(' the statistical model of chase and mekjian , which offers an analytic solution for the canonical ensemble of non - interacting fragments , is investigated for it s thermodynamic behavior .  various properties of the model , which exhibits a first - order phase transition , are studied .  the effects of finite particle number are investigated .  three extensions of the model are considered , excluded volume , coulomb effects and inclusion of isospin degrees of freedom . a formulation of a microcanonical version of the model is also presented .    2.0 cm ', ' excluded volume, Coulomb effects, and isospin degrees of freedom.', 1)
(' the propagation of ultracold atomic gases through abruptly changing waveguide potentials is examined in the limit of non - interacting atoms .  time - independent scattering calculations of microstructured waveguides with discontinuous changes in the transverse harmonic binding potentials are used to mimic waveguide perturbations and imperfections .  three basic configurations are examined : step - like , barrier - like and well - like with waves incident in the ground mode . at low energies ,  the spectra rapidly depart from single - moded , with significant transmission and reflection of excited modes .  the high - energy limit sees @xmath0 transmission , with the distribution of the transmitted modes determined simply by the overlap of the mode wave functions and interference . ', ' step-like, barrier-like, and well-like, with waves incident in the ground mode.', 1)
(' phylogenetic networks are mathematical structures for modeling and visualization of reticulation processes in the study of evolution .  galled networks , reticulation visible networks , nearly - stable networks and stable - child networks are the four classes of phylogenetic networks that are recently introduced to study the topological and algorithmic aspects of phylogenetic networks .  we prove the following results .    *  a binary galled network with @xmath0 leaves has at most @xmath1 reticulation nodes . *  a binary nearly - stable network with @xmath0 leaves has at most @xmath2 reticulation nodes . *  a binary stable - child network with @xmath0 leaves has at most @xmath3 reticulation nodes . ', ' gallered networks, reticulation visible networks, nearly-stable networks, and stable-child networks, each with different properties and algorithms for analysis.', 2)
(' let @xmath0 be an oriented surface of genus @xmath1 with @xmath2 punctures and @xmath3 .  we construct an uncountable family of probability measures on the space @xmath4 of area one holomorphic quadratic differentials over the moduli space for @xmath0 containing the usual lebesgue measure .  these measures are invariant under the teichmller geodesic flow @xmath5 , and they are mixing , absolutely continuous with respect to the stable and unstable foliation and exponentially recurrent to a compact set . we show that the critical exponent of the mapping class group equals @xmath6 . moreover , this critical exponent coincides with the logarithmic asymptotic for the number of closed teichmller geodesics in moduli space which meet a sufficiently large compact set . ', 'The text describes the construction of an uncountable family of probability measures on the space of area one holomorphic quadratic differentials over the moduli space of oriented surfaces of genus $g$ with $p$ punctures and $q$ , and shows that these measures are invariant under the Teichmuller geodesic flow, mixing, and exponentially recurrent to a compact set. The critical exponent of the mapping class group is equal to a certain value, which is also the logarithmic asymptotic for the number of closed Teichmuller geodesics in moduli space that meet a sufficiently large compact set.', 2)
(' the quasiregular singularities ( horizons ) that form in the collision of cross polarized electromagnetic waves are , as in the linear polarized case , unstable .  the validity of the helliwell - konkowski stability conjecture is tested for a number of exact backreaction cases . in the test electromagnetic case  the conjecture fails to predict the correct nature of the singularity while in the scalar field and in the null dust cases the aggrement is justified . ', '  In the collision of cross-polarized electromagnetic waves, quasiregular singularities (horizons) form, which are unstable, similar to the linearly polarized case. The Helliwell-Konkowski stability conjecture is tested for various exact backreaction cases, with the exception of the electromagnetic wave case, where the conjecture fails to predict the correct singularity nature, while it is justified in the scalar field and null dust cases.', 4)
(' we introduce a new background field method for n=2 superspace .  ( we treat projective hyperspace , but similar remarks apply for the harmonic case . ) in analogy to n=1 , background gauge fields are in the real representation , so the lowest - dimension potentials are spinor and the usual non - renormalization theorems are manifest .  another consequence is that the r - coordinates disappear from the effective action . ', '  In a new background field method for superspace with n=2, we treat projective hyperspace and make similar remarks for the harmonic case. The lowest-dimensional potentials are spinor and the non-renormalization theorems are manifest in analogy to n=1.', 4)
(' given a real number @xmath0 , we study the associated @xmath1-shift introduced in @xcite .  we compares some aspects of the @xmath2-shift to the @xmath3-shift .  when the expansion in base @xmath4 of @xmath5 is periodic with odd period or when @xmath6 is strictly less than the golden ratio , the @xmath1-shift , as defined in @xcite can not be coded because its language is not transitive .  this intransitivity of words explains the existence of gaps in the interval .  we observe that an intransitive word appears in the @xmath2-expansion of a real number taken in the gap .  furthermore , we determine the zeta function @xmath7 of the @xmath2-transformation and the associated lap - counting function @xmath8 .  these two functions are related by @xmath9 .  we observe some similarities with the zeta function of the @xmath3-transformation .  the function @xmath7 is meromorphic in the unit disk , is holomorphic in the open disk @xmath10 , has a simple pole at @xmath11 and no other singularities @xmath12 such that @xmath13 .  we also note an influence of gaps ( @xmath3 less than the golden ratio ) on the zeta function . in factors of the denominator of @xmath7 ,  the coefficients count the words generating gaps . ', '  In the study of the @xcite-shift, the authors investigate the relationship between the @xmath1-shift and the @xmath2-shift, and how they relate to the @xmath3-shift. They find that when the expansion in base @xmath4 of @xmath5 is periodic with odd period or when @xmath6 is strictly less than the golden ratio, the @xmath1-shift cannot be coded, which explains the existence of gaps in the interval. Additionally, they determine the zeta function @xmath7 of the @xmath2-transformation and the associated lap-counting function @xmath8, and find similarities with the zeta function of the @xmath3-transformation.', 4)
(" we present an exact diagonalization study of the single particle spectral function in the 1d and 2d @xmath0@xmath1@xmath2 model . by studying  the scaling properties with @xmath2 and @xmath0 we find a simple building pattern in 1d and show that every spectral feature can be uniquely assigned by a spinon and holon momentum .  we find two types of low energy excitations : a band with energy scale @xmath2 and high spectral weight disperses upwards in the interior part of the brillouin zone and reaches @xmath3 at @xmath4 , and a band with energy scale @xmath0 and low spectral weight disperses downwards in the outer part of the zone , touching @xmath3 at @xmath5 .  an analogous analysis of the 2d case at half filling shows that the @xmath0-band exists also in this case , but is diffuse and never reaches the fermi energy . for the doped case in 2d  the picture is more reminiscent of 1d , in particular the ` main - band ' with a dispersion @xmath6 and the ` shadow band ' with energy scale @xmath0 can be identified also in this case .  this leads us to propose that the shadow bands discovered by aebi _  et al .  _ in bi2212 are the 2d analogue of the @xmath5 singularity in 1d systems and unrelated to antiferromagnetic spin fluctuations .    2 ", ' a band with high spectral weight that disperses upwards in the Brillouin zone and reaches a energy scale of @xmath3 at @xmath4, and a band with low spectral weight that disperses downwards in the outer part of the zone and touches @xmath3 at @xmath5. In 2D at half filling, the @xmath0-band exists but is diffuse and does not reach the Fermi energy. For the doped case in 2D, the main band with a dispersion of @xmath6 and the shadow band with energy scale @xmath0 can be identified, which suggests that the shadow bands discovered by Aebi et al. in Bi2212 are the 2D analogue of the @xmath5 singularity in 1D systems and are unrelated to antiferromagnetic spin fluctuations.', 4)
(" given an n - dimensional natural hamiltonian l on a riemannian or pseudo - riemannian manifold , we call `` extension '' of l the n+1 dimensional hamiltonian @xmath0 with new canonically conjugated coordinates @xmath1 . for suitable l ,  the functions @xmath2 and @xmath3 can be chosen depending on any natural number m such that h admits an extra polynomial first integral in the momenta of degree m , explicitly determined in the form of the m - th power of a differential operator applied to a certain function of coordinates and momenta .  in particular , if l is maximally superintegrable ( ms ) then h is ms also .  therefore , the extension procedure allows the creation of new superintegrable systems from old ones . for m=2 , the extra first integral generated by the extension procedure  determines a second - order symmetry operator of a laplace - beltrami quantization of h , modified by taking in account the curvature of the configuration manifold .  the extension procedure can be applied to several hamiltonian systems , including the three - body calogero and wolfes systems ( without harmonic term ) , the tremblay - turbiner - winternitz system and n - dimensional anisotropic harmonic oscillators .  we propose here a short review of the known results of the theory and some previews of new ones . ", 'An extension of a given Hamiltonian on a Riemannian or pseudo-Riemannian manifold to an $n+1$-dimensional Hamiltonian can be constructed by choosing suitable functions $x_2$ and $x_3$ of degree $m$, where $m$ is a natural number, and determining the first integral of the extended Hamiltonian as a polynomial in the momenta of degree $m$. The extension procedure allows the creation of new superintegrable systems from old ones, and for $m=2$, the extra first integral generated by the extension procedure determines a second-order symmetry operator of a Laplace-Beltrami quantization of the original Hamiltonian, modified by taking into account the curvature of the configuration manifold.', 4)
(' we construct a simply connected minimal complex surface of general type with @xmath0 and @xmath1 which has an involution such that the minimal resolution of the quotient by the involution is a simply connected minimal complex surface of general type with @xmath0 and @xmath2 . in order to construct the example  , we combine a double covering and @xmath3-gorenstein deformation . especially , we develop a method for proving unobstructedness for deformations of a singular surface by generalizing a result of burns and wahl which characterizes the space of first order deformations of a singular surface with only rational double points .  we describe the stable model in the sense of kollr and shepherd - barron of the singular surfaces used for constructing the example .  we count the dimension of the invariant part of the deformation space of the example under the induced @xmath4-action . ', 'The authors construct a simply connected minimal complex surface of general type by combining a double covering and a Gorenstein deformation, and show that the minimal resolution of the quotient by an involution is also a simply connected minimal complex surface of general type. They describe the stable model of the singular surface used in the construction and count the dimension of the invariant part of the deformation space under the induced action of a certain group.', 5)
(' analyses of primitive meteorites and cometary samples have shown that the solar nebula must have experienced a phase of large - scale outward transport of small refractory grains as well as homogenization of initially spatially heterogeneous short - lived isotopes .  the stable oxygen isotopes , however , were able to remain spatially heterogenous at the @xmath0 6% level .  one promising mechanism for achieving these disparate goals is the mixing and transport associated with a marginally gravitationally unstable ( mgu ) disk , a likely cause of fu orionis events in young low - mass stars .  several new sets of mgu models are presented that explore mixing and transport in disks with varied masses ( 0.016 to 0.13 @xmath1 ) around stars with varied masses ( 0.1 to 1 @xmath1 ) and varied initial @xmath2 stability minima ( 1.8 to 3.1 ) .  the results show that mgu disks are able to rapidly ( within @xmath3 yr ) achieve large - scale transport and homogenization of initially spatially heterogeneous distributions of disk grains or gas . in addition , the models show that while single - shot injection heterogeneity is reduced to a relatively low level ( @xmath0 1% ) , as required for early solar system chronometry , continuous injection of the sort associated with the generation of stable oxygen isotope fractionations by uv photolysis leads to a sustained , relatively high level ( @xmath0 10% ) of heterogeneity , in agreement with the oxygen isotope data .  these models support the suggestion that the protosun may have experienced at least one fu orionis - like outburst , which produced several of the signatures left behind in primitive chondrites and comets . ', 'Analyses of primitive meteorites and cometary samples suggest that the solar nebula underwent a phase of large-scale transport of small refractory grains and homogenization of initially spatially heterogeneous short-lived isotopes. However, stable oxygen isotopes were able to remain spatially heterogeneous at a level of around 6%.These findings are consistent with the idea that the protosun may have experienced at least one Fu Orionis-like outburst, which could have produced the signatures left behind in primitive chondrites and comets.', 5)
(' the aim of this paper is to define a chain level refinement of the batalin - vilkovisky ( bv ) algebra structure on homology of the free loop space of a closed @xmath0-manifold .  namely , we propose a new chain model of the free loop space , and define an action of a certain chain model of the framed little disks operad on it , recovering the original bv structure on homology level .  we also compare this structure to a solution of deligne s conjecture for hochschild cochain complexes of differential graded algebras . to define the chain model of the loop space , we introduce a notion of de rham chains , which is a hybrid of singular chains and differential forms . ', "  The paper aims to refine the Batalin-Vilkovisky (BV) algebra structure on the homology of the free loop space of a closed manifold by proposing a new chain model and defining an action of a chain model of the framed little disks operad. This structure is compared to a solution of Deligne's conjecture for Hochschild cochain complexes of differential graded algebras.", 5)
(' we reexamine the randall - sundrum ( rs ) model with enlarged gauge symmetry @xmath0 in the presence of a brane - localized higgs sector . in contrast to the existing literature , we perform the kaluza - klein ( kk ) decomposition within the mass basis , which avoids the truncation of the kk towers . expanding the low - energy spectrum as well as the gauge couplings in powers of the higgs vacuum expectation value ,  we obtain analytic formulas which allow for a deep understanding of the model - specific protection mechanisms of the @xmath1 parameter and the left - handed @xmath2-boson couplings .  in particular , in the latter case we explain which contributions escape protection and identify them with the irreducible sources of @xmath3 symmetry breaking .  we furthermore show explicitly that no protection mechanism is present in the charged - current sector confirming existing model - independent findings .  the main focus of the phenomenological part of our work is a detailed discussion of higgs - boson couplings and their impact on physics at the cern large hadron collider .  for the first time , a complete one - loop calculation of all relevant higgs - boson production and decay channels is presented , incorporating the effects stemming from the extended electroweak gauge - boson and fermion sectors .     mz - th/10 - 18 + may 23 , 2010 +    * the custodial randall - sundrum model : + from precision tests to higgs physics *    s.  casagrande@xmath4 , f.  goertz@xmath5 , u.  haisch@xmath5 , m.  neubert@xmath6 and t.  pfoh@xmath5 + ', "  In this paper, the authors reexamine the Randall-Sundrum model with enlarged gauge symmetry at xmath0 in the presence of a brane-localized Higgs sector. They perform the Kaluza-Klein decomposition within the mass basis, which allows for a deeper understanding of the model's protection mechanisms and the impact of the Higgs vacuum expectation value on the gauge couplings.", 5)
(' for @xmath0 and @xmath1 , we consider certain admissible sequences of @xmath2 lattice paths in a colored @xmath3 square .  we show that the number of such admissible sequences of lattice paths is given by the sum of squares of the number of standard young tableaux of partitions of @xmath4 with height @xmath5 , which is also the number of @xmath6-avoiding permutations of @xmath7 .  finally , we apply this result to the representation theory of the affine lie algebra @xmath8 and show that this quantity gives the multiplicity of certain maximal dominant weights in the irreducible module @xmath9 . ', '  In summary, the article discusses the number of admissible sequences of lattice paths in a colored square, which is equal to the sum of squares of the number of standard Young tableaux of partitions of a certain size, which is also the number of permutations avoiding a specific pattern. This result is applied to the representation theory of the affine Lie algebra and shows that it gives the multiplicity of certain maximal dominant weights in an irreducible module.', 6)
(" proposition algebra is based on hoare s conditional connective , which is a ternary connective comparable to if - then - else and used in the setting of propositional logic .  conditional statements are provided with a simple semantics that is based on evaluation trees and that characterizes so - called free valuation congruence : two conditional statements are free valuation congruent if , and only if , they have equal evaluation trees .  free valuation congruence is axiomatized by the four basic equational axioms of proposition algebra that define the conditional connective .  valuation congruences that identify more conditional statements than free valuation congruence are repetition - proof , contractive , memorizing , and static valuation congruence .  each of these valuation congruences is characterized using a transformation on evaluation trees : two conditional statements are c - valuation congruent if , and only if , their c - transformed evaluation trees are equal .  these transformations are simple and natural , and only for static valuation congruence a slightly more complex transformation is used .  also , each of these valuation congruences is axiomatized in proposition algebra . a spin - off of our approach  is `` basic form semantics for proposition algebra '' : for each valuation congruence c considered , two conditional statements are c - valuation congruent if , and only if , they have equal c - basic forms , where c - basic forms are obtained by a syntactic transformation of conditional statements , which is a form of normalization .     conditional composition , evaluation tree , proposition algebra , short - circuit evaluation , side effect ", 'Proposition algebra is based on Hoare\'s conditional connective, which is similar to "if-then-else" statements in propositional logic. The conditional connective is defined using a set of axioms, and different valuation congruences (such as repetition-proof, contractive, memorizing, and static valuation congruence) are defined based on transformations of evaluation trees.', 6)
(' interference of fractionally charged quasi - particles is expected to lead to aharonov - bohm oscillations with periods larger than the flux quantum @xmath0 . however , according to the byers - yang theorem , observables of an electronic system are invariant under adiabatic insertion of a quantum of singular flux .  we resolve this seeming paradox by considering a _ microscopic _ model of an electronic mach - zehnder interferometer made from a quantum hall liquid at filling factor @xmath1 .  such interferometers have the shape of a corbino disk and utilize quantum hall edge states in place of optical beams and quantum point contacts as beam splitters connecting different edge channels .  an approximate ground state of such an interferometer is described by a laughlin type wave function , and low - energy excitations are incompressible deformations of this state .  we construct a low - energy effective theory by projecting the state space of the liquid onto the space of such incompressible deformations and show that the theory of the quantum hall edge so obtained is a generalization of a chiral conformal field theory .  amplitudes of quasi - particle tunneling in this theory are found to be insensitive to the magnetic flux threading through the hole in the corbino disk .  this behavior is a consequence of _ topological screening _ of the singular flux by the quantum hall liquid .  we describe strong coupling of the edges of the liquid to ohmic contacts and the resulting quasi - particle current through the interferometer with the help of a master equation . as a function of the singular magnetic flux , the current oscillates with the electronic period @xmath0  , i.e. , our theory conforms to the byers - yang theorem .  these oscillations , which originate from the coulomb blockade effect , are suppressed with increasing system size .  in contrast , when the magnetic flux through the interferometer is varied with a modulation gate , current oscillations have the quasi - particle period @xmath2 and survive in the thermodynamic limit . ', '  In a quantum Hall liquid, interference of fractionally charged quasi-particles is expected to lead to Aharonov-Bohm oscillations with periods larger than the flux quantum. However, the Byers-Yang theorem states that observables of an electronic system are invariant under adiabatic insertion of a quantum of singular flux. The paradox is resolved by considering a microscopic model of an electronic Mach-Zehnder interferometer made from a quantum Hall liquid, which has incompressible deformations of the ground state wave function. The resulting low-energy effective theory is a generalization of a chiral conformal field theory, and amplitudes of quasi-particle tunneling are insensitive to the magnetic flux. The behavior is a consequence of topological screening of the singular flux by the quantum Hall liquid.', 6)
(' recent results on minijet production in nuclear collisions at the rhic and lhc energies are reviewed .  initial conditions of the qgp at @xmath0 @xmath1 , especially parton chemistry , thermalization and net baryon number - to - entropy ratio are discussed .  also , contribution of minijets from a hard bfkl - pomeron ladder will be estimated .     = -1 cm = -1 cm = 16.5 cm = 22.8 cm    * minijets in ultrarelativistic heavy ion collisions at rhic and lhc *    k.j.eskola    _ cern / th , ch-1211 geneve 23 , switzerland _ ', 'Recent results on minijet production in nuclear collisions at the RHIC and LHC energies are reviewed, including the initial conditions of the QGP at xmath0 and xmath1, as well as the contribution of minijets from a hard BFKL-Pomeron ladder. The net baryon number-to-entropy ratio and the role of minijets in ultrarelativistic heavy ion collisions are also discussed.', 6)
(' in this paper we discuss bayesian nonconvex penalization for sparse learning problems .  we explore a nonparametric formulation for latent shrinkage parameters using subordinators which are one - dimensional lvy processes .  we particularly study a family of continuous compound poisson subordinators and a family of discrete compound poisson subordinators .  we exemplify four specific subordinators : gamma , poisson , negative binomial and squared bessel subordinators .  the laplace exponents of the subordinators are bernstein functions , so they can be used as sparsity - inducing nonconvex penalty functions .  we exploit these subordinators in regression problems , yielding a hierarchical model with multiple regularization parameters .  we devise ecme ( expectation / conditional maximization either ) algorithms to simultaneously estimate regression coefficients and regularization parameters .  the empirical evaluation of simulated data shows that our approach is feasible and effective in high - dimensional data analysis . ', '  In this paper, the authors propose using Bayesian nonconvex penalization for sparse learning problems, specifically using subordinators (one-dimensional Lvy processes) to formulate nonparametric latent shrinkage parameters. They explore four specific subordinators (gamma, Poisson, negative binomial, and squared Bessel) and show that their Laplace exponents can be used as sparsity-inducing nonconvex penalty functions.', 6)
(' the point sets of all known optimal rectilinear drawings of @xmath0 share an unmistakeable clustering property , the so  called _ 3decomposability_. it is widely believed that the underlying point sets of all optimal rectilinear drawings of @xmath0 are @xmath1decomposable . we give a lower bound for the minimum number of @xmath2sets in a @xmath1decomposable @xmath3point set . as an immediate corollary , we obtain a lower bound for the crossing number @xmath4 of any rectilinear drawing @xmath5 of @xmath0 with underlying @xmath1decomposable point set , namely @xmath6 .  this closes this gap between the best known lower and upper bounds for the rectilinear crossing number @xmath7 of @xmath0 by over 40% , under the assumption of @xmath1decomposability . ', 'The optimal rectilinear drawings of the graph @xmath0 share a clustering property called 3-decomposability, which is believed to hold for all underlying point sets. A lower bound is given for the minimum number of sets required in a 3-decomposable point set, which in turn provides a lower bound for the crossing number of any rectilinear drawing of @xmath0 with an underlying 3-decomposable point set.', 6)
(' additive models play an important role in semiparametric statistics .  this paper gives learning rates for regularized kernel based methods for additive models .  these learning rates compare favourably in particular in high dimensions to recent results on optimal learning rates for purely nonparametric regularized kernel based quantile regression using the gaussian radial basis function kernel , provided the assumption of an additive model is valid .  additionally , a concrete example is presented to show that a gaussian function depending only on one variable lies in a reproducing kernel hilbert space generated by an additive gaussian kernel , but does not belong to the reproducing kernel hilbert space generated by the multivariate gaussian kernel of the same variance .    *  key words and phrases . * additive model , kernel , quantile regression , semiparametric , rate of convergence , support vector machine . ', 'Additive models play a crucial role in semiparametric statistics, and this paper provides learning rates for regularized kernel-based methods in additive models. These learning rates compare favorably to recent results on optimal learning rates for purely nonparametric regularized kernel-based quantile regression in high dimensions, assuming the additive model assumption is valid.', 7)
(' we have studied the leptonic decay @xmath0 , via the decay channel @xmath1 , using a sample of tagged @xmath2 decays collected near the @xmath3 peak production energy in @xmath4 collisions with the cleo - c detector .  we obtain @xmath5 and determine the decay constant @xmath6  mev , where the first uncertainties are statistical and the second are systematic . ', 'Researchers have studied the leptonic decay of particles using a sample of tagged decays collected near a peak production energy in proton-proton collisions with the CLEO-C detector. They have determined the decay constant of the particles to be approximately 5.6 MeV, with uncertainties in both the statistical and systematic categories.', 7)
(' in 84 , 258 ( 2000 ) , mateos conjectured that current reversal in a classical deterministic ratchet is associated with bifurcations from chaotic to periodic regimes .  this is based on the comparison of the current and the bifurcation diagram as a function of a given parameter for a periodic asymmetric potential .  barbi and salerno , in 62 , 1988 ( 2000 ) , have further investigated this claim and argue that , contrary to mateos claim , current reversals can occur also in the absence of bifurcations .  barbi and salerno s studies are based on the dynamics of one particle rather than the statistical mechanics of an ensemble of particles moving in the chaotic system .  the behavior of ensembles can be quite different , depending upon their characteristics , which leaves their results open to question . in this paper we present results from studies showing how the current depends on the details of the ensemble  used to generate it , as well as conditions for convergent behavior ( that is , independent of the details of the ensemble ) .  we are then able to present the converged current as a function of parameters , in the same system as mateos as well as barbi and salerno .  we show evidence for current reversal without bifurcation , as well as bifurcation without current reversal .  we conjecture that it is appropriate to correlate abrupt changes in the current with bifurcation , rather than current reversals , and show numerical evidence for our claims . ', '  In a classical deterministic ratchet, Mateos (2000) conjectured that current reversals occur due to bifurcations from chaotic to periodic regimes. However, Barbi and Salerno (2000) later challenged this claim and showed that current reversals can occur without bifurcations. The current depends on the details of the ensemble used to generate it, and there are cases where current reversals occur without bifurcations and vice versa.', 7)
(' we study equilibrium configurations of swarming biological organisms subject to exogenous and pairwise endogenous forces . beginning with a discrete dynamical model  , we derive a variational description of the corresponding continuum population density .  equilibrium solutions are extrema of an energy functional , and satisfy a fredholm integral equation .  we find conditions for the extrema to be local minimizers , global minimizers , and minimizers with respect to infinitesimal lagrangian displacements of mass .  in one spatial dimension , for a variety of exogenous forces , endogenous forces , and domain configurations , we find exact analytical expressions for the equilibria .  these agree closely with numerical simulations of the underlying discrete model.the exact solutions provide a sampling of the wide variety of equilibrium configurations possible within our general swarm modeling framework .  the equilibria typically are compactly supported and may contain @xmath0-concentrations or jump discontinuities at the edge of the support .  we apply our methods to a model of locust swarms , which are observed in nature to consist of a concentrated population on the ground separated from an airborne group .  our model can reproduce this configuration ; quasi - two - dimensionality of the model plays a critical role .    swarm , equilibrium , aggregation , integrodifferential equation , variational model , energy , minimizer , locust ', '  In this study, the authors investigate the equilibrium configurations of swarming biological organisms subject to exogenous and pairwise endogenous forces using a discrete dynamical model. They derive a variational description of the corresponding continuum population density and find conditions for the equilibrium solutions to be local minimizers, global minimizers, or minimizers with respect to infinitesimal lagrangian displacements of mass.', 7)
(' i discuss new results on absolute branching ratios of charm mesons into specific exclusive final states , cabibbo suppressed decay rates , inclusive decays to @xmath0 mesons , limits on @xmath1 mixing , cp violation and t violation .  preliminary results from cleo - c now dominate the world average absolute branching fractions . for the most important normalization modes involving @xmath2 and @xmath3 , the averages are @xmath4 for the @xmath5 cleo - c measures @xmath6 . using this rate , i derive an effective branching ratio @xmath7 , that is appropriate for use in extracting other branching fractions that have often been measured relative to this mode .  this number is compared with other determinations . ', 'New results on the absolute branching ratios of charm mesons into specific final states have been obtained, with preliminary results from the CLEO-C experiment dominating the world average. These results include measurements of the branching fractions for decays into @xmath0 mesons, limits on @xmath1 mixing, and tests of CP and T violation.', 7)
(' the general expression of the stern - gerlach force is deduced for a relativistic charged spin-@xmath0 particle which travels inside a time varying magnetic field .  this result was obtained either by means of two lorentz boosts or starting from dirac s equation .  then , the utilization of this interaction for attaining the spin states separation is reconsidered in a new example using a new radio - frequency arrangement . ', "  In a relativistic charged spin-1 particle, the Stern-Gerlach force is derived using either two Lorentz boosts or Dirac's equation. This interaction is then used to separate spin states in a new example with a different radio-frequency arrangement.", 7)
(' we calculate cross sections for low energy elastic exciton - exciton scattering within the effective mass approximation .  unlike previous theoretical approaches , we give a complete , non - perturbative treatment of the four - particle scattering problem .  diffusion monte carlo is used to calculate the essentially exact energies of scattering states , from which phase shifts are determined . for the case of equal - mass electrons and holes , which is equivalent to positronium - positronium scattering ,  we find @xmath0 for scattering of singlet - excitons and @xmath1 for triplet - excitons , where @xmath2 is the excitonic radius .  the spin dependence of the cross sections arises from the spatial exchange symmetry of the scattering wavefunctions . a significant triplet - triplet to singlet - singlet scattering process is found , which is similar to reported effects in recent experiments and theory for excitons in quantum wells .  we also show that the scattering length can change sign and diverge for some values of the mass ratio @xmath3/@xmath4 , an effect not seen in previous perturbative treatments . ', '  In this study, the authors use a non-perturbative approach to calculate the cross sections for low-energy elastic exciton-exciton scattering within the effective mass approximation. They use diffusion Monte Carlo to calculate the energies of scattering states and determine phase shifts, and find significant triplet-triplet to singlet-singlet scattering processes, which could be observed in experiments.', 7)
(' a positive , non - saturating and dominantly linear magnetoresistance is demonstrated to occur in the surface state of a topological insulator having a wavevector - linear energy dispersion together with a finite positive zeeman energy splitting .  this linear magnetoresistance shows up within quite wide magnetic - field range in a spatially homogenous system of high carrier density and low mobility in which the conduction electrons are in extended states and spread over many smeared landau levels , and is robust against increasing temperature , in agreement with recent experimental findings in bi@xmath0se@xmath1 nanoribbons . ', '  A topological insulator with a wavevector-linear energy dispersion and a finite positive Zeeman energy splitting exhibits a positive, non-saturating, and dominantly linear magnetoresistance within a wide magnetic field range in a spatially homogeneous system with high carrier density and low mobility. This resistance is robust against increasing temperature and agrees with recent experimental findings in nanoribbons.', 7)
(' the wide field camera 3 ( wfc3 ) on the _ hubble space telescope _ ( _ hst _ ) enabled the search for the first galaxies observed at @xmath0 ( @xmath1 myr after the big bang ) . to continue quantifying the number density of the most luminous galaxies ( @xmath2 ) at the earliest epoch observable with _ hst  _ , we search for @xmath3 galaxies ( f125w - dropouts ) in archival data from the brightest of reionizing galaxies ( borg[z8 ] ) survey , originally designed for detection of @xmath4 galaxies ( f098m - dropouts ) . by focusing on the deepest 293 arcmin@xmath5 of the data along 62 independent lines of sight , we identify six @xmath3 candidates satisfying the color selection criteria , detected at s / n @xmath6 in f160w with @xmath7 to @xmath8 if at @xmath9 .  three of the six sources , including the two brightest , are in a single wfc3 pointing ( @xmath10 arcmin@xmath5 ) , suggestive of significant clustering , which is expected from bright galaxies at @xmath11 .  however , the two brightest galaxies are too extended to be likely at @xmath11 , and one additional source is unresolved and possibly a brown dwarf .  the remaining three candidates have @xmath12 , and given the area and completeness of our search , our best estimate is a number density of sources that is marginally higher but consistent at @xmath13 with searches in legacy fields .  our study highlights that @xmath11 searches can yield a small number of candidates , making tailored follow - ups of _ hst _ pure - parallel observations viable and effective . ', "  The Hubble Space Telescope's Wide Field Camera 3 (WFC3) enabled the search for the first galaxies observed at xmath0 (13.8 billion years after the Big Bang) by analyzing archival data from the Brightest of Reionizing Galaxies (BORG[z8]) survey. In the deepest 293 arcminutes of the data along 62 independent lines of sight, six f125w-dropout candidates were identified, with six sources satisfying the color selection criteria and detected at signal-to-noise ratio (S/N) levels of 10-8 in F160W.", 7)
(' we apply the statefinder diagnostic to the torsion cosmology , in which an accounting for the accelerated universe is considered in term of a riemann - cartan geometry : dynamic scalar torsion .  we find that there are some typical characteristic of the evolution of statefinder parameters for the torsion cosmology that can be distinguished from the other cosmological models .  furthermore , we also show that statefinder diagnostic has a direct bearing on the critical points .  the statefinder diagnostic divides the torsion parameter @xmath0 into differential ranges , which is in keeping with the requirement of dynamical analysis .  in addition , we fit the scalar torsion model to essence supernovae data and give the best fit values of the model parameters . ', '  In this study, the Statefinder diagnostic is applied to torsion cosmology, which includes an account of the accelerated universe using Riemann-Cartan geometry and dynamic scalar torsion. The analysis reveals characteristic evolution patterns of Statefinder parameters for torsion cosmology that differ from other cosmological models, and the Statefinder diagnostic has a direct impact on critical points.', 7)
(' we investigate an efficient quantum error correction of a fully correlated noise .  suppose the noise is characterized by a quantum channel whose error operators take fully correlated forms given by @xmath0 , @xmath1 and @xmath2 , where @xmath3 is the number of qubits encoding the codeword .  it is proved that ( i ) @xmath4 qubits codeword encodes @xmath5 data qubits when @xmath4 is odd and ( ii ) @xmath4 qubits codeword implements an error - free encoding , which encode @xmath6 data qubits when @xmath4 is even .  quantum circuits implementing these schemes are constructed .     quantum error correction , higher rank numerical range , recovery operator , mixed unitary channel ', 'The text investigates an efficient quantum error correction method for fully correlated noise, where the noise is characterized by quantum error operators that take fully correlated forms. The method involves encoding the data qubits using a codeword of odd or even number of qubits, depending on the parity of the codeword, and implementing an error-free encoding for even number of qubits.', 7)
(' no - scale structure of the khler potential is obtained in many types of supersymmetric models . in this paper ,  phenomenological aspects of these models are investigated with special attention to the current higgs mass bound at lep and @xmath0 result at the cleo .  when the boundary condition is given at the gut scale and gaugino masses are universal at this scale , very narrow parameter region is allowed only for positive higgsino mass region if r - parity is conserved .  the negative higgsino mass case is entirely excluded . on the other hand , relatively large parameter region  is allowed when the boundary condition is given above the gut scale , and tevatron can discover susy signals for the positive higgsino mass case .  the no - scale models with wino , higgsino or sneutrino lsp are also considered .  we show that the higgs mass constraint is important for the higgsino lsp case , which requires the lsp mass to be larger than about 245 gev .     0.0 mm 0.0 mm 159.2 mm -16.0 mm 240.0 mm ', '  In supersymmetric models, the structure of the Kähler potential is not obtained in many types of models, and this paper focuses on the phenomenological aspects of these models, particularly the current Higgs mass bound and the @xmath0 result at the CLEO. The paper shows that for positive Higgsino mass region, a narrow parameter region is allowed when the boundary condition is given at the GUT scale, while the negative Higgsino mass case is entirely excluded.', 7)
(' to investigate chemical reactivity of cu atomic - scale structures , we performed simulations based on the generalized gradient approximation in the density functional theory .  an atomic layer of cu forming a triangular lattice ( tl ) was found to give a stable structure .  the nitrogen monoxide molecule ( no ) was adsorbed on some atomic sites of tl or on an atomic step structure ( ass ) of cu .  the molecular adsorption energy on tl was -0.83 ev . our data suggested that dissociative adsorption of no with a dissociation energy of -1.08 ev was possible with an energy barrier of order 1.4 ev . in this optimized structure ,  the nitrogen and oxygen atoms were embedded in the cu layer . on the step ,  no adsorbed at a bridge site and the formation energy of cu-(no)-cu local bond connections was estimated to be around -1.32 ev .  molecular dissociation of no with a dissociation energy of -0.37 ev was also possible around ass . ', '  In a study to investigate the chemical reactivity of copper atomic-scale structures, researchers used density functional theory simulations to find that a triangular lattice (TL) structure of copper was stable and that nitrogen monoxide molecules (NO) could be adsorbed on some copper sites or on an atomic step structure (ASS) of copper. The adsorption energy of NO on TL was found to be -0.83 eV, and dissociative adsorption of NO with a dissociation energy of -1.08 eV was possible with an energy barrier of around 1.4 eV.', 7)
(' the phenomenology of a system of two coupled quadratic maps is studied both analytically and numerically .  conditions for synchronization are given and the bifurcations of periodic orbits from this regime are identified .  in addition , we show that an arbitrarily large number of distinct stable periodic orbits may be obtained when the maps parameter is at the feigenbaum period - doubling accumulation point .  an estimate is given for the coupling strength needed to obtain any given number of stable orbits . ', 'The phenomenology of a system of two coupled quadratic maps is studied using analytical and numerical methods to investigate synchronization conditions and bifurcations of periodic orbits. The authors show that an arbitrarily large number of stable periodic orbits can be obtained by tuning the parameter of the maps to the Feigenbaum period-doubling accumulation point, and provide an estimate for the required coupling strength.', 7)
(' the classical structure - function ( sf ) method in fully developed turbulence or for scaling processes in general is influenced by large - scale energetic structures , known as infrared effect .  therefore , the extracted scaling exponents @xmath0 might be biased due to this effect . in this paper , a detrended structure - function ( dsf )  method is proposed to extract scaling exponents by constraining the influence of large - scale structures .  this is accomplished by removing a @xmath1st - order polynomial fitting within a window size @xmath2 before calculating the velocity increment . by doing so , the scales larger than @xmath2 , i.e. , @xmath3 , are expected to be removed or constrained .  the detrending process is equivalent to be a high - pass filter in physical domain .  meanwhile the intermittency nature is retained .  we first validate the dsf method by using a synthesized fractional brownian motion for mono - fractal processes and a lognormal process for multifractal random walk processes .  the numerical results show comparable scaling exponents @xmath0 and singularity spectra @xmath4 for the original sfs and dsfs .  when applying the dsf to a turbulent velocity obtained from a high reynolds number wind tunnel experiment with @xmath5 , the 3rd - order dsf demonstrates a clear inertial range with @xmath6 on the range @xmath7 , corresponding to a wavenumber range @xmath8 .  this inertial range is consistent with the one predicted by the fourier power spectrum .  the directly measured scaling exponents @xmath0 ( resp .  singularity spectrum @xmath4 ) agree very well with a lognormal model with an intermittent parameter @xmath9 .  due to large - scale effects , the results provided by the sfs are biased .  the method proposed here is general and can be applied to different dynamics systems in which the concepts of multiscale and multifractal are relevant .     fully developed turbulence ; intermittency ; detrended structure - function ', '  In fully developed turbulence, the classical structure-function (SF) method can be biased by large-scale energetic structures, known as the infrared effect. To address this issue, a detrended structure-function (D SF) method is proposed, which removes the influence of these large-scale structures by constraining the fitting polynomial within a window size. The D SF method is validated through numerical simulations and applied to a turbulent velocity field obtained from a high Reynolds number wind tunnel experiment, showing a clear inertial range consistent with the Fourier power spectrum. The directly measured scaling exponents and singularity spectrum agree well with a lognormal model with an intermittent parameter, demonstrating the effectiveness of the D SF method in capturing the multiscale and multifractal nature of turbulence.', 7)
(' we present an analysis of intermediate - dispersion spectra and photometric data of the newly identified cool , polluted white dwarf nltt  19868 . the spectra obtained with x - shooter on the very large telescope ( vlt)-melipal show strong lines of calcium , and several lines of magnesium , aluminium and iron .  we use these spectra and the optical - to - near infrared spectral energy distribution to constrain the atmospheric parameters of nltt  19868 .  our analysis shows that nltt  19868 is iron poor with respect to aluminium and calcium . a comparison with other cool  , polluted white dwarfs shows that the fe to ca abundance ratio ( fe / ca ) varies by up to approximately two orders of magnitudes over a narrow temperature range with nltt  19868 at one extremum in the fe / ca ratio and , in contrast , nltt  888 at the other extremum .  the sample shows evidence of extreme diversity in the composition of the accreted material : in the case of nltt  888 , the inferred composition of the accreted matter is akin to iron - rich planetary core composition , while in the case of nltt  19868 it is close to mantle or bulk - earth composition depleted by subsequent chemical separation at the bottom of the convection zone .     [ firstpage ]    diffusion  stars : abundances  stars : atmospheres  stars : individual ( nltt  888 , nltt  19868 )  white dwarfs ', 'The authors analyze the intermediate dispersion spectra and photometric data of the newly identified cool, polluted white dwarf NLTT 19868 using X-Shooter on the Very Large Telescope (VLT). They find that NLTT 19868 is iron-poor compared to aluminum and calcium, and that its Fe/Ca abundance ratio varies by up to two orders of magnitude over a narrow temperature range, with NLTT 19868 at one extreme and NLTT 888 at the other.', 7)
(' the remarkable sensitivity of the @xmath0-axis resistivity and magnetoresistance in cuprates to the spin ordering is used to clarify the doping - induced transformation from an antiferromagnetic ( af ) insulator to a superconducting ( sc ) metal in @xmath1ba@xmath2cu@xmath3o@xmath4 ( @xmath1@xmath5lu , y ) single crystals .  the established phase diagram demonstrates that the af and sc regions apparently overlap : the superconductivity in @xmath1ba@xmath2cu@xmath3o@xmath4 , in contrast to la@xmath6sr@xmath7cuo@xmath8 , sets in before the long - range af order is completely destroyed by hole doping .  magnetoresistance measurements of superconducting crystals with low @xmath9@xmath10@xmath11k give a clear view of the magnetic - field induced superconductivity suppression and recovery of the long - range af state .  what still remains to be understood is whether the af order actually persists in the sc state or just revives when the superconductivity is suppressed , and , in the former case , whether the antiferromagnetism and superconductivity reside in nanoscopically separated phases or coexist on an atomic scale .     keywords : phase diagram , antiferromagnetism , magnetoresistance , c - axis conductivity . ', '  The sensitivity of the @xmath0-axis resistivity and magnetoresistance in cuprates to spin ordering allows for a clearer understanding of the transformation from an antiferromagnetic (AF) insulator to a superconducting (SC) metal in @xmath1ba@xmath2cu@xmath3o@xmath4 ( @xmath1@xmath5lu , y ) single crystals. The established phase diagram shows that the AF and SC regions overlap, with superconductivity setting in before the long-range AF order is completely destroyed by hole doping.', 7)
(" one of the open problems in higher category theory is the systematic construction of the higher dimensional analogues of the gray tensor product . in this paper  we continue the work of @xcite to adapt the machinery of globular operads @xcite to this task .  the resulting theory includes the gray tensor product of 2-categories and the crans tensor product @xcite of gray categories .  moreover much of the previous work on the globular approach to higher category theory is simplified by our new foundations , and we illustrate this by giving an expedited account of many aspects of cheng s analysis @xcite of trimble s definition of weak @xmath0-category . by way of application  we obtain an `` ekmann - hilton '' result for braided monoidal 2-categories , and give the construction of a tensor product of @xmath1-infinity algebras .     [ multiblock footnote omitted ]    [ multiblock footnote omitted ]    [ multiblock footnote omitted ] ", 'The paper addresses an open problem in higher category theory, which is the systematic construction of higher-dimensional analogues of the gray tensor product. The authors adapt the machinery of globular operads to this task, resulting in a theory that includes the gray tensor product of 2-categories and the crans tensor product of gray categories, and simplifies much of the previous work on the globular approach to higher category theory.', 7)
(' the longitudinal polarization of fermions ( tops and taus ) produced in sfermion decays to neutralinos or charginos can be a useful tool for the determination of susy parameters .  we discuss this fermion polarization in the context of the mssm with complex parameters .  we show that the dependence on cp - violating phases can be large and that the fermion polarization may hence be used as a sensitive probe of cp phases in the mssm .     cern - ph - th/2004 - 086 + hephy - pub 790/04 + iisc - chep/7/04 + fi2004 - 15 + hep - ph/0405167    * fermion polarization in sfermion decays as + a probe of cp phases in the mssm * + thomas  gajdosik@xmath0 , rohini  m.  godbole@xmath1 , sabine  kraml@xmath2 + _  @xmath3  institute of physics , vilnius lt-2600 , lithuania + @xmath4  centre for high energy physics , indian institute of science , bangalore 560012 , india + @xmath5  inst .   f.  hochenergiephysik , sterr .   akademie d.  wissenschaften , 1050 vienna , austria + @xmath6  department of physics , cern , theory division , 1211 geneva 23 , switzerland + _ ', '  In the context of the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model (MSSM) with complex parameters, the longitudinal polarization of fermions produced in sfermion decays can be used as a sensitive probe of CP phases. The dependence of the fermion polarization on CP-violating phases can be large, making it a useful tool for determining these phases in the MSSM.', 7)
(' we have observed an outburst of the t tauri star ex lup in march 1994 .  we present both photometric ( bvr ) and spectroscopic ( low and medium resolution ) observations carried out during the decline after outburst .  the star appears much bluer during outburst due to an increased emission of a hot continuum .  this is accompanied by a strong increase of the veiling of photospheric lines .  we observe inverse p cygni profiles of many emission lines over a large brightness range of ex lup .  we briefly discuss these features towards the model of magnetospherically supported accretion of disk material .     2.5 cm    # 1to -1.5pt#1 ', 'An outburst of the T Tauri star EX Lup occurred in March 1994, and subsequent photometric and spectroscopic observations revealed a bluer color during the outburst due to increased emission of a hot continuum. The observations also showed strong increases in the veiling of photospheric lines and inverse P Cygni profiles of emission lines over a large brightness range, which are consistent with a magnetospherically supported accretion model.', 7)
(' the liquid - gas phase transition in hot neutron - rich nuclear matter is investigated within a self - consistent thermal model using different interactions with or without isospin and/or momentum dependence .  the boundary of the phase - coexistence region is shown to be sensitive to the density dependence of the nuclear symmetry energy as well as the isospin and momentum dependence of the nuclear interaction . ', '  In hot, neutron-rich nuclear matter, the liquid-gas phase transition is studied using a self-consistent thermal model with different interactions, including those with isospin and momentum dependence. The transition boundary is found to be sensitive to the density dependence of the nuclear symmetry energy and the isospin and momentum dependence of the interaction.', 7)
(' the phase transition of the quantum spin-@xmath0 frustrated heisenberg antiferroferromagnet on an anisotropic square lattice is studied by using a variational treatment .  the model is described by the heisenberg hamiltonian with two antiferromagnetic interactions : nearest - neighbor ( nn ) with different coupling strengths @xmath1 and @xmath2 along x and y directions competing with a next - nearest - neighbor coupling @xmath3 ( nnn ) .  the ground state phase diagram in the ( @xmath4 ) space , where @xmath5 and @xmath6 , is obtained . depending on the values of @xmath7 and @xmath8  , we obtain three different states : antiferromagnetic ( * af * ) , collinear antiferromagnetic ( * caf * ) and quantum paramagnetic ( * qp * ) . for an intermediate region  @xmath9 we observe a * qp * state between the ordered * af * and * caf * phases , which disappears for @xmath7 above some critical value @xmath10 .  the boundaries between these ordered phases merge at the _ quantum critical endpoint _  ( * qce * ) . below this * qce * there is again a direct first - order transition between the * af * and * caf * phases , with a behavior approximately described by the classical line @xmath11 .     * pacs numbers * : 75.10.jm , 05.30.-d , 75.40.-s , 75.40.cx ', 'The phase transition of a quantum spin-1/2 system on an anisotropic square lattice is studied using a variational approach. The ground state phase diagram in the (@xmath4) space is obtained, showing three different states: antiferromagnetic, collinear antiferromagnetic, and quantum paramagnetic, depending on the values of (@xmath7) and (@xmath8).', 7)
(' we propose a tuner , suitable for adaptive control and ( in its discrete - time version ) adaptive filtering applications , that sets the second derivative of the parameter estimates rather than the first derivative as is done in the overwhelming majority of the literature . comparative stability and performance analyses  are presented .     * key words : * adaptive control ; parameter estimation ; adaptive filtering ; covariance analysis . ', "  The proposed tuner for adaptive control and adaptive filtering applications sets the second derivative of parameter estimates instead of the first derivative, which is the majority approach in the literature. The tuner's performance and stability are analyzed and compared to the traditional approach.", 7)
(' electron injection from an adsorbed molecule to the substrate ( heterogeneous electron transfer ) is studied .  one reaction coordinate is used to model this process .  the surface phonons and/or the electron - hole pairs together with the internal degrees of freedom of the adsorbed molecule as well as possibly a liquid surrounding the molecule provide a dissipative environment , which may lead to dephasing , relaxation , and sometimes excitation of the relevant system . in the process studied the adsorbed molecule is excited by a light pulse .  this is followed by an electron transfer from the excited donor state to the quasi - continuum of the substrate .  it is assumed that the substrate is a semiconductor .  the effects of dissipation on electron injection are investigated .    electron transfer , density matrix theory , molecules at surfaces ', '  In the study of electron injection from an adsorbed molecule to a substrate, a reaction coordinate is used to model the process. The dissipative environment, consisting of surface phonons, electron-hole pairs, and internal degrees of freedom of the adsorbed molecule, may lead to dephasing, relaxation, and excitation of the system.', 7)
(" we study a family of double confluent heun equations that are linearizations of nonlinear equations on two - torus modeling the josephson effect in superconductivity .  they have the form @xmath0 , where @xmath1 is a family of differential operators of order two acting on germs of holomorphic functions in one complex variable .  they depend on parameters @xmath2 , @xmath3 , @xmath4 .  we show that for every @xmath5 and @xmath6 satisfying a certain `` non - resonance condition '' and every parameter values @xmath7 , @xmath8 there exists a unique entire function @xmath9 ( up to multiplicative constant ) such that @xmath10 for some @xmath11 .  the latter @xmath12 are expressed as functions of the parameters .  this result has several applications .  first of all , it gives the description of those parameter values for which the monodromy operator of the corresponding heun equation has given eigenvalues .  this yields the description of the non - integer level curves of the rotation number of the family of equations on two - torus as a function of parameters . in the particular case , when the monodromy is parabolic ( has multiple eigenvalue ) , we get the complete description of those parameter values that correspond to the boundaries of the phase - lock areas : integer level sets of the rotation number , which have non - empty interiors . ", 'The text studies a family of double confluent Heun equations that model the Josephson effect in superconductivity. The equations have the form @xmath0, where @xmath1 is a family of differential operators of order two acting on germs of holomorphic functions in one complex variable, and depend on parameters @xmath2, @xmath3, @xmath4.', 7)
(" we study the implication of the time - dependent cp asymmetry in @xmath0 decays on the extraction of weak phases taking into account the precise measurement of @xmath1 , obtained from the `` gold - plated''mode @xmath2 .  predictions and uncertainties for the hadronic parameters are investigated in qcd factorization .  furthermore , independent theoretical and experimental tests of the factorization framework are briefly discussed .  finally , a model - independent bound on the unitarity triangle from cp violation in @xmath0 and @xmath2 is derived . ", '  In this study, the authors investigate the implications of time-dependent CP asymmetry in @xmath0 decays on the extraction of weak phases, taking into account precise measurements of @xmath1 and @xmath2. They also discuss predictions and uncertainties for hadronic parameters in QCD factorization, as well as theoretical and experimental tests of the factorization framework.', 7)
(' the recent data on @xmath0dijet excess reported by cdf may be interpreted as the associated production of a @xmath1 and a new particle of mass about 150 gev which subsequently decays into two hadron jets .  we study the possibility of explaining the @xmath0dijet excess by colored scalar bosons .  there are several colored scalars which can have tree level renormalizable yukawa couplings with two quarks , @xmath2 , @xmath3 , @xmath4 .  if one of these scalars has a mass about 150 gev , being colored it can naturally explain why the excess only shows up in the form of two hadron jets .  although the required production cross section and mass put constraints on model parameters and rule out some possible scenarios when confronted with other existing data , in particular fcnc data , we find that there are strong constraints on the yukawa couplings of these scalars . without forcing the couplings to be some special texture forms most of the scalars , except the @xmath5 , are in trouble with fcnc data .  we also study some features for search of these new particles at the rhic and the lhc and find that related information can help further to distinguish different models . ', 'The recent data on the @xmath0dijet excess reported by CDF may be interpreted as the production of a new particle with a mass of about 150 GeV, which decays into two hadron jets. The excess can be explained by colored scalar bosons with tree-level renormalizable Yukawa couplings with two quarks, such as @xmath2, @xmath3, @xmath4, and @xmath5.', 7)
(' the asymmetric spin - orbit interactions play a crucial role in realizing topological phases in noncentrosymmetric superconductor ( ncs ) .  we investigate the edge states and the vortex core states in the @xmath0-wave ncs with dresselhaus ( 110 ) spin - orbit coupling by both numerical and analytical methods .  in particular , we demonstrate that there exists a novel semimetal phase characterized by the flat andreev bound states in the phase diagram of the @xmath0-wave dresselhaus ncs which supports the emergence of majorana fermions .  the flat dispersion implies a peak in the density of states which has a clear experimental signature in the tunneling conductance measurements and the majorana fermions proposed here should be experimentally detectable . ', '  In noncentrosymmetric superconductors (NCSs), asymmetric spin-orbit interactions play a crucial role in realizing topological phases, including a novel semimetal phase with flat Andreev bound states that support the emergence of Majorana fermions. This phase can be experimentally detected through peak density of states and tunneling conductance measurements.', 7)
(' in this work , we consider a tight binding lattice with two non - hermitian impurities .  the system is described by a non - hermitian generalization of the aubry andre model .  we show for the first time that there exists topologically nontrivial edge states with real spectra in the @xmath0 symmetric region .     non - hermitian hamiltonian , @xmath0 symmetry , topological phase ', '  In this work, the authors investigate a tight binding lattice with two non-Hermitian impurities, which are described by a non-Hermitian generalization of the Aubry-Andre model. They demonstrate for the first time the existence of topologically nontrivial edge states with real spectra in the symmetric region, which is a novel feature of non-Hermitian systems.', 7)
(' the question of which two - qubit states are steerable ( i.e. permit a demonstration of epr - steering ) remains open . here  , a strong necessary condition is obtained for the steerability of two - qubit states having maximally - mixed reduced states , via the construction of local hidden state models .  it is conjectured that this condition is in fact sufficient .  two provably sufficient conditions are also obtained , via asymmetric epr - steering inequalities .  our work uses ideas from the quantum steering ellipsoid formalism , and explicitly evaluates the integral of @xmath0 over arbitrary unit hemispheres for any positive matrix @xmath1 . ', '  Two-qubit states are steerable if they allow for a demonstration of EPR steering, and a necessary condition for steerability is obtained through local hidden state models. It is conjectured that this condition is sufficient, and two provable sufficient conditions are obtained through asymmetric EPR steering inequalities.', 7)
(' although the generation of disoriented chiral condensates ( dccs ) , where the order parameter for chiral symmetry breaking is misaligned with respect to the vacuum direction in isospin state , is quite natural in the theory of strong interactions , they have so far eluded experiments in accelerators and cosmic rays .  if dccs are formed in high - energy nuclear collisions , the relevant outcome are very large event - by - event fluctuations in the neutral - to - charged pion fraction . in this note  we search for fingerprints of dcc formation in observables of ultra - high energy cosmic ray showers .  we present simulation results for the depth of the maximum ( @xmath0 ) and number of muons on the ground , evaluating their sensitivity to the neutral - to - charged pion fraction asymmetry produced in the primary interaction . ', '  Scientists have been unable to observe disoriented chiral condensates (DCCs) in experiments despite their theoretical predictions in strong interactions. DCCs occur when the order parameter for chiral symmetry breaking is misaligned with respect to the vacuum direction in isospin states, leading to large event-by-event fluctuations in the neutral-to-charged pion fraction.', 7)
(' we study the cool gas around a galaxy at @xmath0 using keck / lris spectroscopy of a bright ( @xmath1 ) background galaxy at @xmath2 at a transverse distance of @xmath3 kpc .  the background galaxy spectrum reveals strong , , , and absorption at the redshift of the foreground galaxy , with a @xmath4 rest equivalent width of @xmath5  , indicative of a velocity width exceeding @xmath6 .  because the background galaxy is large ( @xmath7 kpc ) , the high covering fraction of the absorbing gas suggests that it arises in a spatially extended complex of cool clouds with large velocity dispersion .  spectroscopy of the massive ( @xmath8 ) host galaxy reveals that it experienced a burst of star formation about 1 gyr ago and that it harbors a weak agn .  we discuss the possible origins of the cool gas in its halo , including multiphase cooling of hot halo gas , cold inflow , tidal interactions , and galactic winds .  we conclude the absorbing gas was most likely ejected or tidally stripped from the interstellar medium of the host galaxy or its progenitors during the past starburst event . adopting the latter interpretation  , these results place one of only a few constraints on the radial extent of cool gas driven or stripped from a galaxy in the distant universe .  future studies with integral field unit spectroscopy of spatially extended background galaxies will provide multiple sightlines through foreground absorbers and permit analysis of the morphology and kinematics of the gas surrounding galaxies with a diverse set of properties and environments . ', "Using Keck/LRIS spectroscopy of a bright background galaxy, researchers studied the cool gas around a foreground galaxy at a transverse distance of 3 kpc. The background galaxy's spectrum revealed strong absorption lines indicative of a velocity width exceeding 600 km/s, suggesting that the absorbing gas arises in a spatially extended complex of cool clouds with large velocity dispersion.", 7)
(' the last part of sps5 dealt with the circumstellar environment .  structures are indeed found around several types of massive stars , such as blue and red supergiants , as well as wrs and lbvs . as shown in the last years  , the potential of ir for their study is twofold : first , ir can help discover many previously unknown nebulae , leading to the identification of new massive stars as their progenitors ; second , ir can help characterize the nebular features . current and new ir facilities thus pave the way to a better understanding of the feedback from massive stars . ', 'The last part of SP5 discussed the circumstellar environment of massive stars, including blue and red supergiants, WRs, and LBVs. IR can help discover new nebulae and characterize their features, leading to a better understanding of the feedback from massive stars.', 7)
(' interval exchange maps are related to geodesic flows on translation surfaces ; they correspond to the first return maps of the vertical flow on a transverse segment .  the rauzy - veech induction on the space of interval exchange maps provides a powerful tool to analyze the teichmller geodesic flow on the moduli space of abelian differentials .  several major results have been proved using this renormalization .     danthony and nogueira introduced in @xmath0 a natural generalization of interval exchange transformations , namely the linear involutions .  these maps are related to general measured foliations on surfaces ( orientable or not ) . in this paper  we are interested by such maps related to geodesic flow on ( orientable ) flat surfaces with @xmath1 linear holonomy .  we relate geometry and dynamics of such maps to the combinatorics of generalized permutations .  we study an analogue of the rauzy - veech induction and give an efficient combinatorial characterization of its attractors .  we establish a natural bijection between the extended rauzy classes of generalized permutations and connected components of the strata of meromorphic quadratic differentials with at most simple poles , which allows , in particular , to classify the connected components of all exceptional strata . ', '  Interval exchange maps are related to geodesic flows on translation surfaces, and the Rauzy-Veech induction provides a powerful tool for analyzing the Teichmuller geodesic flow on the moduli space of abelian differentials. The paper generalizes interval exchange transformations to linear involutions, which are related to general measured foliations on surfaces, and studies the geometry and dynamics of these maps in relation to combinatorics of generalized permutations.', 7)
(' we investigate if consequential angular momentum losses ( caml ) or an intrinsic deformation of the donor star in cvs could increase the cv bounce period from the canonical theoretical value @xmath0 min to the observed value @xmath1 min , and if a variation of these effects in a cv population could wash out the theoretically predicted accumulation of systems near the minimum period ( the period spike ) .  we are able to construct suitably mixed cv model populations that a statisticial test can not rule out as the parent population of the observed cv sample .  however , the goodness of fit is never convincing , and always slightly worse than for a simple , flat period distribution . generally , the goodness of fit is much improved if all cvs are assumed to form at long orbital periods .  the weighting suggested by king , schenker & hameury ( 2002 ) does not constitute an improvment if a realistically shaped input period distribution is used .     binaries : close  stars : evolution  stars : mass - loss   novae , cataclysmic variables . ', '  The text discusses the possibility that the observed variation in the bounce period of close binary systems (CVs) could be due to either angular momentum losses or an intrinsic deformation of the donor star. The authors investigate whether these effects could increase the bounce period from the theoretical value and whether they could wash out the predicted accumulation of systems near the minimum period. They find that their mixed CV model populations can statistically match the observed sample, but the goodness of fit is never convincing and improves only slightly when assuming all CVs form at long orbital periods.', 7)
(' the nonlinear propagation of electromagnetic ( em ) electron - cyclotron waves ( whistlers ) along an external magnetic field , and their modulation by electrostatic small but finite amplitude ion - acoustic density perturbations are investigated in a uniform quantum plasma with intrinsic spin of electrons .  the effects of the quantum force associated with the bohm potential and the combined effects of the classical as well as the spin - induced ponderomotive forces ( cpf and spf respectively ) are taken into consideration .  the latter modify the local plasma density in a self - consistent manner .  the coupled modes of wave propagation is shown to be governed by a modified set of nonlinear schrdinger - boussinesq - like equations which admit exact solutions in form of stationary localized envelopes .  numerical simulation reveals the existence of large - scale density fluctuations that are self - consistently created by the localized whistlers in a strongly magnetized high density plasma .  the conditions for the modulational instability ( mi ) and the value of its growth rate are obtained .  possible applications of our results , e.g. , in strongly magnetized dense plasmas and in the next generation laser - solid density plasma interaction experiments are discussed . ', '  In a uniform quantum plasma, the nonlinear propagation of electromagnetic waves (whistlers) along an external magnetic field is investigated, along with their modulation by small amplitude ion-acoustic density perturbations. The effects of quantum forces and spin-induced ponderomotive forces on the wave propagation are considered, leading to the existence of large-scale density fluctuations that are self-consistently created by the localized whistlers.', 7)
(' we report on the results of a direct @xmath0-body simulation of a star cluster that started with @xmath1 , comprising @xmath2 single stars and @xmath3 primordial binaries .  the code used for the simulation includes stellar evolution , binary evolution , an external tidal field and the effects of two - body relaxation . the model cluster is evolved to @xmath4gyr , losing more than 80% of its stars in the process .  it reaches the end of the main core - collapse phase at @xmath5gyr and experiences core oscillations from that point onwards  direct numerical confirmation of this phenomenon  . however , we find that after a further @xmath6gyr the core oscillations are halted by the ejection of a massive binary comprised of two black holes from the core , producing a core that shows no signature of the prior core - collapse .  we also show that the results of previous studies with @xmath0 ranging from @xmath7 to @xmath8 scale well to this new model with larger @xmath0 . in particular , the timescale to core - collapse ( in units of the relaxation timescale ) , mass segregation , velocity dispersion , and the energies of the binary population all show similar behaviour at different @xmath0 .     [ firstpage ]    stars : evolution globular clusters : general galaxies : star clusters : general methods : numerical binaries : close stars : kinematics and dynamics ', '  A star cluster simulation was conducted using a direct @xmath0-body approach, starting with @xmath2 single stars and @xmath3 primordial binaries. The simulation evolved the model cluster for @xmath4gyr, resulting in the loss of over 80% of the initial stars, and reached the end of the main core-collapse phase at @xmath5gyr.', 7)
(' nuclear parton distribution functions ( npdfs ) are determined by global analyses of experimental data on structure - function ratios @xmath0 and drell - yan cross - section ratios @xmath1 .  the analyses are done in the leading order ( lo ) and next - to - leading order ( nlo ) of running coupling constant @xmath2 .  uncertainties of the npdfs are estimated in both lo and nlo for finding possible nlo improvement .  valence - quark distributions are well determined , and antiquark distributions are also determined at @xmath3 . however , the antiquark distributions have large uncertainties at @xmath4 .  gluon modifications can not be fixed at this stage .  although the advantage of the nlo analysis , in comparison with the lo one , is generally the sensitivity to the gluon distributions , gluon uncertainties are almost the same in the lo and nlo .  it is because current scaling - violation data are not accurate enough to determine precise nuclear gluon distributions .  modifications of the pdfs in the deuteron are also discussed by including data on the proton - deuteron ratio @xmath5 in the analysis .  a code is provided for calculating the npdfs and their uncertainties at given @xmath6 and @xmath7 in the lo and nlo . ', 'Nuclear parton distribution functions (npdfs) are determined by analyzing experimental data on structure-function ratios and cross-section ratios in leading order (lo) and next-to-leading order (nlo) of the running coupling constant. Uncertainties in the npdfs are estimated in both lo and nlo, and valence quark and antiquark distributions are well determined, but antiquark distributions have large uncertainties, particularly at high energies.', 7)
(' we study the thermodynamics of small black holes in compactified spacetimes of the form @xmath0 .  this system is analyzed with the aid of an effective field theory ( eft ) formalism in which the structure of the black hole is encoded in the coefficients of operators in an effective worldline lagrangian . in this effective theory  , there is a small parameter @xmath1 that characterizes the corrections to the thermodynamics due to both the non - linear nature of the gravitational action as well as effects arising from the finite size of the black hole . using the power counting of the eft  we show that the series expansion for the thermodynamic variables contains terms that are analytic in @xmath1 , as well as certain fractional powers that can be attributed to finite size operators .  in particular our operator analysis shows that existing analytical results do not probe effects coming from horizon deformation . as an example  , we work out the order @xmath2 corrections to the thermodynamics of small black holes for arbitrary @xmath3 , generalizing the results in the literature . ', 'Researchers study the thermodynamics of small black holes in compactified spacetimes using an effective field theory (EFT) formalism. The EFT encodes the structure of the black hole in coefficients of operators in an effective worldline Lagrangian, and a small parameter @xmath1 captures corrections to the thermodynamics due to non-linear gravity and finite size effects.', 7)
(' superscaling analysis of electroweak nuclear response functions is done for momentum transfer values from 300 to 700 mev / c .  some effects , absent in the relativistic fermi gas model , where the superscaling holds by construction , are considered . from the responses calculated for the @xmath0c , @xmath1o and @xmath2ca nuclei ,  we have extracted a theoretical universal superscaling function similar to that obtained from the experimental responses .  theoretical and empirical universal scaling functions have been used to calculate electron and neutrino cross sections .  these cross sections have been compared with those obtained with a complete calculation and , for the electron scattering case , with the experimental data . ', '  In a study on the electroweak nuclear response, researchers analyzed the superscaling of electroweak nuclear response functions for momentum transfer values from 300 to 700 MeV/c. They found that some effects not present in the relativistic Fermi gas model, where superscaling holds by construction, were observed in the responses calculated for certain nuclei.', 7)
(' we present new , high resolution , infrared spectra of the t dwarf gliese 229b in the @xmath0 , @xmath1 , and @xmath2 bandpasses .  we analyze each of these as well as previously published spectra to determine its metallicity and the abundances of nh@xmath3 and co in terms of the surface gravity of gl 229b , which remains poorly constrained  . the metallicity increases with increasing gravity and is below the solar value unless gl 229b is a high - gravity brown dwarf with @xmath4 .  the nh@xmath3 abundance is determined from both the @xmath1 and the @xmath2 band spectra which probe two different levels in the atmosphere .  we find that the abundance from the @xmath2 band data is well below that expected from chemical equilibrium , which we interpret as strong evidence for dynamical transport of nh@xmath3 in the atmosphere .  this is consistent with the previous detection of co and provides additional constraints on the dynamics of the atmosphere of this t dwarf .     # 1 10^#1 # 1 # 1(#1_1,   ,#1_n ) # 1d#1_1  d#1_n 1nu^n_1 # 1#1 _ 0 2h2 _ 2 _ # 1#2 # 1_k_#1 # 1 ', 'The authors present new high-resolution infrared spectra of the T dwarf GJ 229B in the X-band, Y-band, and K-band passbands, and analyze them to determine the metallicity and abundances of NH3 and CO in the atmosphere of GJ 229B. The metallicity increases with increasing surface gravity, but the abundance of NH3 in the @xmath2 band data is well below what is expected from chemical equilibrium, suggesting strong dynamical transport of NH3 in the atmosphere.', 7)
(' system of a d - brane in bosonic string theory on a constant @xmath0 field background is studied in order to obtain further insight into the bulk - boundary duality .  boundary states which describe arbitrary numbers of open - string tachyons and gluons are given .  uv behaviors of field theories on the non - commutative world - volume are investigated by using these states .  we take zero - slope limits of generating functions of one - loop amplitudes of gluons ( and open - string tachyons ) in which the region of the small open - string proper time is magnified .  existence of @xmath0 field allows the limits to be slightly different from the standard field theory limits of closed - string .  they enable us to capture world - volume theories at a trans - string scale . in this limit  the generating functions are shown to be factorized by two curved open wilson lines ( and their analogues ) and become integrals on the space of paths with a gaussian distribution around straight lines .  these indicate a possibility that field theories on the non - commutative world - volume are topological at such a trans - string scale .  we also give a proof of the dhar - kitazawa conjecture by making an explicit correspondence between the closed - string states and the paths .  momentum eigenstates of closed - string or momentum loops also play an important role in these analyses .     mifp-02 - 09 + ou - het 418 + hep - th/0211232 + november 2002    * open wilson lines as states of closed string * + koichi murakami +    toshio nakatsu +    [ section ]    [ section ] [ section ] [ section ] [ section ] [ section ] ', '  In this paper, the authors study the behavior of field theories on a non-commutative world volume in the context of bosonic string theory. They use boundary states to investigate the UV behaviors of these theories and show that they can be factorized into curved open Wilson lines, which indicate a possibility of topological nature of field theories at a trans-string scale.', 7)
(' we have investigated the efficiency of pulsed raman sideband cooling in the presence of multiple decay and excitation channels . by applying sum rules we identify parameter regimes in which multiple scattering of photons can be described by an effective wave vector . using this method we determine the rate of heating caused by optical pumping inside and outside the lamb - dicke regime . on this basis  we discuss also the efficiency of a recently proposed scheme for ground - state cooling outside the lamb - dicke regime [ g. morigi , j.i .  cirac , m. lewenstein , and p. zoller , europhys . lett . * 39 * , 13 ( 1997 ) ] . ', '  In a study published in Europhysics Letters in 1997, researchers investigated the efficiency of pulsed Raman sideband cooling in the presence of multiple decay and excitation channels. They used sum rules to identify parameter regimes in which multiple scattering of photons can be described by an effective wave vector, and determined the rate of heating caused by optical pumping inside and outside the Lamb-Dicke regime.', 7)
(" methods are set forth for determining the hadron electromagnetic structure in the sub-@xmath0-threshold timelike region of the virtual - photon `` mass '' and for investigating the nucleon weak structure in the spacelike region from experimental data on the process @xmath1 at low energies .  these methods are formulated using the unified description of photoproduction , electroproduction , and inverse electroproduction of pions in the first resonance region in the framework of the dispersion - relation model and on the basis of the model - independent properties of inverse electroproduction .  applications of these methods are also shown . ", '  Researchers have developed methods to determine the electromagnetic structure of hadrons (particles made up of quarks) in the sub-threshold region of virtual photons, which are used to study the weak structure of nucleons (protons and neutrons) in the spacelike region. These methods are based on a unified description of photoproduction, electroproduction, and inverse electroproduction of pions in the first resonance region, and use the dispersion relation model and model-independent properties of inverse electroproduction.', 7)
(' there is general agreement that the misataquwa equations should describe the motion of a  small body " in general relativity , taking into account the leading order self - force effects .  however , previous derivations of these equations have made a number of ad hoc assumptions and/or contain a number of unsatisfactory features .  for example , all previous derivations have invoked , without proper justification , the step of `` lorenz gauge relaxation \'\' , wherein the linearized einstein equation is written down in the form appropriate to the lorenz gauge , but the lorenz gauge condition is then not imposed  thereby making the resulting equations for the metric perturbation inequivalent to the linearized einstein equations .  ( such a `` relaxation \'\' of the linearized einstein equations is essential in order to avoid the conclusion that `` point particles \'\' move on geodesics . ) in this paper , we analyze the issue of `` particle motion \'\' in general relativity in a systematic and rigorous way by considering a one - parameter family of metrics , @xmath0 , corresponding to having a body ( or black hole ) that is `` scaled down \'\' to zero size and mass in an appropriate manner .  we prove that the limiting worldline of such a one - parameter family must be a geodesic of the background metric , @xmath1 .  gravitational self - force  as well as the force due to coupling of the spin of the body to curvature  then arises as a first - order perturbative correction in @xmath2 to this worldline .  no assumptions are made in our analysis apart from the smoothness and limit properties of the one - parameter family of metrics , @xmath0 .  our approach should provide a framework for systematically calculating higher order corrections to gravitational self - force , including higher multipole effects , although we do not attempt to go beyond first order calculations here . the status of the misataquwa equations is explained . ', '  In this paper, the authors analyze the motion of small bodies in general relativity by considering a one-parameter family of metrics that represents a body (or black hole) scaled down to zero size and mass. They prove that the limiting worldline of this family must be a geodesic of the background metric, and show that gravitational self-force and spin-curvature force arise as first-order perturbative corrections to this worldline.', 7)
(' we derive the schwinger - dyson equations for the @xmath0 yang - mills theory in the maximal abelian gauge and solve them in the infrared asymptotic region .  we find that the infrared asymptotic solutions for the gluon and ghost propagators are consistent with the hypothesis of abelian dominance . ', '  In the Yang-Mills theory, the Schwinger-Dyson equations are derived in the maximal Abelian gauge and solved in the infrared region. The solutions for the gluon and ghost propagators are found to be consistent with the hypothesis of Abelian dominance, which suggests that the theory is well-approximated by an Abelian gauge theory in the infrared region.', 7)
(' transport measurements are presented on a quantum ring that is tunnel - coupled to a quantum dot .  when the dot is in the coulomb blockade regime , but strongly coupled to the open ring , fano line shapes are observed in the current through the ring , when the electron number in the dot changes by one .  the symmetry of the fano resonances is found to depend on the magnetic flux penetrating the area of the ring and on the strength of the ring  dot coupling . at temperatures above t=0.65k  the fano effect disappears while the aharonov   bohm interference in the ring persists up to t=4.2k .  good agreement is found between these experimental observations and a single - channel scattering matrix model including decoherence in the dot . ', "  A quantum ring is coupled to a quantum dot through tunneling, and the current through the ring is observed to exhibit Fano line shapes when the dot's electron number changes by one. The symmetry of the Fano resonances depends on the magnetic flux and the strength of the ring-dot coupling, and the effect disappears at high temperatures while the Aharonov-Bohm interference persists.", 7)
(' the analysis of the recent charged - current neutrino - nucleus scattering cross sections measured by the argoneut collaboration requires relativistic theoretical descriptions also accounting for the role of final - state interactions . in this work ,  we evaluate differential neutrino - nucleus cross sections with the relativistic green s function model , where final - state interactions are described in the inclusive scattering consistently with the exclusive scattering using a complex optical potential .  the sensitivity to the parameterization adopted for the phenomenological optical potential is discussed .  the predictions of the relativistic green s function model are compared with the results of different descriptions of final - state interactions . ', "  The Argonne collaboration has measured charged-current neutrino-nucleus scattering cross sections and found that they require relativistic theoretical descriptions that account for final-state interactions. The collaboration used the relativistic Green's function model, which includes final-state interactions in both exclusive and inclusive scattering, and compared its predictions with those of different descriptions of final-state interactions.", 7)
(' we present three searches for new particles at cdf . first , using 70 pb@xmath0 of data we search the dijet mass spectrum for resonances .  there is an upward fluctuation near 550 gev / c@xmath1 ( 2.6@xmath2 ) with an angular distribution that is adequately described by either qcd alone or qcd plus 5% signal .  there is insufficient evidence to claim a signal , but we set the most stringent mass limits on the hadronic decays of axigluons , excited quarks , technirhos , w@xmath3 , z@xmath3 , and e6 diquarks .  second , using 19 pb@xmath0 of data we search the b - tagged dijet mass spectrum for @xmath4 resonances .  again , an upward fluctuation near 600 gev / c@xmath1 ( 2 @xmath2 ) is not significant enough to claim a signal , so we set the first mass limits on topcolor bosons . finally , using 67 pb@xmath0 of data we search the top quark sample for @xmath5 resonances like a topcolor @xmath6 .  other than an insignificant shoulder of 6 events on a background of 2.4 in the mass region 475 - 550 gev / c@xmath1 , there is no evidence for new particle production .  mass limits , currently in progress , should be sensitive to a topcolor z@xmath3 near 600 gev / c@xmath1 . in all three searches  there is insufficient evidence to claim new particle production , yet there is an exciting possibility that the upward fluctuations are the first signs of new physics beyond the standard model .     fermilab - conf-95/152-e + cdf / pub / exotic / public/3192 +   +    * search for new particles decaying to dijets , + @xmath4 , and @xmath5 at cdf + * _ fermilab ms 318 + batavia , il 60510 + _ ', 'The CDF experiment presents three searches for new particles using 70 pb of data, setting limits on the hadronic decays of axigluons, excited quarks, technirhos, W, Z, and e6 diquarks. The searches also look for resonances in the b-tagged dijet mass spectrum and top quark sample, but no evidence for new particle production is found.', 7)
(' ergodic homeomorphisms @xmath0 and @xmath1 of polish probability spaces @xmath2 and @xmath3 are _ evenly kakutani equivalent _ if there is an orbit equivalence @xmath4 between full measure subsets of @xmath2 and @xmath3 such that , for some @xmath5 of positive measure , @xmath6 restricts to a measurable isomorphism of the induced systems @xmath7 and @xmath8 .  the study of even kakutani equivalence dates back to the seventies , and it is well known that any two zero - entropy loosely bernoulli systems are evenly kakutani equivalent . but even kakutani equivalence is a purely measurable relation , while systems such as the morse minimal system are both measurable and topological .     recently del junco , rudolph and weiss studied a new relation called _ nearly continuous kakutani equivalence_. a nearly continuous kakutani equivalence is an even kakutani equivalence where also @xmath9 and @xmath10 are invariant @xmath11 sets , @xmath12 is within measure zero of both open and closed , and @xmath6 is a homeomorphism from @xmath9 to @xmath10 .  it is known that nearly continuous kakutani equivalence is strictly stronger than even kakutani equivalence , and nearly continuous kakutani equivalence is the natural strengthening of even kakutani equivalence to the _ nearly continuous _ category  the category where maps are continuous after sets of measure zero are removed . in this paper we show that the morse minimal substitution system is nearly continuously kakutani equivalent to the binary odometer . ', '  Two mathematical systems, @xmath0 and @xmath1, are evenly Kakutani equivalent if there is an orbit equivalence between full measure subsets of @xmath2 and @xmath3, such that one of the systems restricts to a measurable isomorphism of the induced systems. This relationship is purely measurable, but there are stronger forms of equivalence, such as nearly continuous Kakutani equivalence, which is the natural strengthening of even Kakutani equivalence to the nearly continuous category.In this paper, it is shown that the Morse minimal substitution system is nearly continuously Kakutani equivalent to the binary odometer. This means that these two systems have similar properties and behaviors, despite being different in terms of their topological and measurable structures.', 7)
(' we used the magneto - dipole radiation mechanism for the braking of radio pulsars to calculate the new values of magnetic inductions at the surfaces of neutron stars . for this aim  we estimated the angles @xmath0 between the rotation axis and the magnetic moment of the neutron star for 376 radio pulsars using three different methods .  it was shown that there was the predominance of small inclinations of the magnetic axes . using the obtained values of the angle @xmath0 we calculated the equatorial magnetic inductions for pulsars considered .  these inductions are several times higher as a rule than corresponding values in the known catalogs .     * keywords * magnetic fields ; methods : data analysis ; methods : statistical ; _ ( stars : ) _ pulsars : general ', '  Scientists used the magneto-dipole radiation mechanism to calculate new values of magnetic inductions on the surfaces of neutron stars by analyzing the angles between the rotation axis and magnetic moment of 376 radio pulsars. They found that the magnetic axes of the neutron stars were inclined at small angles, resulting in higher equatorial magnetic inductions than previously thought.', 7)
(' the scattering processes of exotic atoms in excited states from hydrogen such as elastic scattering , stark transitions and coulomb de - excitation are studied within a close coupling approach .  the vacuum polarization and the strong interaction shifts of @xmath0-states ( in case of hadronic atoms ) are taken into account .  the differential and integral cross sections of the above processes are calculated to use them as the input in cascade calculations .  the effect of closed channels on the scattering processes is investigated .    * scattering processes of excited exotic atoms : close - coupling approach * + _ institute of nuclear physics , moscow state university , 119992 moscow , russia@xmath1 institution1 _ ', '  In a study on the scattering processes of excited exotic atoms, the close-coupling approach is used to investigate elastic scattering, Stark transitions, and Coulomb de-excitation. The vacuum polarization and strong interaction shifts of @xmath0-states are taken into account, and the differential and integral cross sections are calculated for use in cascade calculations.', 7)
(' in the @xmath0-@xmath1vc problem , we are given an undirected graph @xmath2 with edge costs and an integer @xmath0 ; the goal is to find a minimum - cost 2-vertex - connected subgraph of @xmath2 containing at least @xmath0 vertices .  a slightly more general version is obtained if the input also specifies a subset @xmath3 of _ terminals _ and the goal is to find a subgraph containing at least @xmath0 terminals .  closely related to the @xmath0-@xmath1vc problem , and in fact a special case of it , is the @xmath0-@xmath1ec problem , in which the goal is to find a minimum - cost 2-edge - connected subgraph containing @xmath0 vertices .  the @xmath0-@xmath1ec problem was introduced by lau _  et al . _   @xcite , who also gave a poly - logarithmic approximation for it .  no previous approximation algorithm was known for the more general @xmath0-@xmath1vc problem .  we describe an @xmath4 approximation for the @xmath0-@xmath1vc problem . ', 'The @xmath0-@xmath1vc problem involves finding a minimum-cost 2-vertex-connected subgraph of an undirected graph @xmath2 with edge costs, containing at least @xmath0 vertices. This problem is closely related to the @xmath0-@xmath1ec problem, which is a special case of it and involves finding a minimum-cost 2-edge-connected subgraph containing @xmath0 vertices.', 7)
(' we study the corrections to higgs physics in a model of a single warped extra dimension with all fields except the higgs in the bulk , and a gauge symmetry extended to @xmath0 .  we find that generically the higgs coupling to electroweak gauge boson pairs is suppressed , the coupling to gluons is enhanced , and the coupling to photons is often suppressed , but can be enhanced . ', '  In a model of a single warped extra dimension with all fields except the Higgs in the bulk, the Higgs coupling to electroweak gauge boson pairs is generally suppressed, while its coupling to gluons is enhanced. However, the Higgs coupling to photons can be either suppressed or enhanced depending on the specific model.', 7)
(' in the population synthesis simulations of pop iii stars , many bh ( black hole)-bh binaries with merger time less than the age of the universe @xmath0 are formed , while ns ( neutron star)-bh binaries are not .  the reason is that pop iii stars have no metal so that no mass loss is expected .  then , in the final supernova explosion to ns , much mass is lost so that the semi major axis becomes too large for pop iii ns - bh binaries to merge within @xmath1 .  however it is almost established that the kick velocity of the order of @xmath2 exists for ns from the observation of the proper motion of the pulsar .  therefore , the semi major axis of the half of ns - bh binaries can be smaller than that of the previous argument for pop iii ns - bh binaries to decrease the merging time .  we perform population synthesis monte carlo simulations of pop iii ns - bh binaries including the kick of ns and find that the event rate of pop iii ns - bh merger rate is @xmath3 .  this suggests that there is a good chance of the detection of pop iii ns - bh mergers in o2 of advanced ligo and advanced virgo from this autumn . ', 'In population synthesis simulations of Pop III stars, many black hole-black hole binaries with a merger time less than the age of the universe are formed, while neutron star-black hole binaries are not due to the lack of metals in Pop III stars. However, including the kick velocity of neutron stars from supernovae observations, the semi-major axis of half of the neutron star-black hole binaries can be smaller than previously thought, which could decrease the merging time and increase the event rate of Pop III NS-BH mergers detectable by LIGO and Virgo.', 7)
(' suppose that a lattice gas of constant density , described by the symmetric simple exclusion process , is brought in contact with a  target " : a spherical absorber of radius @xmath0 .  employing the macroscopic fluctuation theory ( mft ) , we evaluate the probability @xmath1 that no gas particle hits the target until a long but finite time @xmath2 .  we also find the most likely gas density history conditional on the non - hitting .  the results depend on the dimension of space @xmath3 and on the rescaled parameter @xmath4 , where @xmath5 is the gas diffusivity . for small @xmath6 and @xmath7 ,  @xmath1 is determined by an exact stationary solution of the mft equations that we find . for large @xmath6 , and for any @xmath6 in one dimension , the relevant mft solutions are non - stationary . in this case  @xmath8 scales differently with relevant parameters , and it also depends on whether the initial condition is random or deterministic  . the latter effects also occur if the lattice gas is composed of non - interacting random walkers .  finally , we extend the formalism to a whole class of diffusive gases of interacting particles . ', '  In a lattice gas of constant density, the probability of no gas particles hitting a target sphere over a long time is evaluated using the macroscopic fluctuation theory (MFT). The results depend on the dimension of space and the rescaled parameter, which affects the non-hitting probability in small and large systems.', 7)
(' we present a new assessment of the ability of infrared dark clouds ( irdcs ) to form massive stars and clusters .  this is done by comparison with an empirical mass - size threshold for massive star formation ( msf ) .  we establish @xmath0 as a novel approximate msf limit , based on clouds with and without msf .  many irdcs , if not most , fall short of this threshold . without significant evolution ,  such clouds are unlikely msf candidates .  this provides a first quantitative assessment of the small number of irdcs evolving towards msf .  irdcs below this limit might still form stars and clusters of up to intermediate mass , though ( like , e.g. , the ophiuchus and perseus molecular clouds ) .  nevertheless , a major fraction of the mass contained in irdcs might reside in few @xmath1 clouds sustaining msf . ', 'Infrared dark clouds (IRDCs) are assessed for their ability to form massive stars and clusters using an empirical mass-size threshold for massive star formation (MSF). The study establishes a novel approximate MSF limit, @xmath0, based on clouds with and without MSF, and finds that many IRCs fall short of this threshold, making them unlikely to form massive stars without significant evolution.', 7)
(' recent discussion on the possibility to obtain more stringent bounds on neutrino magnetic moment has stimulated new interest to possible effects induced by neutrino magnetic moment .  in particular , in this note after a short review on neutrino magnetic moment we re - examine the effect of plasmon mass on neutrino spin light radiation in dense matter .  we track the entry of the plasmon mass quantity in process characteristics and found out that the most substantial role it plays is the formation of the process threshold .  it is shown that far from this point the plasmon mass can be omitted in all the corresponding physical quantities and one can rely on the results of massless photon spin light radiation theory in matter .     [ 1999/12/01 v1.4c il nuovo cimento ] ', 'Recent discussions on obtaining tighter bounds on neutrino magnetic moments have renewed interest in the effects of neutrino magnetic moments on spin light radiation in dense matter. In this note, we review the neutrino magnetic moment and examine how the mass of plasmons affects the process threshold for spin light radiation in dense matter, finding that the plasmon mass plays a significant role in the formation of the process threshold but can be omitted in the physical quantities far from the threshold.', 7)
(' we formulate a general scheme to improve the truncated perturbative expansion in @xmath0 by means of the renormalization group in qcd for the single - scale quantities .  the procedure is used for the evaluation of hadronic decay rates of @xmath1-lepton and @xmath2-charmonium .  the scale dependence of result for @xmath2 is studied in the scheme of fixed value for the @xmath3-mass of charmed quark .     = -1 cm = -2 cm ', 'Researchers have developed a scheme to improve the truncated perturbative expansion in QCD for single-scale quantities, which is used to evaluate hadronic decay rates of leptons and charmonsium. The scale dependence of the results for charm quark mass fixed at -2 cm is studied using this scheme.', 7)
(' we test the recent claim by hu et al .  ( 2008 ) that feii emission in type 1 agn shows a systematic redshift relative to the local source rest frame and broad - line h@xmath0 .  we compile high s / n median composites using sdss spectra from both the hu et al . sample and our own sample of the 469 brightest dr5 spectra .  our composites are generated in bins of fwhm h@xmath0 and feii strength as defined in our 4d eigenvector 1 ( 4de1 ) formalism .  we find no evidence for a systematic feii redshift and consistency with previous assumptions that feii shift and width ( fwhm ) follow h@xmath0 shift and fwhm in virtually all sources .  this result is consistent with the hypothesis that feii emission ( quasi - ubiquitous in type 1 sources ) arises from a broad - line region with geometry and kinematics the same as that producing the balmer lines . ', 'The authors test the claim by Hu et al. (2008) that FeII emission in Type 1 AGN shows a systematic redshift relative to the local source rest frame and broad-line Hα. They compile high S/N median composites using SDSS spectra from both the Hu et al. sample and their own sample of the brightest DR5 spectra, and find no evidence for a systematic FeII redshift, consistent with previous assumptions that FeII shift and width follow Hα shift and width in virtually all sources.', 7)
(' we define the anti - forcing number of a perfect matching @xmath0 of a graph @xmath1 as the minimal number of edges of @xmath1 whose deletion results in a subgraph with a unique perfect matching @xmath0 , denoted by @xmath2 .  the anti - forcing number of a graph proposed by vukievi and trinajsti in kekul structures of molecular graphs is in fact the minimum anti - forcing number of perfect matchings . for plane bipartite graph @xmath1 with a perfect matching @xmath0  , we obtain a minimax result : @xmath2 equals the maximal number of @xmath0-alternating cycles of @xmath1 where any two either are disjoint or intersect only at edges in @xmath0 . for a hexagonal system @xmath3 , we show that the maximum anti - forcing number of @xmath3 equals the fries number of @xmath3 . as a consequence  , we have that the fries number of @xmath3 is between the clar number of @xmath3 and twice .  further , some extremal graphs are discussed .     * keywords : * graph ; hexagonal system ; perfect matching ; forcing number ; anti - forcing number ; fries number . ', 'The anti-forcing number of a perfect matching in a graph is the minimum number of edges that can be deleted to produce a subgraph with a unique perfect matching. The anti-forcing number of a graph proposed by Vukievi and Trinajsti in the context of molecular graphs is the minimum anti-forcing number of perfect matchings, and it can be calculated by finding the maximum number of alternating cycles in the graph that intersect the perfect matching in a specific way.', 7)
(' we have presented dynamic phase transition features and stationary - state behavior of a ferrimagnetic small nanoparticle system with a core - shell structure . by means of detailed monte carlo simulations , a complete picture of the phase diagrams and magnetization profiles have been presented and the conditions for the occurrence of a compensation point @xmath0 in the system have been investigated . according to nel nomenclature , the magnetization curves of the particle have been found to obey p - type , n - type and q - type classification schemes under certain conditions .  much effort has been devoted to investigation of hysteretic response of the particle and we observed the existence of triple hysteresis loop behavior which originates from the existence of a weak ferromagnetic core coupling @xmath1 , as well as a strong antiferromagnetic interface exchange interaction @xmath2 .  most of the calculations have been performed for a particle in the presence of oscillating fields of very high frequencies and high amplitudes in comparison with exchange interactions which resembles a magnetic system under the influence of ultrafast switching fields .  particular attention has also been paid on the influence of the particle size on the thermal and magnetic properties , as well as magnetic features such as coercivity , remanence and compensation temperature of the particle .  we have found that in the presence of ultrafast switching fields , the particle may exhibit a dynamic phase transition from paramagnetic to a dynamically ordered phase with increasing ferromagnetic shell thickness . ', "  In a study using Monte Carlo simulations, the dynamic phase transition and stationary state behavior of a ferrimagnetic nanoparticle with a core-shell structure were investigated. The simulations revealed the existence of a compensation point in the system and the particle's magnetization curves were found to obey different classification schemes under certain conditions.", 7)
(' the microcanonical multifragmentation model from [ al .  h. raduta and ad .  r. raduta , phys .  rev .  c * 55 * , 1344 ( 1997 ) ; * 56 * , 2059 ( 1997 ) ; * 59 * , 323 ( 1999 ) ] is refined and improved by taking into account the experimental discrete levels for fragments with @xmath0 and by including the stage of sequential decay of the primary excited fragments . the caloric curve is reevaluated and the heat capacity at constant volume curve is represented as a function of excitation energy and temperature .  the sequence of equilibrated sources formed in the reactions studied by the aladin group ( @xmath1au+@xmath1au at 600 , 800 and 1000 mev / nucleon bombarding energy ) is deduced by fitting simultaneously the model predicted mean multiplicity of intermediate mass fragments ( @xmath2 ) and charge asymmetry of the two largest fragments ( @xmath3 ) versus bound charge ( @xmath4 ) on the corresponding experimental data .  calculated heli isotopic temperature curves as a function of the bound charge are compared with the experimentally deduced ones . ', '  The microcanonical multifragmentation model is refined to include experimental discrete levels for fragments and the sequential decay of primary excited fragments. The model is used to fit experimental data on intermediate mass fragments and charge asymmetry of the largest fragments, and the resulting helium isotopic temperature curves are compared to experimentally deduced ones.', 7)
(' the ladder theory , in which the bethe - goldstone equation for the effective potential between two scattering particles plays a central role , is well known for its satisfactory description of the short - range correlations in the homogeneous electron liquid . by solving exactly the bethe - goldstone equation in the limit of large transfer momentum between two scattering particles ,  we obtain accurate results for the on - top pair - correlation density @xmath0 , in both three dimensions and two dimensions .  furthermore , we prove , in general , the ladder theory satisfies the cusp condition for the pair - correlation density @xmath1 at zero distance @xmath2 . ', '  The Ladder Theory, which uses the Bethe-Goldstone equation to describe the effective potential between scattering particles, is successful in modeling short-range correlations in homogeneous electron liquids. By solving the Bethe-Goldstone equation with large transfer momentum, accurate results for the on-top pair correlation density can be obtained in both three and two dimensions.', 7)
(" it is well known that the late - time behaviour of gravitational collapse is _ dominated _ by an inverse power - law decaying tail .  we calculate _ higher - order corrections _ to this power - law behaviour in a spherically symmetric gravitational collapse .  the dominant `` contamination '' is shown to die off at late times as @xmath0 .  this decay rate is much _ slower _ than has been considered so far .  it implies , for instance , that an ` exact ' ( numerical ) determination of the power index to within @xmath1 requires extremely long integration times of order @xmath2 .  we show that the leading order fingerprint of the black - hole electric _ charge _ is of order @xmath3 . ", '  In a spherically symmetric gravitational collapse, the late-time behavior is dominated by an inverse power-law decaying tail, with a slower decay rate than previously thought. The dominant "contamination" decays at late times as $xmath0$, requiring extremely long integration times to determine the power index to within $xmath1$.', 7)
(' it is shown that fractional derivatives of the ( integrated ) invariant measure of the feigenbaum map at the onset of chaos have power - law tails in their cumulative distributions , whose exponents can be related to the spectrum of singularities @xmath0 .  this is a new way of characterizing multifractality in dynamical systems , so far applied only to multifractal random functions ( frisch and matsumoto ( _ j .   stat .   phys . _ * 108*:1181 , 2002 ) ) .  the relation between the thermodynamic approach ( vul , sinai and khanin ( _ russian math .   surveys _ * 39*:1 , 1984 ) ) and that based on singularities of the invariant measures is also examined .  the theory for fractional derivatives is developed from a heuristic point view and tested by very accurate simulations .    _  j.  stat .  phys . in press _     * keywords : * chaotic dynamics , multifractals , thermodynamic formalism . ', 'Fractional derivatives of the invariant measure of the Feigenbaum map at the onset of chaos have power-law tails in their cumulative distributions, whose exponents are related to the spectrum of singularities. This work presents a new approach to characterizing multifractality in dynamical systems, which has been applied only to multifractal random functions until now, and examines the relation between this approach and the thermodynamic formalism.', 7)
(" this study presents miscellaneous properties of pseudo - factorials , which are numbers whose recurrence relation is a twisted form of that of usual factorials .  these numbers are associated with special elliptic functions , most notably , a dixonian and a weierstra function , which parametrize the fermat cubic curve and are relative to a hexagonal lattice .  a continued fraction expansion of the ordinary generating function of pseudo - factorials , first discovered empirically , is established here .  this article also provides a characterization of the associated orthogonal polynomials , which appear to form a new family of `` elliptic polynomials '' , as well as various other properties of pseudo - factorials , including a hexagonal lattice sum expression and elementary congruences . ", 'Pseudo-factorials are numbers with a twisted recurrence relation similar to factorials, and they are associated with special elliptic functions, including a Dixonian and a Weierstrass function. The article establishes a continued fraction expansion of the ordinary generating function of pseudo-factorials and provides a characterization of the associated orthogonal polynomials, which form a new family of "elliptic polynomials."', 7)
(' we present observations of the 5@xmath04@xmath1 transition of water vapor _ at 325.15 ghz _ taken with the cso telescope towards orion irc2 .  the emission is more extended than that of other molecular species such as ch@xmath2oh .  however , it is much less extended than the emission of water vapor at 183.31 ghz reported by cernicharo et al ( 1994 ) .  a comparison of the line intensities at 325.15 ghz and 183.31 ghz puts useful constraints on the density and temperature of the emitting regions and allows an estimate of h@xmath3o abundance , x(h@xmath3o ) , of @xmath410@xmath5 in the plateau and @xmath410@xmath6 - 10@xmath7 in the ridge .     21.75 cm -0.5 cm = 20pt      ism : molecules  ism : individual ( orion irc2 )  line : profiles  masers  radio lines : ism  submillimeter ', '  The text describes observations of water vapor emission at 325.15 GHz towards Orion IRC2, with the CSO telescope. The emission is more extended than that of other molecular species, but less extended than at 183.31 GHz reported by Cernicharo et al. (1994). The line intensities at 325.15 GHz and 183.31 GHz are used to constrain the density and temperature of the emitting regions and estimate the abundance of H2O molecules.', 7)
(' the majority of active galactic nuclei ( agn ) observed by _ xmm - newton _ reveal narrow fe  k@xmath0 lines at @xmath1  6.4  kev , due to emission from cold ( neutral ) material . there is an x - ray baldwin effect in type i agn , in that the equivalent width of the line decreases with increasing luminosity , with weighted linear regression giving ew  @xmath2  l@xmath3 ( spearman rank probability of @xmath4  99.9  per  cent ) . with current instrumental capabilities  it is not possible to determine the precise origin for the narrow line , with both the broad line region and putative molecular torus being possibilities .  a possible explanation for the x - ray baldwin effect is a decrease in covering factor of the material forming the fluorescence line .     [ firstpage ]    galaxies : active  x - rays : galaxies  quasars : emission lines ', '  Active galactic nuclei (AGN) observed by XMM-Newton reveal narrow Fe K lines at 6.4 keV, likely due to emission from cold (neutral) material. The X-ray Baldwin effect is observed in Type I AGN, where the equivalent width of the line decreases with increasing luminosity, with a weighted linear regression giving EW @xmath2 l@xmath3 (Spearman rank probability of @xmath4 99.9%).', 7)
(' we report on a simple and robust technique to generate a dispersive signal which serves as an error signal to electronically stabilize a monomode cw laser emitting around an atomic resonance .  we explore nonlinear effects in the laser beam propagation through a resonant vapor by way of spatial filtering .  the performance of this technique is validated by locking semiconductor lasers to the cesium and rubidium @xmath0 line and observing long - term reduction of the emission frequency drifts , making the laser well adapted for many atomic physics applications . ', 'Researchers have developed a simple and robust technique to generate a dispersive signal that stabilizes a monomode cw laser emitting around an atomic resonance. By using nonlinear effects in the laser beam propagation through a resonant vapor, the technique validates the performance of locking semiconductor lasers to the cesium and rubidium @xmath0 line, resulting in long-term reduction of emission frequency drifts.', 7)
(' we consider a three - dimensional chaotic system consisting of the suspension of arnold s cat map coupled with a clock via a weak dissipative interaction . we show that the coupled system displays a synchronization phenomenon , in the sense that the relative phase between the suspension flow and the clock locks to a special value , thus making the motion fall onto a lower dimensional attractor .  more specifically , we construct the attractive invariant manifold , of dimension smaller than three , using a convergent perturbative expansion . moreover , we compute via convergent series the lyapunov exponents , including notably the central one .  the result generalizes a previous construction of the attractive invariant manifold in a similar but simpler model .  the main novelty of the current construction relies in the computation of the lyapunov spectrum , which consists of non - trivial analytic exponents .  some conjectures about a possible smoothening transition of the attractor as the coupling is increased are also discussed .    * _ keywords : _ * partially hyperbolic systems ; anosov systems ; synchronization ; phase - locking ; lyapunov exponents ; fractal attractor ; srb measure ; tree expansion ; perturbation theory . ', "  In this study, we investigate a three-dimensional chaotic system consisting of a suspension of Arnold's cat map coupled with a clock via a weak dissipative interaction. We show that the coupled system exhibits a synchronization phenomenon, where the relative phase between the suspension flow and the clock locks to a special value, resulting in a lower-dimensional attractor.", 7)
(' trace distance is available to capture the dynamical information of the unital aspect of a quantum process .  however , it can not reflect the non - unital part .  so , the non - divisibility originated from the non - unital aspect can not be revealed by the corresponding measure based on the trace distance .  we provide a measure of non - unital non - markovianity of quantum processes , which is a supplement to breuer - laine - piilo ( blp ) non - markovianity measure . a measure on the degree of the non - unitality  is also provided . ', "The trace distance measure can capture the dynamical information of a quantum process's unital aspect, but it cannot reveal the non-unital part. Therefore, a new measure of non-unital non-Markovianity, called the non-unital non-Markovianity measure, has been proposed to supplement the existing Breuer-Lane-Piilo (BLP) non-Markovianity measure.", 7)
(' the motion of free nearby test particles relative to a stable equatorial circular geodesic orbit about a kerr source is investigated .  it is shown that the nonlinear generalized jacobi equation can be transformed in this case to an autonomous form .  tidal dynamics beyond the critical speed @xmath0 is studied .  we show , in particular , that a free test particle vertically launched from the circular orbit parallel or antiparallel to the kerr rotation axis is tidally accelerated if its initial relative speed exceeds @xmath1 .  possible applications of our results to high - energy astrophysics are briefly mentioned . ', '  In this study, the motion of free nearby test particles near a stable equatorial circular geodesic orbit around a Kerr source is investigated. The nonlinear generalized Jacobi equation is transformed into an autonomous form, and the tidal dynamics of test particles beyond the critical speed are studied.', 7)
(' the thermodynamic and transport properties of the unitary fermi gas at finite temperature @xmath0 are governed by a quantum critical point at @xmath1 and zero density .  we compute the universal shear viscosity to entropy ratio @xmath2 in the high - temperature quantum critical regime @xmath3 and find that this strongly coupled quantum fluid comes close to perfect fluidity @xmath4 . using a controlled large-@xmath5 expansion  we show that already at the first non - trivial order the equation of state and the tan contact density @xmath6 agree well with the most recent experimental measurements and theoretical luttinger - ward and bold diagrammatic monte carlo calculations . ', 'The thermodynamic and transport properties of a unitary Fermi gas at finite temperature are governed by a quantum critical point at zero density. In the high-temperature quantum critical regime, the fluid exhibits strong coupling and comes close to perfect fluidity, as evidenced by a universal shear viscosity to entropy ratio that can be computed using a controlled large-order expansion.', 7)
(' we report on our calculations of the inner - sphere reorganization energy and the interaction of the @xmath0 orbitals within dna oligomers .  the exponential decrease of the electronic coupling between the highest and second highest occupied base orbitals of the intrastrand nucleobases in the ( a - t)@xmath1 and ( g - c)@xmath1 oligomers have been found with an increase of the sequence number @xmath2 in the dna structure . we conclude that for realistic estimation of the electronic coupling values between the nucleobases within the dna molecule , a dna chain containing at least four base pairs is required .  we estimate the geometry relaxation of the base pairs within the ( a - t)@xmath1 and ( g - c)@xmath1 oligomers ( @xmath3 ) due to their oxidation .  the decrease of the inner - sphere reorganization energy with elongation of the oligomer structure participating in the oxidation process have been observed .  the maximum degree of geometry relaxation of the nucleobase structures and correspondingly the higher charge density in the oxidized state are found to be located close to the oligomer center .     = 1.5truecm ', 'The electronic coupling between nucleobases in DNA oligomers decreases exponentially with increasing sequence number, with a minimum observed at four base pairs. The geometry of the base pairs within the oligomers relaxes due to oxidation, with the maximum degree of relaxation occurring near the oligomer center.', 7)
(' we report the observation and systematic investigation of the space charge effect and mirror charge effect in photoemission spectroscopy . when pulsed light is incident on a sample , the photoemitted electrons experience energy redistribution after escaping from the surface because of the coulomb interaction between them ( space charge effect ) and between photoemitted electrons and the distribution of mirror charges in the sample ( mirror charge effect ) .  these combined coulomb interaction effects give rise to an energy shift and a broadening which can be on the order of 10 mev for a typical third - generation synchrotron light source .  this value is comparable to many fundamental physical parameters actively studied by photoemission spectroscopy and should be taken seriously in interpreting photoemission data and in designing next generation experiments .     key words : space charge , mirror charge , photoemission , fermi level shift , fermi level broadening . ', '  In photoemission spectroscopy, the photoemitted electrons experience energy redistribution due to Coulomb interactions with each other (space charge effect) and with mirror charges in the sample, leading to an energy shift and broadening of the photoemission spectrum. The magnitude of these effects can be on the order of 10 eV for a typical third-generation synchrotron light source, which is comparable to many fundamental physical parameters studied in photoemission spectroscopy.', 7)
(' this report summarizes the progress in the study of higgs physics at a future linear electron positron collider at center - of - mass energies up to about 1000  gev and high luminosity . after the publication of the tesla technical design report  @xcite ,  an extended ecfa / desy study on linear collider physics and detectors was performed .  the paper summarizes the status of the studies with main emphasis on recent results obtained in the course of the workshop . ', '  A future linear electron positron collider is being studied to reach center-of-mass energies of up to 1000 GeV and high luminosity, with the goal of advancing the study of Higgs physics. An extended study on linear collider physics and detectors was conducted after the publication of the Tesla technical design report, with a focus on recent results obtained during a workshop.', 7)
(' we present the results of a new calculation of the photodisintegration of ultrahigh energy cosmic - ray ( uhcr ) nuclei in intergalactic space .  the critical interactions for energy loss and photodisintegration of uhcr nuclei occur with photons of the 2.73 k cosmic background radiation ( cbr ) and with photons of the infrared background radiation ( ibr ) .  we have reexamined this problem making use of a new determination of the ibr based on empirical data , primarily from iras galaxies , consistent with direct measurements and upper limits from tev @xmath0-ray observations .  we have also improved the calculation by including the specific threshold energies for the various photodisintegration interactions in our monte carlo calculation . with the new smaller ibr flux ,  the steepness of the wien side of the now relatively more important cbr makes their inclusion essential for more accurate results .  our results indicate a significant increase in the propagation time of uhcr nuclei of a given energy over previous results .  we discuss the possible significance of this for uhcr origin theory .     # 1#23.6pt ', 'Researchers have recalculated the photodisintegration of ultrahigh energy cosmic ray (UHCR) nuclei in intergalactic space, taking into account new determinations of the infrared background radiation (IBR) and including specific threshold energies for photodisintegration interactions in their Monte Carlo calculation. The results indicate a significant increase in the propagation time of UHCR nuclei of a given energy over previous results, which could have implications for UHCR origin theories.', 7)
(' we have calculated the nonlinear current of a number of single band s - wave electron - phonon superconductors . among issues considered were those of dimensionality , strong electron - phonon coupling , impurities , and comparison with bcs . for the case of two bands ,  particular attention is paid to the role of anisotropy , the integration effects of the off - diagonal electron - phonon interaction , as well as inter- and intraband impurities . for the specific case of mgb@xmath0 ,  we present results based on the known microscopic parameters of band theory . ', '  Researchers have calculated the nonlinear current of several single-band s-wave electron-phonon superconductors, considering factors such as dimensionality, strong electron-phonon coupling, impurities, and comparison with the Bardeen-Cooper-Schrieffer (BCS) theory. For the specific case of MgB2@xmath0, results were obtained using known microscopic parameters of band theory.', 7)
(' three disjoint rays in @xmath0 form _ borromean rays _ provided their union is knotted , but the union of any two components is unknotted .  we construct infinitely many borromean rays , uncountably many of which are pairwise inequivalent .  we obtain uncountably many borromean hyperplanes . ', '  In the text, it is shown that in @xMath0 form, three disjoint rays can form a knotted structure called Borromean rays, where the union of any two components is unknotted. The text also demonstrates the construction of infinitely many Borromean rays, of which a countably infinite number are pairwise inequivalent.', 7)
(' 1-nearest neighbor with the dynamic time warping ( dtw ) distance is one of the most effective classifiers on time series domain .  since the global constraint has been introduced in speech community , many global constraint models have been proposed including sakoe - chiba ( s - c ) band , itakura parallelogram , and ratanamahatana - keogh ( r - k ) band .  the r - k band is a general global constraint model that can represent any global constraints with arbitrary shape and size effectively .  however , we need a good learning algorithm to discover the most suitable set of r - k bands , and the current r - k band learning algorithm still suffers from an overfitting phenomenon . in this paper , we propose two new learning algorithms , i.e. , band boundary extraction algorithm and iterative learning algorithm .  the band boundary extraction is calculated from the bound of all possible warping paths in each class , and the iterative learning is adjusted from the original r - k band learning .  we also use a silhouette index , a well - known clustering validation technique , as a heuristic function , and the lower bound function , lb_keogh , to enhance the prediction speed .  twenty datasets , from the workshop and challenge on time series classification , held in conjunction of the sigkdd 2007 , are used to evaluate our approach . ', 'One of the most effective classifiers in the time series domain is the nearest neighbor with the dynamic time warping (DTW) distance. However, current learning algorithms for the Ratanamahatana-Keogh (R-K) band, a popular global constraint model, suffer from overfitting.', 7)
(' for random matrices with tree - like structure there exists a recursive relation for the local green functions whose solution permits to find directly many important quantities in the limit of infinite matrix dimensions .  the purpose of this note is to investigate and compare expressions for the spectral density of random regular graphs , based on easy approximations for real solutions of the recursive relation valid for trees with large coordination number .  the obtained formulas are in a good agreement with the results of numerical calculations even for small coordination number . ', 'For random matrices with tree-like structures, there is a recursive relation for the local green functions that allows for the direct calculation of various important quantities in the limit of infinite matrix dimensions. This note investigates and compares expressions for the spectral density of random regular graphs based on easy approximations for real solutions of the recursive relation, which are in good agreement with numerical results even for small coordination number.', 7)
(' the effect of a random phase diffuser on fluctuations of laser light ( scintillations ) is studied .  not only spatial but also temporal phase variations introduced by the phase diffuser are analyzed .  the explicit dependence of the scintillation index on finite - time phase variations is obtained for long propagation paths .  it is shown that for large amplitudes of phase fluctuations , a finite - time effect decreases the ability of phase diffuser to suppress the scintillations . ', '  A random phase diffuser is studied for its effect on fluctuations of laser light (scintillations). The study analyzes both spatial and temporal phase variations introduced by the diffuser and obtains an explicit dependence of the scintillation index on finite-time phase variations for long propagation paths.', 8)
(' with a special intention of clarifying the underlying spin contents of the nucleon , we investigate the generalized form factors of the nucleon , which are defined as the @xmath0-th @xmath1-moments of the generalized parton distribution functions , within the framework of the chiral quark soliton model .  a particular emphasis is put on the pion mass dependence of final predictions , which we shall compare with the predictions of lattice qcd simulations carried out in the so - called heavy pion region around @xmath2 .  we find that some observables are very sensitive to the variation of the pion mass .  it will be argued that the negligible importance of the quark orbital angular momentum indicated by the lhpc and qcdsf lattice collaborations might be true in the unrealistic heavy pion world , but it is not necessarily the case in our real world close to the chiral limit . ', '  In this study, the generalized form factors of the nucleon are investigated within the chiral quark soliton model, with a focus on the pion mass dependence of final predictions. The authors find that some observables are highly sensitive to variations in the pion mass, which challenges the previous conclusion of negligible importance of quark orbital angular momentum in the heavy pion region.', 8)
(' we improve the currently known thresholds for basisness of the family of periodically dilated @xmath0-sine functions .  our findings rely on a beurling decomposition of the corresponding change of coordinates in terms of shift operators of infinite multiplicity .  we also determine refined bounds on the riesz constant associated to this family .  these results seal mathematical gaps in the existing literature on the subject . ', '  Researchers improved the previously known thresholds for the basisness of a family of periodic functions, known as @xmath0-sine functions, by using a Beurling decomposition and determining refined bounds on the associated Riesz constant. These findings fill gaps in the existing literature on the subject and provide new insights into the properties of these functions.', 8)
(" synaptic memory is considered to be the main element responsible for learning and cognition in humans .  although traditionally non - volatile long - term plasticity changes have been implemented in nanoelectronic synapses for neuromorphic applications , recent studies in neuroscience have revealed that biological synapses undergo meta - stable volatile strengthening followed by a long - term strengthening provided that the frequency of the input stimulus is sufficiently high .  such `` memory strengthening '' and `` memory decay '' functionalities can potentially lead to adaptive neuromorphic architectures . in this paper , we demonstrate the close resemblance of the magnetization dynamics of a magnetic tunnel junction ( mtj ) to short - term plasticity and long - term potentiation observed in biological synapses . we illustrate that , in addition to the magnitude and duration of the input stimulus , frequency of the stimulus plays a critical role in determining long - term potentiation of the mtj .  such mtj synaptic memory arrays can be utilized to create compact , ultra - fast and low power intelligent neural systems . ", '  Synaptic memory is the primary factor in human learning and cognition, and recent studies have shown that biological synapses undergo volatile strengthening and decay based on input stimulus frequency. These findings could lead to the development of adaptive neuromorphic architectures using magnetic tunnel junction (MTJ) synaptic memory arrays, which could be used to create compact, fast, and low-power intelligent neural systems.', 8)
(' this paper investigates , using prior shape models and the concept of ball scale ( b - scale ) , ways of automatically recognizing objects in 3d images without performing elaborate searches or optimization .  that is , the goal is to place the model in a single shot close to the right pose ( position , orientation , and scale ) in a given image so that the model boundaries fall in the close vicinity of object boundaries in the image .  this is achieved via the following set of key ideas : ( a ) a semi - automatic way of constructing a multi - object shape model assembly .  ( b ) a novel strategy of encoding , via b - scale , the pose relationship between objects in the training images and their intensity patterns captured in b - scale images . ( c )  a hierarchical mechanism of positioning the model , in a one - shot way , in a given image from a knowledge of the learnt pose relationship and the b - scale image of the given image to be segmented .  the evaluation results on a set of 20 routine clinical abdominal female and male ct data sets indicate the following : ( 1 ) incorporating a large number of objects improves the recognition accuracy dramatically .  ( 2 ) the recognition algorithm can be thought as a hierarchical framework such that quick replacement of the model assembly is defined as coarse recognition and delineation itself is known as finest recognition .  ( 3 ) scale yields useful information about the relationship between the model assembly and any given image such that the recognition results in a placement of the model close to the actual pose without doing any elaborate searches or optimization . ( 4 ) effective object recognition can make delineation most accurate . ', '  The paper proposes a method for recognizing objects in 3D images without performing elaborate searches or optimization. The method uses prior shape models and the concept of ball scale (b-scale) to place the model in a single shot close to the right pose in a given image, so that the model boundaries fall in the close vicinity of object boundaries in the image.', 8)
(' long time coverage and high radial velocity precision have allowed for the discovery of additional objects in known planetary systems .  many of the extrasolar planets detected have highly eccentric orbits , which raises the question of how likely those systems are to host additional planets .  we investigate six systems which contain a very eccentric ( @xmath0 ) planet : hd  3651 , hd  37605 , hd  45350 , hd  80606 , hd  89744 , and 16   cyg  b. we present updated radial - velocity observations and orbital solutions , search for additional planets , and perform test particle simulations to find regions of dynamical stability .  the dynamical simulations show that short - period planets could exist in the hd  45350 and 16  cyg  b systems , and we use the observational data to set tight detection limits , which rule out additional planets down to a few neptune masses in the hd  3651 , hd  45350 , and 16  cyg  b systems . ', 'Scientists have used long-time coverage and high radial velocity precision to detect additional objects in known planetary systems, including those with highly eccentric orbits. By performing dynamical simulations and using observational data to set detection limits, they found that short-period planets could exist in certain systems, ruling out additional planets down to a few Neptune masses in three systems.', 8)
(' we present a two - channel model to describe the quantum state of two atoms with finite - range interaction near a feshbach resonance .  this model provides a simple picture to analytically derive the wave function and the binding energy of the molecular bound state .  the results agree excellently with the measurements and multichannel calculations . for small binding energies ,  the system enters a threshold regime in which the feshbach molecules are identical to long range atom pairs in single channel . according to their threshold behavior  , we find feshbach resonances can be classified into two types . ', '  In a new study, researchers propose a two-channel model to describe the quantum state of two atoms with finite-range interaction near a Feshbach resonance. This model allows for the analytical derivation of the wave function and binding energy of the molecular bound state, which agree well with measurements and multichannel calculations.', 8)
(' large numbers of supernovae ( sne ) have been discovered in recent years , and many more will be found in the near future . once discovered , further study of a sn and its possible use as an astronomical tool ( e.g. , as a distance estimator ) require knowledge of the sn type .  current classification methods rely almost solely on the analysis of sn spectra to determine their type .  however , spectroscopy may not be possible or practical when sne are faint , numerous , or discovered in archival studies .  we present a classification method for sne based on the comparison of their observed colors with synthetic ones , calculated from a large database of multi - epoch optical spectra of nearby events .  we discuss the capabilities and limitations of this method .  for example , type ia sne at redshifts @xmath0 can be distinguished from most other sn types during the first few weeks of their evolution , based on @xmath1 vs. @xmath2 colors .  type ii - p sne have distinct ( very red ) colors at late ( @xmath3  d ) stages .  broadband photometry through standard johnson - cousins @xmath4 filters can be useful to classify sne out to @xmath5 .  the use of sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) @xmath6 filters allows the extension of our classification method to even higher redshifts ( @xmath7 ) , and the use of infrared bands , to @xmath8 .  we demonstrate the application of this method to a recently discovered sn from the sdss .  finally , we outline the observational data required to further improve the sensitivity of the method , and discuss prospects for its use on future sn samples .  community access to the tools developed is provided by a dedicated website . ', 'Recent years have seen a large number of supernovae (SNe) discovered, and many more will be found in the near future. A new method for classifying SNe based on their observed colors compared to synthetic ones calculated from a large database of nearby events is presented, which can distinguish between different types of SNe, such as Type Ia at high redshifts, and Type II-P at late stages, and can be used to classify SNe out to high redshifts with the help of Sloan Digital Sky Survey (SDSS) and infrared bands.', 8)
(' we present a novel method for calculating the primordial non - gaussianity produced by super - horizon evolution during inflation .  our method evolves the distribution of coarse - grained inflationary field values using a transport equation .  we present simple evolution equations for the moments of this distribution , such as the variance and skewness .  this method possesses some advantages over existing techniques . among them  , it cleanly separates multiple sources of primordial non - gaussianity , and is computationally efficient when compared with popular alternatives , such as the @xmath0 framework .  we adduce numerical calculations demonstrating that our new method offers good agreement with those already in the literature .  we focus on two fields and the @xmath1 parameter , but we expect our method will generalize to multiple scalar fields and to moments of arbitrarily high order .  we present our expressions in a field - space covariant form which we postulate to be valid for any number of fields .     * keywords * : inflation , cosmological perturbation theory , physics of the early universe , quantum field theory in curved spacetime . ', 'The authors present a novel method for calculating primordial non-Gaussianity produced during inflation, which separates multiple sources of non-Gaussianity and is computationally efficient compared to existing techniques. The method evolves the distribution of coarse-grained inflationary field values using a transport equation and provides simple evolution equations for moments of the distribution, such as variance and skewness.', 8)
(' various new physics models predict a light cp - odd higgs boson ( labeled as @xmath0 ) and open up new decay modes for @xmath1-boson , such as @xmath2 , @xmath3 and @xmath4 , which could be explored at the gigaz option of the ilc . in this work  we investigate these rare decays in several new physics models , namely the type - ii two higgs doublet model ( type - ii 2hdm ) , the lepton - specific two higgs doublet model ( l2hdm ) , the nearly minimal supersymetric standard model ( nmssm ) and the next - to - minimal supersymmetric standard model ( nmssm ) .  we find that in the parameter space allowed by current experiments , the branching ratios can reach @xmath5 for @xmath6 ( @xmath7 ) , @xmath8 for @xmath3 and @xmath9 for @xmath4 , which implies that the decays @xmath10 and @xmath11 may be accessible at the gigaz option .  moreover , since different models predict different patterns of the branching ratios , the measurement of these rare decays at the gigaz may be utilized to distinguish the models . ', '  New physics models predict the existence of a light CP-odd Higgs boson, which could decay into several other particles, including the @xmath1 boson. The branching ratios of these decays could be used to distinguish between different new physics models and potentially detect the @xmath1 boson at the GigaZ option of the ILC.', 8)
(' dwarf galaxies in the local group provide a unique astrophysical laboratory . despite their proximity some of these systems still lack a reliable distance determination as well as studies of their stellar content and star formation history .  we present first results of our survey of variable stars in a sample of six local group dwarf irregular galaxies . taking the leo a dwarf galaxy as an example we describe observational strategies and data reduction .  we discuss the lightcurves of two newly found @xmath0 cephei stars and place them into the context of a previously derived p - l relation .  finally we discuss the lpv content of leo  a. ', '  Dwarf galaxies in the Local Group provide a unique astrophysical laboratory for studying star formation and evolution, despite their proximity, some of these systems lack a reliable distance determination and detailed studies of their stellar content and star formation history. Our survey of variable stars in a sample of six Local Group dwarf irregular galaxies, including the Leo A dwarf galaxy, provides new insights into the light curves of two newly found Cepheid stars and their place in the previously derived period-luminosity relation.', 8)
(' the generation of hydrodynamic radiation in interactions of pulsed proton and laser beams with matter is explored .  the beams were directed into a water target and the resulting acoustic signals were recorded with pressure sensitive sensors .  measurements were performed with varying pulse energies , sensor positions , beam diameters and temperatures .  the obtained data are matched by simulation results based on the thermo - acoustic model with uncertainties at a level of 10@xmath0 .  the results imply that the primary mechanism for sound generation by the energy deposition of particles propagating in water is the local heating of the medium .  the heating results in a fast expansion or contraction and a pressure pulse of bipolar shape is emitted into the surrounding medium .  an interesting , widely discussed application of this effect could be the detection of ultra - high energetic cosmic neutrinos in future large - scale acoustic neutrino detectors .  for this application a validation of the sound generation mechanism to high accuracy , as achieved with the experiments discussed in this article , is of high importance .     cosmic neutrinos , acoustic neutrino detection , thermo - acoustic model , ultra - high energy cosmic rays , beam interaction ', '  In a study, the generation of hydrodynamic radiation in interactions of pulsed proton and laser beams with matter was explored. The beams were directed into a water target, and the resulting acoustic signals were recorded with pressure sensitive sensors. The data obtained were matched by simulation results based on the thermo-acoustic model, with uncertainties at a level of 10%. The results suggest that the primary mechanism for sound generation is local heating of the medium, leading to a fast expansion or contraction and a pressure pulse of bipolar shape.', 8)
(' _ this paper presents invariants under gamma correction and similarity transformations .  the invariants are local features based on differentials which are implemented using derivatives of the gaussian .  the use of the proposed invariant representation is shown to yield improved correlation results in a template matching scenario . _ ', 'The paper presents a new approach to template matching that uses invariants under gamma correction and similarity transformations. The proposed method involves computing local features based on differentials, which are implemented using derivatives of the Gaussian function, and yields improved correlation results in template matching scenarios.', 8)
(' we investigate the emergence of magnetic flux in the quiet sun at very small spatial scales , focusing on the magnetic connection between the photosphere and chromosphere .  the observational data consist of spectropolarimetric measurements and filtergrams taken with the hinode satellite and the dutch open telescope .  we find that a significant fraction of the magnetic flux present in internetwork regions appears in the form of @xmath0-shaped loops .  the emergence rate is 0.02 loops per hour and arcsec@xmath1 , which brings @xmath2 mx s@xmath3 arcsec@xmath1 of new flux to the solar surface .  initially , the loops are observed as small patches of linear polarization above a granular cell .  shortly afterwards , two footpoints of opposite polarity become visible in circular polarization within or at the edges of the granule and start to move toward the adjacent intergranular space .  the orientation of the footpoints does not seem to obey hale s polarity rules .  the loops are continuously buffeted by convective motions , but they always retain a high degree of coherence .  interestingly , 23% of the loops that emerge in the photosphere reach the chromosphere ( 16 cases out of 69 ) .  they are first detected in 630  nm magnetograms and 5 minutes later in b 517.3  nm magnetograms .  after about 8 minutes , some of them are also observed in h line - core images , where the footpoints produce small brightness enhancements . ', 'The study investigates the emergence of magnetic flux in the quiet Sun at small spatial scales, focusing on the magnetic connection between the photosphere and chromosphere. The observational data, obtained using the Hinode satellite and the Dutch Open Telescope, show that a significant fraction of the magnetic flux appears in the form of @xmath0-shaped loops, with an emergence rate of 0.02 loops per hour and arcsec.', 8)
(' matched - filtering for the identification of compact object mergers in gravitational - wave antenna data involves the comparison of the data stream to a bank of template gravitational waveforms . typically the template bank is constructed from phenomenological waveform models since these can be evaluated for an arbitrary choice of physical parameters .  recently it has been proposed that singular value decomposition ( svd ) can be used to reduce the number of templates required for detection . as we show here , another benefit of svd is its removal of biases from the phenomenological templates along with a corresponding improvement in their ability to represent waveform signals obtained from numerical relativity ( nr ) simulations . using these ideas ,  we present a method that calibrates a reduced svd basis of phenomenological waveforms against nr waveforms in order to construct a new waveform approximant with improved accuracy and faithfulness compared to the original phenomenological model .  the new waveform family is given numerically through the interpolation of the projection coefficients of nr waveforms expanded onto the reduced basis and provides a generalized scheme for enhancing phenomenological models . ', 'In the process of identifying compact object mergers in gravitational wave data, template bank construction is a crucial step that involves comparing the data stream to a set of pre-defined template waveforms. Recently, it has been proposed that using singular value decomposition (SVD) can reduce the number of templates required for detection while also improving the accuracy and faithfulness of the waveform approximants compared to traditional phenomenological models.', 8)
(' this is the first attempt to model the kinematics of a cme launch and the resulting euv dimming quantitatively with a self - consistent model .  our 4d - model assumes self - similar expansion of a spherical cme geometry that consists of a cme front with density compression and a cavity with density rarefaction , satisfying mass conservation of the total cme and swept - up corona .  the model contains 14 free parameters and is fitted to the 2008 march 25 cme event observed with stereo / a and b. our model is able to reproduce the observed cme expansion and related euv dimming during the initial phase from 18:30 ut to 19:00 ut .  the cme kinematics can be characterized by a constant acceleration ( i.e. , a constant magnetic driving force ) . while the observations of euvi / a are consistent with a spherical bubble geometry , we detect significant asymmetries and density inhomogeneities with euvi / b .  this new forward - modeling method demonstrates how the observed euv dimming can be used to model physical parameters of the cme source region , the cme geometry , and cme kinematics . ', 'A new model has been developed to quantitatively explain the kinematics of a coronal mass ejection (CME) and the resulting EUV dimming. The model assumes a self-similar expansion of a spherical CME geometry with density compression and rarefaction, and is able to reproduce the observed CME expansion and EUV dimming during the initial phase of a 2008 CME event.', 8)
(' the estimation of the number of passengers with the identical journey is a common problem for public transport authorities .  this problem is also known as the origin - destination estimation ( od ) problem and it has been widely studied for the past thirty years .  however , the theory is missing when the observations are not limited to the passenger counts but also includes station surveys .  + our aim is to provide a solid framework for the estimation of an od matrix when only a portion of the journey counts are observable . +  our method consists of a statistical estimation technique for od matrix when we have the sum - of - row counts and survey - based observations .  our technique differs from the previous studies in that it does not need a prior od matrix which can be hard to obtain .  instead , we model the passengers behaviour through the survey data , and use the diagonalization of the partial od matrix to reduce the space parameter and derive a consistent global od matrix estimator .  we demonstrate the robustness of our estimator and apply it to several examples showcasing the proposed models and approach .  we highlight how other sources of data can be incorporated in the model such as explanatory variables , e.g. rainfall , indicator variables for major events , etc , and inference made in a principled , non - heuristic way .     constraint maximum likelihood estimation , eigenvectors , counts estimation ', '  Public transport authorities often face the challenge of estimating the number of passengers with the same journey, known as the Origin-Destination (OD) estimation problem. This problem has been studied for the past 30 years, but previous methods are limited when observations include station surveys. Our approach uses statistical estimation techniques to derive a consistent global OD matrix estimator without requiring a prior OD matrix, which can be difficult to obtain. We demonstrate the robustness of our method through examples and show how other sources of data can be incorporated into the model for principled inference.', 8)
(' we propose and experimentally demonstrate a method for non - invasive measurements of cavity parameters by injection of squeezed vacuum into an optical cavity .  the principle behind this technique is the destruction of the correlation between upper and lower quantum sidebands with respect to the carrier frequency when the squeezed field is incident on the cavity .  this method is especially useful for ultrahigh @xmath0 cavities , such as whispering gallery mode ( wgm ) cavities , in which absorption and scattering by light - induced nonlinear processes inhibit precise measurements of the cavity parameters . we show that the linewidth of a test cavity is measured to be @xmath1  khz , which agrees with the classically measured linewidth of the cavity within the uncertainty ( @xmath2  khz ) . ', 'The authors propose a non-invasive method for measuring cavity parameters by injecting squeezed vacuum into an optical cavity. The technique relies on the destruction of the correlation between upper and lower quantum sidebands with respect to the carrier frequency, which allows for precise measurements of cavity parameters, particularly in ultra-high Q cavities where absorption and scattering by light-induced nonlinear processes make precise measurements difficult.', 8)
(' the origin and chemical composition of ultra high energy cosmic rays is still an open question in astroparticle physics .  the observed large - scale isotropy and also direct composition measurements can be interpreted as an extragalactic proton dominance above the _ ankle _ at about @xmath0 gev .  photopion production of extragalactic protons in the cosmic microwave background predicts a cutoff at about @xmath1 gev in conflict with excesses reported by some experiments . in this report  we will outline a recent statistical analysis  @xcite of cosmic ray data using strongly interacting neutrinos as primaries for these excesses . ', '  Ultra high energy cosmic rays (UHECRs) are still poorly understood, with their origin and chemical composition remaining an open question in astroparticle physics. Recent statistical analysis of cosmic ray data using strongly interacting neutrinos as primaries suggests that UHECRs may be dominated by extragalactic protons above an energy threshold of about 10^15 electronvolts (GeV).', 8)
(" we report on an easy - to - evaluate expression for the prediction of the bend - loss for a large mode area photonic crystal fiber ( pcf ) with a triangular air - hole lattice .  the expression is based on a recently proposed formulation of the v - parameter for a pcf and contains no free parameters .  the validity of the expression is verified experimentally for varying fiber parameters as well as bend radius . the typical deviation between the position of the measured and the predicted bend loss edge is within measurement uncertainty .    10    url # 1`#1`urlprefix[2][]#2    j.  c. knight , `` photonic crystal fibres , '' nature * 424 * , 847851 ( 2003 ) .     t.  a. birks , j.  c. knight , and p.  s.  j. russell , `` endlessly single mode photonic crystal fibre , '' opt . lett .  * 22 * , 961963 ( 1997 ) .     t.  srensen , j.  broeng , a.  bjarklev , e.  knudsen , and s.  e.  b. libori , `` macro - bending loss properties of photonic crystal fibre , '' electron . lett . * 37 * , 287289 ( 2001 ) .     t.  srensen , j.  broeng , a.  bjarklev , t.  p. hansen , e.  knudsen , s.  e.  b. libori , h.  r. simonsen , and j.  r. jensen , `` spectral macro - bending loss considerations for photonic crystal fibres , '' iee proc .- opt .  * 149 * , 206 ( 2002 ) .     n.  a. mortensen and j.  r. folkenberg , `` low - loss criterion and effective area considerations for photonic crystal fibers , '' j. opt . a : pure appl . opt . * 5 * , 163167 ( 2003 ) .     j.  c. baggett , t.  m. monro , k.  furusawa , v.  finazzi , and d.  j. richardson , `` understanding bending losses in holey optical fibers , '' opt .  commun .  * 227 * , 317335 ( 2003 ) .     j.  sakai and t.  kimura , `` bending loss of propagation modes in arbitrary - index profile optical fibers , '' appl . opt . *  17 * , 14991506 ( 1978 ) .     j.  sakai , `` simplified bending loss formula for single - mode optical fibers , '' appl . opt .  * 18 * , 951952 ( 1979 ) .     a.  w. snyder and j.  d. love , _ optical waveguide theory _  ( chapman & hall , new york , 1983 ) .     n.  a. mortensen , `` effective area of photonic crystal fibers , '' opt .  express * 10 * , 341348 ( 2002 ) .  http://www.opticsexpress.org/abstract.cfm?uri=opex-10-7-341 .     n.  a. mortensen , j.  r. folkenberg , m.  d. nielsen , and k.  p. hansen , `` modal cut - off and the @xmath0parameter in photonic crystal fibers , '' opt . lett . * 28 * , 18791881 ( 2003 ) .     m.  d. nielsen , n.  a. mortensen , j.  r. folkenberg , and a.  bjarklev , `` mode - field radius of photonic crystal fibers expressed by the @xmath0parameter , '' opt  . lett .  * 28 * , 23092311 ( 2003 ) .    m.  d. nielsen and n.  a. mortensen , `` photonic crystal fiber design based on the @xmath0parameter , '' opt .  express * 11 * , 27622768 ( 2003 ) .  http://www.opticsexpress.org / abstract.cfm?uri = opex-11 - 21 - 2762% [ http://www.opticsexpress.org / abstract.cfm?uri = opex-11 - 21 - 2762% ] . ", '  The article presents a simple expression for predicting the bend loss of a large mode area photonic crystal fiber (PCF) based on a recently proposed formulation of the v-parameter. The expression contains no free parameters and is experimentally verified for varying fiber parameters and bend radii. The typical deviation between the predicted and measured bend loss edges is within measurement uncertainty.', 8)
(' we consider the markov random flight @xmath0 in the three - dimensional euclidean space @xmath1 with constant finite speed @xmath2 and the uniform choice of the initial and each new direction at random time instants that form a homogeneous poisson flow of rate @xmath3 .  series representations for the conditional characteristic functions of @xmath4 corresponding to two and three changes of direction , are obtained .  based on these results , an asymptotic formula , as @xmath5 , for the unconditional characteristic function of @xmath4 is derived . by inverting it  , we obtain an asymptotic relation for the transition density of the process .  we show that the error in this formula has the order @xmath6 and , therefore , it gives a good approximation on small time intervals whose lengths depend on @xmath7 .  estimate of the accuracy of the approximation is analysed .    * asymptotic relation for the transition density + of the three - dimensional markov random flight + on small time intervals *    alexander d. kolesnik + institute of mathematics and computer science + academy street 5 , kishinev 2028 , moldova + e - mail : kolesnik@math.md    0.2 cm    0.1 cm    _ keywords : _ markov random flight , persistent random walk , conditional density , fourier transform , characteristic function , asymptotic relation , transition density , small time intervals    0.2 cm    _ ams 2010 subject classification : _  60k35 , 60k99 , 60j60 , 60j65 , 82c41 , 82c70 ', '  In this paper, the author derives an asymptotic formula for the unconditional characteristic function of a three-dimensional Markov random flight process, which is a generalization of the one-dimensional persistent random walk. The formula is obtained by inverting a series representation for the conditional characteristic function of the process, and it provides an accurate approximation of the transition density on small time intervals. The author also analyzes the accuracy of the approximation and shows that it is valid for small time intervals whose lengths depend on a constant.', 8)
(' using the formalism of rigorous statistical mechanics , we study the phenomena of phase separation and freezing - point depression upon freezing of solutions .  specifically , we devise an ising - based model of a solvent - solute system and show that , in the ensemble with a fixed amount of solute , a macroscopic phase separation occurs in an interval of values of the chemical potential of the solvent .  the boundaries of the phase separation domain in the phase diagram are characterized and shown to asymptotically agree with the formulas used in heuristic analyses of freezing point depression .  the limit of infinitesimal concentrations is described in a subsequent paper .     = 1 ', '  In a study using rigorous statistical mechanics, researchers investigate the phenomena of phase separation and freezing-point depression upon freezing of solutions. They develop an Ising-based model of a solvent-solute system and show that macroscopic phase separation occurs in a specific interval of chemical potential values, with the phase separation domain boundaries matching heuristic formulas used to describe freezing point depression.', 8)
(' we report on a multi - frequency , multi - epoch campaign of very long baseline interferometry observations of the radio galaxy 1946 + 708 using the vlba and a global vlbi array . from these high - resolution observations  we deduce the kinematic age of the radio source to be @xmath04000 years , comparable with the ages of other compact symmetric objects ( csos ) .  ejections of pairs of jet components appears to take place on time scales of 10 years and these components in the jet travel outward at intrinsic velocities between 0.6 and 0.9 c. from the constraint that jet components can not have intrinsic velocities faster than light , we derive @xmath1 @xmath2 57 km s@xmath3 mpc@xmath3 from the fastest pair of components launched from the core .  we provide strong evidence for the ejection of a new pair of components in @xmath01997 . from the trajectories of the jet components we deduce that the jet is most likely to be helically confined , rather than purely ballistic in nature . ', 'The authors conducted a multi-frequency, multi-epoch VLBA observation campaign of the radio galaxy 1946+708, which revealed a kinematic age of 4000 years for the source, similar to other compact symmetric objects (CSOs). The authors also found that ejections of jet components occur on time scales of 10 years, with intrinsic velocities between 0.6 and 0.9c, and that the jet is likely helically confined rather than purely ballistic.', 8)
(' we study the generalized mutual information @xmath0 of the ground state of different critical quantum chains . the generalized mutual information definition that we use is based on the well established concept of the rnyi divergence .  we calculate this quantity numerically for several distinct quantum chains having either discrete @xmath1 symmetries ( q - state potts model with @xmath2 and @xmath1 parafermionic models with @xmath3 and also ashkin - teller model with different anisotropies ) or the @xmath4 continuous symmetries ( klein - gordon field theory , xxz and spin-1 fateev - zamolodchikov quantum chains with different anisotropies ) . for the spin chains  these calculations were done by expressing the ground - state wavefunctions in two special basis .  our results indicate some general behavior for particular ranges of values of the parameter @xmath5 that defines @xmath0 . for a system , with total size @xmath6 and subsystem sizes @xmath7 and @xmath8 , the @xmath0 has a logarithmic leading behavior given by @xmath9 where the coefficient @xmath10 is linearly dependent on the central charge @xmath11 of the underlying conformal field theory ( cft ) describing the system s critical properties . ', '  In this study, the authors investigate the generalized mutual information of the ground state of various critical quantum chains, using a definition based on the Rényi divergence. They calculate this quantity numerically for different quantum chains with discrete or continuous symmetries, and find that it exhibits logarithmic behavior for certain ranges of parameters.', 8)
(' a new numerical method is proposed for a 1-d inverse medium scattering problem with multi - frequency data .  this method is based on the construction of a weighted cost functional .  the weight is a carleman weight function ( cwf ) . in other words , this is the function , which is present in the carleman estimate for the undelying differential operator .  the presence of the cwf makes this functional strictly convex on any a priori chosen ball with the center at @xmath0 in an appropriate hilbert space .  convergence of the gradient minimization method to the exact solution starting from any point of that ball is proven .  computational results for both computationally simulated and experimental data show a good accuracy of this method .    *  key words * : global convergence , coefficient inverse problem , multi - frequency data , carleman weight function    * 2010 mathematics subject classification : * 35r30 . ', '  A new method is proposed for solving a 1-dimensional inverse medium scattering problem with multi-frequency data. The method is based on a weighted cost functional that is constructed using a Carleman weight function, which makes the functional strictly convex and guarantees global convergence to the exact solution from any starting point within a certain ball in an appropriate Hilbert space.', 8)
(' the sunspot number varies roughly periodically with time .  however the individual cycle durations and the amplitudes are found to vary in an irregular manner .  it is observed that the stronger cycles are having shorter rise times and vice versa .  this leads to an important effect know as the waldmeier effect .  another important feature of the solar cycle irregularity are the grand minima during which the activity level is strongly reduced .  we explore whether these solar cycle irregularities can be studied with the help of the flux transport dynamo model of the solar cycle .  we show that with a suitable stochastic fluctuations in a regular dynamo model , we are able to reproduce many irregular features of the solar cycle including the waldmeier effect and the grand minimum . however , we get all these results only if the value of the turbulent diffusivity in the convection zone is reasonably high .     [ firstpage ] ', 'The sunspot number varies periodically over time, but the individual cycle durations and amplitudes vary irregularly. This leads to the Waldmeier effect, where stronger cycles have shorter rise times and vice versa, and grand minima with reduced activity levels.', 8)
(' the jhu turbulence database @xcite can be used with a state of the art visualisation tool @xcite to generate high quality link : anc / dfdsubmissionquarterres.mpg[fluid dynamics videos ] . in this work  we investigate the classical idea that smaller structures in turbulent flows , while engaged in their own internal dynamics , are advected by the larger structures .  they are not advected undistorted , however .  we see instead that the small scale structures are sheared and twisted by the larger scales .  this illuminates the basic mechanisms of the turbulent cascade . ', '  The JHU Turbulence Database can be used with the state-of-the-art visualization tool @xcite to generate high-quality fluid dynamics videos, including those of smaller structures in turbulent flows being advected and sheared by larger scales, providing insights into the basic mechanisms of the turbulent cascade. In this work, the authors investigate the classical idea that smaller structures in turbulent flows are not advected undistorted, but instead are sheared and twisted by larger scales, shedding light on the fundamental processes of turbulence.', 8)
(" recent studies of lensing clusters reveal that it might be fairly common for a galaxy cluster that the x - ray center has an obvious offset from its gravitational center which is measured by strong lensing .  we argue that if these offsets exist , then x - rays and lensing are indeed measuring different regions of a cluster , and may thus naturally result in a discrepancy in the measured gravitational masses by the two different methods . here  we investigate theoretically the dynamical effects of such lensing - x - ray offsets , and compare with observational data .  we find that for typical values , the offset alone can give rise to a factor of two difference between the lensing and x - ray determined masses for the core regions of a cluster , suggesting that such `` offset effect '' may play an important role and should not be ignored in our dynamical measurements of clusters .     [ firstpage ]    dark matter - gravitational lensing - x - rays : galaxies : clusters ", '  Recent studies of galaxy clusters have found that the X-ray center of a cluster often has an offset from its gravitational center, which can lead to a discrepancy in the measured gravitational masses determined by X-ray and lensing methods. Theoretical investigations suggest that this offset can result in a factor of two difference in the determined masses for the core regions of a cluster, highlighting the importance of considering this effect in dynamical measurements of clusters.', 8)
(' the stability of a recently proposed general relativistic model of galaxies is studied in some detail .  this model is a general relativistic version of the well known miyamoto - nagai model that represents well a thick galactic disk .  the stability of the disk is investigated under a general first order perturbation keeping the spacetime metric frozen ( no gravitational radiation is taken into account ) .  we find that the stability is associated with the thickness of the disk .  we have that flat galaxies have more not - stable modes than the thick ones i.e. , flat galaxies have a tendency to form more complex structures like rings , bars and spiral arms .    [ firstpage ]    relativity  galaxies : kinematics and dynamics ', '  In a recent study, the stability of a general relativistic model of galaxies was investigated, specifically the Miyamoto-Nagai model with a thick galactic disk. The study found that the stability of the disk is associated with its thickness, with flat galaxies having more unstable modes and tending to form more complex structures like rings, bars, and spiral arms.', 8)
(' * _ abstract _ : * in this paper , we present a new pipeline which automatically identifies and annotates axoplasmic reticula , which are small subcellular structures present only in axons .  we run our algorithm on the kasthuri11 dataset , which was color corrected using gradient - domain techniques to adjust contrast .  we use a bilateral filter to smooth out the noise in this data while preserving edges , which highlights axoplasmic reticula .  these axoplasmic reticula are then annotated using a morphological region growing algorithm . additionally , we perform laplacian sharpening on the bilaterally filtered data to enhance edges , and repeat the morphological region growing algorithm to annotate more axoplasmic reticula .  we track our annotations through the slices to improve precision , and to create long objects to aid in segment merging .  this method annotates axoplasmic reticula with high precision .  our algorithm can easily be adapted to annotate axoplasmic reticula in different sets of brain data by changing a few thresholds .  the contribution of this work is the introduction of a straightforward and robust pipeline which annotates axoplasmic reticula with high precision , contributing towards advancements in automatic feature annotations in neural em data . +    2 ', 'In this paper, the authors present a new pipeline for automatically identifying and annotating axoplasmic reticula in neural EM data. The pipeline uses a bilateral filter to smooth out noise and preserve edges, followed by a morphological region growing algorithm to annotate the axoplasmic reticula.', 8)
(' we present a statistical x - ray study of spiral galaxies in the hubble deep field - north and its flanking fields using the chandra deep field  north 1  ms dataset .  we find that @xmath0 galaxies with @xmath1 have ratios of x - ray to @xmath2-band luminosity similar to those in the local universe , although the data indicate a likely increase in this ratio by a factor of @xmath33 .  we have also determined that typical spiral galaxies at @xmath1 should be detected in the 0.52 kev band in the flux range ( @xmath46@xmath5 erg  @xmath6  s@xmath7 .     1_heao-1 _ ', '  In a study of spiral galaxies in the Hubble Deep Field North and its surrounding fields using Chandra data, researchers found that galaxies with similar masses to those in the local universe have similar X-ray to optical luminosity ratios, although there may be an increase in this ratio by a factor of 33. Additionally, they found that typical spiral galaxies in this mass range should be detectable in the 0.52 keV band in the flux range of (46-50 erg/s).', 8)
(' we propose a scheme for tunable coupling of phase - coupled flux qubits .  the phase - coupling scheme can provide a strong coupling strength of the order of josephson coupling energy of josephson junctions in the connecting loop , while the previously studied inductive coupling scheme can not provide due to small mutual inductance and induced currents .  we show that , in order to control the coupling , we need _ two _ dc - squid s in the connecting loop and the control fluxes threading the dc - squid s must be in _ opposite _ directions .  the coupling strength is analytically calculated as a function of the control flux at the co - resonance point . ', 'The authors propose a new scheme for tunable coupling of phase-coupled flux qubits, which can provide a strong coupling strength of the order of Josephson coupling energy in the connecting loop, while previous schemes have limitations due to small mutual inductance and induced currents. The authors show that two dc-Squid devices in the connecting loop, with control fluxes in opposite directions, are necessary to control the coupling strength, which can be analytically calculated at the co-resonance point.', 8)
(' a theoretical study is presented of surface waves at a monomolecular surfactant film between an isotropic liquid and a nematic liquid crystal for the case when the surfactant film is in the isotropic two - dimensional fluid phase and induces homeotropic ( normal to the interface ) orientation of the nematic director . the dispersion relation for the surface waves  is obtained , and different surface modes are analyzed with account being taken of the anchoring induced by the surfactant layer , the curvature energy of the interface , and the anisotropy of the viscoelastic coefficients .  the dispersion laws for capillary and dilatational surface modes retain structure similar to that in isotropic systems , but involve anisotropic viscosity coefficients .  additional modes are related to relaxation of the nematic director field due to anchoring at the interface .  the results can be used to determine different properties of nematic - surfactant - isotropic interfaces from experimental data on surface light scattering . ', '  A theoretical study examines surface waves on a monomolecular surfactant film between an isotropic liquid and a nematic liquid crystal, focusing on the case where the surfactant film is in the isotropic two-dimensional fluid phase and induces homeotropic orientation of the nematic director. The study obtains the dispersion relation for surface waves, analyzes different surface modes, and discusses the role of anchoring, interface curvature, and anisotropy in the viscoelastic coefficients.', 8)
(' we study three - dimensional bosonic cluster interacting through van der waals potential at large scattering length .  we use faddeev - type decomposition of the many - body wave function which includes all possible two - body correlations . at large scattering length ,  a series of efimov - like states appear which are spatially extended and exhibit the exponential dependence on the state number .  we also find the existence of generalized tjon lines for @xmath0- body clusters .  signature of universal behaviour of weakly bound clusters can be observed in experiments of ultracold bose gases . ', '  In a study of three-dimensional bosonic clusters interacting through van der Waals potential, researchers used Faddeev-type decomposition of the many-body wave function to include all possible two-body correlations. At large scattering length, the study revealed the existence of Efimov-like states, which are spatially extended and exhibit exponential dependence on the state number, as well as generalized Tjon lines for multi-body clusters.', 8)
(' this article reviews the use of single electron spins to compute . in classical computing schemes , a binary bit  is represented by the spin polarization of a single electron confined in a quantum dot .  if a weak magnetic field is present , the spin orientation becomes a binary variable which can encode logic 0 and logic 1 .  coherent superposition of these two polarizations represent a qubit . by engineering the exchange interaction between closely spaced spins in neighboring quantum dots ,  it is possible to implement either classical or quantum logic gates . ', '  In a quantum computing scheme, single electron spins in a quantum dot can be used to represent binary bits. By applying a weak magnetic field, the spin orientation can be manipulated to encode logic 0 and logic 1, and coherent superposition of these two polarizations forms a qubit.', 8)
(" this paper presents the i - band data obtained by the eso imaging survey ( eis ) over two patches of the sky , 6 square degrees each , centered at @xmath0 , @xmath1 , and @xmath2 , @xmath3 .  the data are being made public in the form of object catalogs and , photometrically and astrometrically calibrated pixel maps .  these products together with other useful information can be found at `` http://www.eso.org/eis '' .  the overall quality of the data in the two fields is significantly better than the other two patches released earlier and cover a much larger contiguous area .  the total number of objects in the catalogs extracted from these frames is over 700,000 down to @xmath4 , where the galaxy catalogs are 80% complete .  the star counts are consistent with model predictions computed at the position of the patches considered .  the galaxy counts and the angular two - point correlation functions are also consistent with those of the other patches showing that the eis data set is homogeneous and that the galaxy catalogs are uniform .     1@xmath5 # 1 ", '  The paper presents publicly available ESO Imaging Survey (EIS) data covering two patches of the sky, each 6 square degrees in size, at four different positions. The data includes object catalogs and photometrically and astrometrically calibrated pixel maps, and the overall quality of the data is better than previous releases, covering a larger contiguous area with over 700,000 objects detected down to magnitude @xmath4.', 8)
(' a multi - resolution bead - spring model for polymer dynamics is developed as a generalization of the rouse model .  a polymer chain is described using beads of variable sizes connected by springs with variable spring constants . a numerical scheme which can use different timesteps to advance the positions of different beads is presented and analyzed .  the position of a particular bead is only updated at integer multiples of the timesteps associated with its connecting springs .  this approach extends the rouse model to a multiscale model on both spatial and temporal scales , allowing simulations of localized regions of a polymer chain with high spatial and temporal resolution , while using a coarser modelling approach to describe the rest of the polymer chain .  a method for changing the model resolution on - the - fly is developed using the metropolis - hastings algorithm .  it is shown that this approach maintains key statistics of the end - to - end distance and diffusion of the polymer filament and makes computational savings when applied to a model for the binding of a protein to the dna filament .     polymer dynamics , dna , rouse model , brownian dynamics , multiscale modelling    60h10 , 60j70 , 82c31 , 82d60 , 92b99 ', '  A multi-resolution bead-spring model for polymer dynamics is developed as an extension of the Rouse model, allowing for simulations of localized regions of a polymer chain with high spatial and temporal resolution while using a coarser modeling approach for the rest of the chain. The model uses a numerical scheme that updates the position of beads at integer multiples of their spring constants, and a method for changing the model resolution on-the-fly is developed using the Metropolis-Hastings algorithm.', 8)
(' a steradian of the southern sky has been imaged at 151.5  mhz using the mauritius radio telescope ( mrt ) .  these images show systematics in positional errors of sources when compared to source positions in the molonglo reference catalogue ( mrc ) .  we have applied two - dimensional homography to correct for systematic positional errors in the image domain and thereby avoid re - processing the visibility data .  positions of bright ( above 15-@xmath0 ) point sources , common to mrt catalogue and mrc , are used to set up an over - determined system to solve for the homography matrix . after correction  the errors are found to be within 10% of the beamwidth for these bright sources and the systematics are eliminated from the images .  this technique will be of relevance to the new generation radio telescopes where , owing to huge data rates , only images after a certain integration would be recorded as opposed to raw visibilities .  it is also interesting to note how our investigations cued to possible errors in the array geometry .  the analysis of positional errors of sources showed that mrt images are stretched in declination by @xmath1 part in 1000 .  this translates to a compression of the baseline scale in the visibility domain .  the array geometry was re - estimated using the astrometry principle .  the estimates show an error of @xmath1  mm / m , which results in an error of about half a wavelength at 150  mhz for a 1  km north - south baseline .  the estimates also indicate that the east - west arm is inclined by an angle of @xmath2 to the true east - west direction .     [ firstpage ]    surveys  techniques : image processing   astrometry   techniques : interferometric  telescope  catalogues ', '  A steradian of the southern sky has been imaged at 151.5 MHz using the Mauritius Radio Telescope (MRT) and systematic positional errors in the images were found to be within 10% of the beamwidth for bright point sources after applying two-dimensional homography correction. The technique of using homography correction to eliminate systematic positional errors will be relevant for new generation radio telescopes, as they will only record images after a certain integration, rather than raw visibilities.', 8)
(' the complexity of the equation solvability problem is known for nilpotent groups , for not solvable groups and for some semidirect products of abelian groups .  we provide a new polynomial time algorithm for deciding the equation solvability problem over certain semidirect products , where the first factor is not necessarily abelian .  our main idea is to represent such groups as matrix groups , and reduce the original problem to equation solvability over the underlying field .  further , we apply this new method to give a much more efficient algorithm for equation solvability over nilpotent rings than previously existed . ', 'The complexity of the equation solvability problem is known for certain types of groups, including nilpotent groups, not solvable groups, and some semidirect products of abelian groups. The authors present a new polynomial time algorithm for deciding the equation solvability problem over certain semidirect products, where the first factor is not necessarily abelian, by representing the groups as matrix groups and reducing the problem to equation solvability over the underlying field.', 8)
(" the absorption of free linear chains in a polymer brush was studied with respect to chain size @xmath0 and compatibility @xmath1 with the brush by means of monte carlo ( mc ) simulations and density functional theory ( dft ) / self - consistent field theory ( scft ) at both moderate , @xmath2 , and high , @xmath3 , grafting densities using a bead - spring model .  different concentrations of the free chains @xmath4 are examined .     contrary to the case of @xmath5 when all species are almost completely ejected by the polymer brush irrespective of their length @xmath0 , for @xmath6 we find that the degree of absorption ( absorbed amount ) @xmath7 undergoes a sharp crossover from weak to strong ( @xmath8 ) absorption , discriminating between oligomers , @xmath9 , and longer chains . for  a moderately dense brush , @xmath2 , the longer species , @xmath10 , populate predominantly the deep inner part of the brush whereas in a dense brush @xmath3 they penetrate into the `` fluffy '' tail of the dense brush only .  gyration radius @xmath11 and end - to - end distance @xmath12 of absorbed chains thereby scale with length @xmath0 as free polymers in the bulk . using both mc and dft / scft methods for brushes of different chain length @xmath13  , we demonstrate the existence of unique _ critical _ value of compatibility @xmath14 . for @xmath15  the energy of free chains attains the _ same _ value , irrespective of length @xmath0 whereas the entropy of free chain displays a pronounced minimum . at @xmath16  all density profiles of absorbing chains with different @xmath0 intersect at the same distance from the grafting plane .     the penetration / expulsion kinetics of free chains into the polymer brush after an instantaneous change in their compatibility @xmath1 displays a rather rich behavior .  we find three distinct regimes of penetration kinetics of free chains regarding the length @xmath0 : i ( @xmath9 ) , ii ( @xmath17 ) , and iii ( @xmath18 ) , in which the time of absorption @xmath19 grows with @xmath0 at a different rate . during the initial stages of penetration into the brush one observes a power - law increase of @xmath20 with power @xmath21 whereby penetration of the free chains into the brush gets _  slower _ as their concentration rises . ", '  In this study, the absorption of free linear chains in a polymer brush was investigated using Monte Carlo (MC) simulations and density functional theory (DFT)/self-consistent field theory (SCFT) calculations. The results showed that the degree of absorption of the chains depends on their length and the compatibility between the chains and the brush, with a sharp crossover from weak to strong absorption occurring at a moderate grafting density. The longer chains populates the deep inner part of the brush for a moderately dense brush, while they penetrate into the "fluffy tail" of the dense brush. The penetration kinetics of free chains into the brush after an instantaneous change in compatibility displays a rich behavior with three distinct regimes, and the time of absorption grows with the length of the chains.', 8)
(' this work proposes a general framework for the design and simulation of network on chip based turbo decoder architectures .  several parameters in the design space are investigated , namely the network topology , the parallelism degree , the rate at which messages are sent by processing nodes over the network and the routing strategy .  the main results of this analysis are : i ) the most suited topologies to achieve high throughput with a limited complexity overhead are generalized de - bruijn and generalized kautz topologies ; ii ) depending on the throughput requirements different parallelism degrees , message injection rates and routing algorithms can be used to minimize the network area overhead . ', 'This work proposes a framework for designing and simulating network-on-chip (NoC) based turbo decoder architectures, investigating various parameters such as network topology, parallelism degree, message injection rate, and routing strategy. The main results show that generalized De-Bruijn and generalized Kautz topologies are the most suitable for high throughput with limited complexity overhead, and that different parallelism degrees, message injection rates, and routing algorithms can be used to minimize network area overhead depending on throughput requirements.', 8)
(' in a recent publication we have presented the stochastic green function ( sgf ) algorithm , which has the properties of being general and easy to apply to any lattice hamiltonian of the form @xmath0 , where @xmath1 is diagonal in the chosen occupation number basis and @xmath2 has only positive matrix elements .  we propose here a modified version of the update scheme that keeps the simplicity and generality of the original sgf algorithm , and enhances significantly its efficiency . ', '  The Stochastic Green Function (SGF) algorithm has been proposed for efficiently solving lattice Hamiltonians of the form $H = \\sum_x \\hat{h}(x)$ where $\\hat{h}(x)$ is diagonal in a chosen occupation number basis and has only positive matrix elements. A modified version of the update scheme has been proposed that maintains the simplicity and generality of the original SGF algorithm while significantly enhancing its efficiency.', 8)
(' american options in a multi - asset market model with proportional transaction costs are studied in the case when the holder of an option is able to exercise it gradually at a so - called mixed ( randomised ) stopping time . the introduction of gradual exercise leads to tighter bounds on the option price when compared to the case studied in the existing literature , where the standard assumption is that the option can only be exercised instantly at an ordinary stopping time .  algorithmic constructions for the bid and ask prices and the associated superhedging strategies and optimal mixed stoping times for an american option with gradual exercise are developed and implemented , and dual representations are established . ', '  In a multi-asset market model with proportional transaction costs, the study examines the impact of gradual exercise on American options. The introduction of gradual exercise leads to tighter bounds on option prices compared to the standard instantaneous exercise assumption, and algorithmic constructions for bid and ask prices, superhedging strategies, and optimal mixed stopping times are developed.', 8)
(' the no@xmath0a collaboration has constructed a 14,000 ton , fine - grained , low - z , total absorption tracking calorimeter at an off - axis angle to an upgraded numi neutrino beam .  this detector , with its excellent granularity and energy resolution and relatively low - energy neutrino thresholds , was designed to observe electron neutrino appearance in a muon neutrino beam , but it also has unique capabilities suitable for more exotic efforts .  in fact , if an efficient upward - going muon trigger with sufficient cosmic ray background rejection can be demonstrated , no@xmath0a will be capable of a competitive indirect dark matter search for low - mass wimps .  the cosmic ray muon rate at the no@xmath0a far detector is about 100 khz and provides the primary challenge for triggering and optimizing such a search analysis .  the status of the no@xmath0a upward - going muon trigger is presented . ', 'The NOvA collaboration has built a 14,000-ton fine-grained low-Z total absorption tracking calorimeter at an off-axis angle to an upgraded NuMI neutrino beam, which has excellent granularity and energy resolution and low-energy neutrino thresholds. The detector is capable of observing electron neutrino appearance in a muon neutrino beam, but it also has unique capabilities suitable for more exotic efforts, such as a competitive indirect dark matter search for low-mass WIMPs.', 8)
(' the structural energetics of pdti and ptti have been studied using first - principles density - functional theory with pseudopotentials and a plane - wave basis .  we predict that in both materials , the experimentally reported orthorhombic @xmath0 phase will undergo a low - temperature phase transition to a monoclinic @xmath1 ground state . within a soft - mode framework  , we relate the @xmath0 structure to the cubic @xmath2 structure , observed at high temperature , and the @xmath1 structure to @xmath0 via phonon modes strongly coupled to strain .  in contrast to niti , the @xmath0 structure is extremely close to hcp .  we draw on the analogy to the bcc - hcp transition to suggest likely transition mechanisms in the present case . ', '  In a study using first-principles density functional theory, researchers found that the orthorhombic phase of two materials, PDTI and PTTI, will transition to a monoclinic ground state at low temperatures. The transition is related to the cubic structure observed at high temperatures and the monoclinic structure via strongly coupled phonon modes and strain.', 8)
(" a simple systematic rule , inspired by high - temperature series expansion ( htse ) results , is proposed for optimizing the expression for thermodynamic observables of ferromagnets exhibiting critical behavior at @xmath0 .  this `` extended scaling '' scheme leads to a protocol for the choice of scaling variables , @xmath1 or @xmath2 depending on the observable instead of @xmath3 , and more importantly to temperature dependent non - critical prefactors for each observable .  the rule corresponds to scaling of the leading of the reduced susceptibility above @xmath0 as @xmath4 in agreement with standard practice with scaling variable @xmath5 , and for the leading term of the second - moment correlation length as @xmath6 . for the specific heat in bipartite lattices  the rule gives @xmath7^{-\\alpha}$ ] .  the latter two expressions are not standard .  the scheme can allow for confluent and non - critical correction terms .  a stringent test of the extended scaling is made through analyses of high precision numerical and htse data , or _ real _ data , on the three - dimensional canonical ising , xy , and heisenberg ferromagnets .  for the susceptibility @xmath8 and the correlation length @xmath9 of the three ferromagnets , their optimized expression , which consists of the leading term ( respectively @xmath10 and @xmath11 ) and a quite limited number of confluent and non - critical correction terms , represents _ real _ data to surprisingly good approximations over the entire temperature range from @xmath0 to infinity . the temperature dependent prefactors introduced are of crucial importance not only in fixing the optimized expression at relatively high temperatures but also in determining appropriately the small amplitude correction terms .  for the specific heat of the ising ferromagnet , @xmath12 combined with two non - critical correction terms which are calculated with no free parameters once the correlation length critical parameters are known , reproduces _ real _ data nicely also over the whole temperature range . ", '  A new rule for optimizing the expression of thermodynamic observables in ferromagnets with critical behavior near a critical point @xmath0 is proposed. The rule involves scaling variables @xmath1 or @xmath2 depending on the observable, and temperature-dependent non-critical prefactors. The scheme can accommodate confluent and non-critical correction terms and is tested through high-precision numerical and HTSE data, as well as real data, on three-dimensional canonical Ising, XY, and Heisenberg ferromagnets. The optimized expression for the susceptibility and correlation length of the three ferromagnets represent real data surprisingly well over the entire temperature range from @xmath0 to infinity, with temperature-dependent prefactors being crucial for fixing the expression at high temperatures and determining small amplitude correction terms.', 8)
(' we report the detection of a feature at 65@xmath0 m and a broad feature around 100@xmath0 m in the far - infrared spectra of the diffuse emission from two active star - forming regions , and .  the features are seen in the spectra over a wide area of the observed regions , indicating that the carriers are fairly ubiquitous species in the interstellar medium .  a similar 65@xmath0 m feature has been detected in evolved stars and attributed to diopside , a ca - bearing crystalline silicate .  the present observations indicate the first detection of a crystalline silicate in the interstellar medium if this identification holds true also for the interstellar feature . a similar broad feature around 90@xmath0 m reported in the spectra of evolved stars has been attributed to calcite , a ca - bearing carbonate mineral .  the interstellar feature seems to be shifted to longer wavelengths and have a broader width although the precise estimate of the feature profile is difficult . as a carrier for the interstellar 100@xmath0 m feature ,  we investigate the possibility that the feature originates from carbon onions , grains consisting of curved graphitic shells .  because of the curved graphitic sheet structure , the optical properties in the direction parallel to the graphitic plane interacts with those in the vertical direction in carbon onion grains .  this effect enhances the interband transition feature in the direction parallel to the graphitic plane in carbon onions , which is suppressed in graphite particles .  simple calculations suggest that carbon onion grains are a likely candidate for the observed 100@xmath0 m feature carrier , but the appearance of the feature is sensitive to the assumed optical properties . ', '  Scientists have detected a feature in the far-infrared spectra of two star-forming regions, which they believe may be caused by crystalline silicates. The feature is seen over a wide area of the observed regions and is similar to a previously detected feature in evolved stars, which is attributed to diopside.', 8)
(' we investigate the possible signature of the presence of giant pairing states at excitation energy of about 10 mev via two - particle transfer reactions induced by neutron - rich weakly - bound projectiles . performing particle - particle rpa calculations on @xmath0pb and bcs+rpa calculations on @xmath1sn  , we obtain the pairing strength distribution for two particles addition and removal modes .  estimates of two - particle transfer cross sections can be obtained in the framework of the macroscopic model. the weak - binding nature of the projectile kinematically favours transitions to high - lying states . in the case of @xmath2  reaction we predict a population of the giant pairing vibration with cross sections of the order of a millibarn , dominating over the mismatched transition to the ground state . ', '  In a study on the presence of giant pairing states at an excitation energy of around 10 MeV, researchers used two-particle transfer reactions induced by neutron-rich projectiles to investigate the pairing strength distribution for two particles. They obtained estimates of two-particle transfer cross sections using the macroscopic model and found that the weak binding nature of the projectiles favors transitions to high-lying states, with a predicted population of the giant pairing vibration with cross sections of around a millibarn.', 8)
(" in this paper , we consider modulation codes for practical multilevel flash memory storage systems with @xmath0 cell levels . instead of maximizing the lifetime of the device @xcite ,  we maximize the average amount of information stored per cell - level , which is defined as storage efficiency . using this framework  , we show that the worst - case criterion @xcite and the average - case criterion @xcite are two extreme cases of our objective function .  a self - randomized modulation code is proposed which is asymptotically optimal , as @xmath1 , for an arbitrary input alphabet and i.i.d .  input distribution .    in practical flash memory systems ,  the number of cell - levels @xmath0 is only moderately large .  so the asymptotic performance as @xmath1 may not tell the whole story . using the tools from load - balancing theory , we analyze the storage efficiency of the self - randomized modulation code .  the result shows that only a fraction of the cells are utilized when the number of cell - levels @xmath0 is only moderately large .  we also propose a load - balancing modulation code , based on a phenomenon known as `` the power of two random choices '' @xcite , to improve the storage efficiency of practical systems .  theoretical analysis and simulation results show that our load - balancing modulation codes can provide significant gain to practical flash memory storage systems .  though pseudo - random , our approach achieves the same load - balancing performance , for i.i.d . inputs , as a purely random approach based on the power of two random choices . ", '  In this paper, the authors consider modulation codes for practical multilevel flash memory storage systems with a large number of cell levels. They aim to maximize the average amount of information stored per cell level, rather than maximizing the lifetime of the device, which is the traditional approach. The authors propose a self-randomized modulation code that is asymptotically optimal for an arbitrary input alphabet and i.i.d. input distribution. They also analyze the storage efficiency of the code and show that only a fraction of the cells are utilized when the number of cell levels is moderately large. Finally, they propose a load-balancing modulation code based on a phenomenon known as "the power of two random choices" to improve the storage efficiency of practical systems.', 8)
(' we present results from the mid - infrared spectral mapping of stephan s quintet using the _ spitzer space telescope_. a 1000km@xmath0 collision ( @xmath1yr ) has produced a group - wide shock and for the first time the large - scale distribution of warm molecular hydrogen emission is revealed , as well as its close association with known shock structures . in the main shock region alone  we find 5.0  @xmath210@xmath3m@xmath4 of warm h@xmath5  spread over @xmath6480kpc@xmath7 and additionally report the discovery of a second major shock - excited h@xmath5  feature , likely a remnant of previous tidal interactions .  this brings the total h@xmath5  line luminosity of the group in excess of @xmath8 . in the main shock ,  the h@xmath5  line luminosity exceeds , by a factor of three , the x - ray luminosity from the hot shocked gas , confirming that the h@xmath9-cooling pathway dominates over the x - ray .  @xmath10siii@xmath11$]34.82emission , detected at a luminosity of 1/10th of that of the h@xmath9 , appears to trace the group - wide shock closely and in addition , we detect weak @xmath10feii@xmath11$]25.99  emission from the most x - ray luminous part of the shock .  comparison with shock models reveals that this emission is consistent with regions of fast shocks ( @xmath12km@xmath0 ) experiencing depletion of iron and silicon onto dust grains .     star formation in the shock ( as traced via ionic lines , pah and dust emission ) appears in the intruder galaxy , but most strikingly at either end of the radio shock .  the shock ridge itself shows little star formation , consistent with a model in which the tremendous h@xmath5  power is driven by turbulent energy transfer from motions in a post - shocked layer which suppresses star formation .  the significance of the molecular hydrogen lines over other measured sources of cooling in fast galaxy - scale shocks may have crucial implications for the cooling of gas in the assembly of the first galaxies . ', "  The Spitzer Space Telescope has mapped the mid-infrared emission from Stephan's Quintet, revealing a group-wide shock wave that has heated and ionized the gas. The shock has produced a large amount of warm molecular hydrogen emission, which is associated with known shock structures and has a total luminosity exceeding $8\\times10^9$ solar luminosities.", 8)
(' a ( non - circular ) de  bruijn sequence @xmath0 of order @xmath1 is a word such that every word of length @xmath1 appears exactly once in @xmath0 as a factor . in this paper  , we generalize the concept to a multi - shift setting : a @xmath2-shift de  bruijn sequence of order @xmath1 is a word such that every word of length @xmath1 appears exactly once in @xmath0 as a factor that starts at an index @xmath3 for some integer @xmath4 .  we show the number of the @xmath2-shift de  bruijn sequences of order @xmath1 is @xmath5 for @xmath6 and is @xmath7 for @xmath8 , where @xmath9 is the size of the alphabet .  we provide two algorithms for generating a multi - shift de  bruijn sequence .  the multi - shift de  bruijn sequence is important in solving the frobenius problem in a free monoid . ', '  A de Bruijn sequence is a sequence of symbols where every symbol appears exactly once as a factor, and the paper generalizes this concept to a multi-shift setting where the sequence is shifted by a certain number of positions and every symbol appears exactly once as a factor starting at a specific index. The number of multi-shift de Bruijn sequences of a given length is shown to be a function of the size of the alphabet and the shift number.', 8)
(" it is not possible to disentangle a qubit in an _ unknown _ state @xmath0 from a set of @xmath1 ancilla qubits prepared in a specific reference state @xmath2 .  that is , it is not possible to _ perfectly _ perform the transformation @xmath3 .  the question is then how well we can do ?  we consider a number of different methods of extracting an unknown state from an entangled state formed from that qubit and a set of ancilla qubits in an known state .  measuring the whole system is , as expected , the least effective method .  we present various quantum `` devices '' which disentangle the unknown qubit from the set of ancilla qubits .  in particular , we present the _ optimal universal _ disentangler which disentangles the unknown qubit with the fidelity which does not depend on the state of the qubit , and a probabilistic disentangler which performs the perfect disentangling transformation , but with a probability less than one .    *  pacs number : 03.67.-a , 03.65.bz *        2 ", 'It is not possible to perfectly disentangle a qubit in an unknown state from a set of ancilla qubits prepared in a specific reference state, according to the text. However, various quantum "devices" are presented in the text that can disentangle the unknown qubit from the ancilla qubits with varying degrees of success, including an optimal universal disentangler that disentangles the qubit with a fidelity that does not depend on the state of the qubit, and a probabilistic disentangler that performs the perfect disentangling transformation but with a probability less than one.', 8)
(' we calculate the josephson current between two one - dimensional ( 1d ) nanowires oriented along @xmath0 with proximity induced @xmath1-wave superconducting pairing and separated by a narrow dielectric barrier in the presence of both rashba spin - orbit interaction ( soi ) characterized by strength @xmath2 and zeeman fields ( @xmath3 along @xmath4 and @xmath5 in the @xmath6 plane ) .  we formulate a general method for computing the andreev bound states energy which allows us to obtain analytical expressions for the energy of these states in several asymptotic cases .  we find that in the absence of the magnetic fields the energy gap between the andreev bound states decreases with increasing rashba soi constant leading eventually to touching of the levels . in the absence of rashba soi , the andreev bound states depend on the magnetic fields and display oscillatory behavior with orientational angle of b leading to magneto - josephson effect .  we also present analytic expressions for the dc josephson current charting out their dependence on @xmath5 , @xmath3 , and @xmath2 .  we demonstrate the existence of finite spin - josephson current in these junctions in the presence of external magnetic fields and provide analytic expressions for its dependence on @xmath2 , @xmath7 and @xmath3 .  finally , we study the ac josephson effect in the presence of the soi ( for @xmath8 ) and an external radiation and show that the width of the resulting shapiro steps in such a system can be tuned by varying @xmath2 .  we discuss experiments which can test our theoretical results . ', '  In this study, the authors investigate the Josephson current between two one-dimensional nanowires with proximity-induced superconducting pairing and a narrow dielectric barrier in the presence of Rashba spin-orbit interaction and Zeeman fields. They develop a general method for computing the Andreev bound states energy and obtain analytical expressions for the energy of these states in various asymptotic cases. The authors find that the energy gap between the Andreev bound states decreases with increasing Rashba spin-orbit interaction, leading to touching of the levels. They also demonstrate the existence of a finite spin-Josephson current in the presence of external magnetic fields and provide analytical expressions for its dependence on certain parameters. Finally, they study the AC Josephson effect in the presence of Rashba spin-orbit interaction and external radiation, and show that the width of the resulting Shapiro steps can be tuned by varying certain parameters.', 8)
(" we discuss the mechanism of cluster formation in a numerical simulation of a molecular cloud ( mc ) undergoing global hierarchical collapse ( ghc ) , to understand how the gas motions in the parent cloud control the assembly of the cluster .  the global nature of the collapse implies that the star formation rate ( sfr ) increases over time .  the `` hierarchical '' nature of the collapse consists of small - scale collapses within larger - scale ones .  the large - scale collapses culminate a few myr later than the small - scale collapses and consist of filamentary flows that accrete onto massive , dense central clumps . in turn , the small - scale collapses form clumps embedded in the filaments , that are falling onto the central clump assembled by the ongoing large - scale collapse .  the stars formed in the early , small - scale collapses share the infall motion of their parent clumps towards the larger - scale potential well , so that the filaments feed both gaseous and stellar material to the massive central clump .  this leads to the presence of a few older stars in a region where new protostars are forming at a higher rate , and also to a self - similar or fractal - like structure of the clusters , in which each unit is composed of smaller - scale sub - units , which approach each other and may eventually merge , explaining the frequently - observed morphology of cluster - forming regions .  moreover , because the older stars formed in the filaments share the infall motion of the gas onto the central clump , they tend to have larger velocities and to be distributed over larger areas than the younger stars formed in the central clump , where the gas from which they form has been shocked and has dissipated some kinetic energy .  finally , interpreting the imf as a probability distribution , so that the probability of forming a massive star is much lower than that of forming a low - mass one , implies that massive stars only form once the _ local _ sfr is large enough to sample the imf up to high masses . in combinaton with the increase of the sfr  , this implies that massive stars tend to appear late in the evolution of the mc , and only in the central massive clumps .  we discuss the correspondence of these features with observed properties of young stellar clusters , finding very good qualitative agreement , thus providing support to the scenario of global , hierarchical collapse of mcs , while explaining the origin of the observed cluster structure .     [ firstpage ]    galaxies : star clusters , gravitation , hydrodynamics , ism : clouds , stars : formation ", '  In a numerical simulation of a molecular cloud (MC) undergoing global hierarchical collapse (GHC), the mechanism of cluster formation is investigated to understand how gas motions in the parent cloud influence the assembly of clusters. The GHC implies that the star formation rate (SFR) increases over time, and the collapse occurs on a global scale with small-scale collapses within larger-scale ones. The large-scale collapses result in filamentary flows that accrete onto massive, dense central clumps, while the small-scale collapses form clumps embedded in the filaments that feed both gaseous and stellar material to the central clump. The simulation shows good qualitative agreement with observed properties of young stellar clusters, supporting the scenario of global, hierarchical collapse of MCs.', 8)
(' we review the theory and observations of star cluster disruption .  the three main phases and corresponding typical timescales of cluster disruption are : _  i ) infant mortality _ ( @xmath0  yr ) , _ ii ) stellar evolution _ ( @xmath1  yr ) and _ iii ) tidal relaxation _ ( @xmath2  yr ) . during all three phases  there are additional tidal external perturbations from the host galaxy . in this review  we focus on the physics and observations of phase i and on population studies of phases ii & iii and external perturbations ( concentrating on cluster - gmc interactions ) .  particular attention is given to the successes and short - comings of the lamers cluster disruption law , which has recently been shown to stand on a firm physical footing . ', 'Star cluster disruption occurs in three phases: infant mortality (lasting around 100 million years), stellar evolution (lasting around 10 billion years), and tidal relaxation (lasting around 100 billion years). During each phase, there are additional tidal external perturbations from the host galaxy.', 8)
(' the gravitational waves generated during supermassive black hole ( smbh ) coalescence are prime candidates for detection by the satellite lisa .  we use the extended press - schechter formalism combined with empirically motivated estimates for the smbh  dark matter halo mass relation and smbh occupation fraction to estimate the maximum coalescence rate for major smbh mergers . assuming efficient binary coalescence , and guided by the lowest nuclear black hole mass inferred in local galactic bulges and nearby low - luminosity active galactic nuclei ( @xmath0  m@xmath1 ) we predict approximately 15 detections per year at a signal to noise greater than five , in each of the inspiral and ringdown phases .  rare coalescences between smbhs having masses in excess of @xmath2  m@xmath1 will be more readily detected via gravitational waves from the ringdown phase .     [ firstpage ]    black hole physics , cosmology : theory , gravitational waves ', 'Gravitational waves generated during supermassive black hole (SMBH) coalescence are prime candidates for detection by the satellite LISA. Using the extended Press-Schechter formalism and empirically motivated estimates, the authors predict approximately 15 detections per year at a signal-to-noise ratio greater than 5 in each of the inspiral and ringdown phases, with rare coalescences between SMBHs having masses in excess of @xmath2 m@xmath1 being more readily detected via gravitational waves from the ringdown phase.', 8)
(' the notion that microparsec - scale black holes can be used to probe gigaparsec - scale physics may seem counterintuitive , at first . yet , the gravitational observatory _  lisa _ will detect cosmologically - distant coalescing pairs of massive black holes , accurately measure their luminosity distance and help identify an electromagnetic counterpart or a host galaxy .  a wide variety of new black hole studies and a gravitational version of hubble s diagram become possible if host galaxies are successfully identified .  furthermore , if dark energy is a manifestation of large - scale modified gravity , deviations from general relativistic expectations could become apparent in a gravitational signal propagated over cosmological scales , especially when compared to the electromagnetic signal from a same source .  finally , since inspirals of white dwarfs into massive black holes at cosmological distances may permit pre - merger localizations , we suggest that careful monitoring of these events and any associated electromagnetic counterpart could lead to high - precision cosmological measurements with _ lisa_. ', "Microparsec-scale black holes can be used to probe gigaparsec-scale physics, including the detection of cosmologically-distant coalescing pairs of massive black holes and the identification of their host galaxies. This could lead to a wide variety of new black hole studies and a gravitational version of Hubble's diagram, as well as the possibility of detecting deviations from general relativistic expectations due to dark energy or modified gravity.", 8)
(' sdssj094857.3 + 002225 is a very radio - loud narrow - line seyfert 1 ( nls1 ) galaxy . here  , we report our discovery of the intranight optical variability ( inov ) of this galaxy through the optical monitoring in the _ b _ and _ r _ bands that covered seven nights in 2009 .  violent rapid variability in the optical bands was identified in this rl - nls1 for the first time , and the amplitudes of the inov reaches 0.5 mag in both the _ b _ and _ r _ bands on the timescale of several hours .  the detection of the inov provides a piece of strong evidence supporting the fact that the object carries a relativistic jet with a small viewing angle , which confirms the conclusion drawn from the previous multi - wavelength studies . ', 'A galaxy known as SDSSJ094857.3+002225 has been found to exhibit violent and rapid optical variability, with amplitude changes of up to 0.5 magnitudes in both the B and R bands over a timescale of several hours. This variability provides strong evidence for the presence of a relativistic jet in the galaxy, which is consistent with previous multi-wavelength studies.', 8)
(' we compute the quasi - normal ( qn ) frequencies for the regular bardeen de sitter ( bds ) black hole due to massless and massive scalar field perturbations as well as the massless dirac perturbations .  we analyze the behaviour of both real and imaginary parts of quasinormal frequencies by varying the black hole parameters . ', '  In this study, the quasi-normal frequencies (qn) of a Bardeen-De Sitter (BDS) black hole are computed for massless and massive scalar field perturbations, as well as massless Dirac perturbations. The behavior of both the real and imaginary parts of the qn frequencies are analyzed as the black hole parameters are varied.', 8)
(' we present far - ultraviolet photometry obtained with the _ hubble space telescope _ of the low - mass x - ray binary 4u 0513 - 40 in the globular cluster ngc  1851 .  our observations reveal a clear , roughly sinusoidal periodic signal with @xmath0  min and amplitude 3%-10% .  the signal appears fully coherent and can be modelled as a simple reprocessing effect associated with the changing projected area presented by the irradiated face of a white dwarf donor star in the system .  all of these properties suggest that the signal we have detected is orbital in nature , thus confirming 4u 0513 - 40 as an ultracompact x - ray binary ( ucxb ) .  all four confirmed ucxbs in globular clusters have orbital periods below 30 minutes , whereas almost all ucxbs in the galactic field have orbital periods longer than this .  this suggests that the dynamical formation processes dominate ucxb production in clusters , producing a different orbital period distribution than observed among field ucxbs .  based on the likely system parameters , we show that 4u 0513 - 40 should be a strong gravitational wave source and may be detectable by lisa over the course of a multi - year mission . ', '  The Hubble Space Telescope has observed a low-mass X-ray binary in the globular cluster NGC 1851, revealing a clear and coherent periodic signal with an orbital period of around 30 minutes. This signal confirms the binary as an ultracompact X-ray binary (UCXB) and suggests that the dynamical formation processes in globular clusters dominate the production of UCXBs, resulting in a different orbital period distribution compared to those in the galactic field.', 8)
(' we describe a formalism to calculate form factor and charge density distribution of the pion in the chiral limit using the holographic dual model of qcd with hard - wall cutoff .  we introduce two conjugate pion wave functions and present analytic expressions for these functions and for the pion form factor .  they allow to relate such observables as the pion decay constant and the pion charge electric radius to the values of chiral condensate and hard - wall cutoff scale . the evolution of the pion form factor to large values of the momentum transfer is discussed , and results are compared to existing experimental data . ', '  In this work, the authors develop a formalism to calculate the form factor and charge density distribution of the pion in the chiral limit using a holographic dual model of QCD with a hard-wall cutoff. They introduce conjugate pion wave functions and present analytic expressions for these functions and the pion form factor, which allow them to relate pion observables to the values of the chiral condensate and hard-wall cutoff scale.', 8)
(' we present high - resolution ultraviolet spectra of absorption - line systems toward the low@xmath0 qso 0624 ( @xmath1 ) .  coupled with ground - based imaging and spectroscopic galaxy redshifts , we find evidence that many of these absorbers do not arise in galaxy halos but rather are truly integalactic gas clouds distributed within large - scale structures , and moreover , the gas is cool ( @xmath2 k ) and has relatively high metallicity ( @xmath3 ) .  _ hst _ space telescope imaging spectrograph ( stis ) data reveal a dramatic cluster of 13 h@xmath4roman1  lines within a 1000  interval at @xmath5 .  we find 10 galaxies at this redshift with impact parameters ranging from @xmath6 kpc to 1.37 @xmath7 mpc .  the velocities and velocity spread of the  lines in this complex are unlikely to arise in the individual halos of the nearby galaxies ; instead , we attribute the absorption to intragroup medium gas , possibly from a large - scale filament viewed along its long axis .  contrary to theoretical expectations , this gas is not the shock - heated warm - hot intergalactic medium ( whim ) ; the width of the  lines all indicate a gas temperature @xmath8 k , and metal lines detected in the  complex also favor photoionised , cool gas  . no o@xmath4roman6 absorption lines are evident , which is consistent with photoionisation models .  remarkably , the metallicity is near - solar , [ m / h ] @xmath9 ( @xmath10 uncertainty ) , yet the nearest galaxy which might pollute the igm is at least 135  @xmath7 kpc away .  tidal stripping from nearby galaxies appears to be the most likely origin of this highly enriched , cool gas .  more than six abell galaxy clusters are found within @xmath11 of the sight line suggesting that the qso line of sight passes near a node in the cosmic web . at @xmath12 0.077 ,  we find absorption systems as well as galaxies at the redshift of the nearby clusters abell 564 and abell 559 .  we conclude that the sight line pierces a filament of gas and galaxies feeding into these clusters .  the absorber at @xmath13 = 0.07573 associated with abell 564/559 also has a high metallicity with [ c / h ] @xmath14 , but again the closest galaxy is relatively far from the sight line ( @xmath15 kpc ) .  the doppler parameters and h@xmath4roman1 column densities of the ly@xmath16 lines observed along the entire sight line are consistent with those measured toward other low@xmath0 qsos , including a number of broad ( @xmath17  )  lines .    intergalactic medium   galaxies : abundances  large - scale structure of the universe  quasars : individual ( hs0624@xmath186907 ) ', 'The authors present high-resolution ultraviolet spectra of absorption-line systems towards a low-redshift quasar, HS0624+35, and find evidence that many of these absorbers are not associated with galaxy halos but are instead distributed within large-scale structures. They also find that the gas is cool and has a relatively high metallicity, which is unexpected given theoretical predictions of the intergalactic medium (IGM) composition.', 8)
(' models where dark matter and dark energy interact with each other have been proposed to solve the coincidence problem .  we review the motivations underlying the need to introduce such interaction , its influence on the background dynamics and how it modifies the evolution of linear perturbations .  we test models using the most recent observational data and we find that the interaction is compatible with the current astronomical and cosmological data . finally , we describe the forthcoming data sets from current and future facilities that are being constructed or designed that will allow a clearer understanding of the physics of the dark sector . ', '  Models of dark matter and dark energy interacting with each other have been proposed to solve the "coincidence problem" in cosmology. These models have been tested using recent observational data and found to be compatible with current astronomical and cosmological data, suggesting that the interaction between dark matter and dark energy may help explain the evolution of the universe.', 8)
(" the convergence of the perturbation expansion for the effective interaction to be used in shell - model calculations is investigated as function of the mass number @xmath0 , from @xmath1 to @xmath2 . as the mass number increases , there are more intermediate states to sum over in each higher - order diagram which contributes to the effective interaction . together with the fact that the energy denominators in each diagram are smaller for larger mass numbers , these two effects could largely enhance higher - order contributions to the effective interaction , thereby deteriorating the order - by - order convergence of the effective interaction .  this effect is counterbalanced by the short range of the nucleon - nucleon interaction , which implies that its matrix elements are weaker for valence single - particle states in `` large '' nuclei with large mass number as compared to those in light nuclei .  these effects are examined by comparing various mean values of the matrix elements .  it turns out that the contributions from higher - order terms remain fairly stable as the mass number increases from @xmath1 to @xmath2 .  the implications for nuclear structure calculations are discussed . ", '  The effective interaction in shell model calculations converges less well as the mass number of the nucleus increases due to more intermediate states to sum over in each higher-order diagram and smaller energy denominators. However, the short-range of the nucleon-nucleon interaction counterbalances this effect, resulting in relatively stable contributions from higher-order terms as the mass number increases.', 8)
(' strong magnetic barriers are defined in two - dimensional electron gases by magnetizing dysprosium ferromagnetic platelets on top of a ga[al]as heterostructure .  a small resistance across the barrier is observed even deep inside the closed regime .  we have used semiclassical simulations to explain this behavior quantitatively in terms of a combined effect of elastic electron scattering inside the barrier region and e x b drift at the intersection of the magnetic barrier with the edge of the hall bar . ', '  Strong magnetic barriers in 2D electron gases are created by sandwiching a dysprosium ferromagnetic platelet between a gallium arsenide (GaAs) heterostructure. Even in the closed regime, a small resistance is observed across the barrier due to a combination of elastic electron scattering and drift at the intersection of the magnetic barrier and the edge of the Hall bar.', 8)
(" we introduce and motivate the method of effective charges , and consider how to implement an all - orders resummation of large kinematical logarithms in this formalism  . fits for qcd @xmath0 and power corrections are performed for the @xmath1 event shape obesrvables 1-thrust and heavy - jet mass , and somewhat smaller power corrections found than in the usual approach employing the `` physical scale '' choice . ", '  In this text, the authors introduce a new method called "effective charges" to resum large kinematical logarithms in QCD calculations. They demonstrate the method\'s effectiveness by performing resummations for two event shape observables, thrust and heavy jet mass, and find smaller power corrections than in the traditional approach using a physical scale choice.', 8)
(" from social networks to p2p systems , network sampling arises in many settings .  we present a detailed study on the nature of biases in network sampling strategies to shed light on how best to sample from networks .  we investigate connections between specific biases and various measures of structural representativeness .  we show that certain biases are , in fact , beneficial for many applications , as they `` push '' the sampling process towards inclusion of desired properties .  finally , we describe how these sampling biases can be exploited in several , real - world applications including disease outbreak detection and market research .     [ data mining ] ", 'Network sampling strategies, which include social networks and P2P systems, often suffer from biases that can affect the representativeness of the sample. By investigating the connections between specific biases and measures of structural representativeness, we found that certain biases can actually be beneficial for certain applications, such as disease outbreak detection and market research, by "pushing" the sampling process towards desired properties.', 8)
(' we discuss the production of real or virtual photons in a quark - gluon plasma .    laboratoire de physique thorique lapth , + bp110 , f-74941 , annecy le vieux cedex , france    lapth - conf-810/2000 ', '  In the study, researchers investigate the production of real or virtual photons in a quark-gluon plasma at the Laboratoire de Physique Théorique in Annecy, France. The study aims to better understand the behavior of photons in this state of matter, which is believed to have existed in the early universe.', 8)
(' recently , a multi - level fuzzy min max neural network ( mlf ) was proposed , which improves the classification accuracy by handling an overlapped region ( area of confusion ) with the help of a tree structure . in this brief ,  an extension of mlf is proposed which defines a new boundary region , where the previously proposed methods mark decisions with less confidence and hence misclassification is more frequent . a methodology to classify patterns  more accurately is presented .  our work enhances the testing procedure by means of data centroids .  we exhibit an illustrative example , clearly highlighting the advantage of our approach .  results on standard datasets are also presented to evidentially prove a consistent improvement in the classification rate .     hyperbox , fuzzy min - max , data centroids , neural networks , neurofuzzy , classification , machine learning . ', '  A new extension of a multi-level fuzzy neural network (MLF) was proposed to improve classification accuracy by handling overlapping regions with a tree structure. The extension defines a new boundary region where previous methods have less confidence, leading to more misclassifications.', 8)
(' we analyse star formation in the nuclei of 9 seyfert galaxies at spatial resolutions down to 0.085 , corresponding to length scales of order 10pc in most objects .  our data were taken mostly with the near infrared adaptive optics integral field spectrograph sinfoni .  the stellar light profiles typically have size scales of a few tens of parsecs . in two cases  there is unambiguous kinematic evidence for stellar disks on these scales . in the nuclear regions there  appear to have been recent  but no longer active  starbursts in the last 10 - 300myr . the stellar luminosity is less than a few percent of the agn in the central 10pc , whereas on kiloparsec scales the luminosities are comparable . the surface stellar luminosity density follows a similar trend in all the objects , increasing steadily at smaller radii up to @xmath0l@xmath1kpc@xmath2 in the central few parsecs , where the mass surface density exceeds 10@xmath3m@xmath1pc@xmath2 .  the intense starbursts were probably eddington limited and hence inevitably short - lived , implying that the starbursts occur in multiple short bursts .  the data hint at a delay of 50100myr between the onset of star formation and subsequent fuelling of the black hole .  we discuss whether this may be a consequence of the role that stellar ejecta could play in fuelling the black hole .  while a significant mass is ejected by ob winds and supernovae , their high velocity means that very little of it can be accreted . on  the other hand winds from agb stars ultimately dominate the total mass loss , and they can also be accreted very efficiently because of their slow speeds . ', 'The study analyzes star formation in the nuclei of 9 Seyfert galaxies using near-infrared adaptive optics integral field spectroscopy. In the central regions of these galaxies, recent but no longer active starbursts occurred in the last 10-300 million years, with a delay of 50-100 million years between the onset of star formation and the subsequent fueling of the black hole.', 8)
(' we have developed a new , very efficient numerical scheme to solve the cr diffusion convection equation that can be applied to the study of the nonlinear time evolution of cr modified shocks for arbitrary spatial diffusion properties .  the efficiency of the scheme derives from its use of coarse - grained finite momentum volumes .  this approach has enabled us , using @xmath0 momentum bins spanning nine orders of magnitude in momentum , to carry out simulations that agree well with results from simulations of modified shocks carried out with our conventional finite difference scheme requiring more than an order of magnitude more momentum points .  the coarse - grained , cgmv scheme reduces execution times by a factor approximately half the ratio of momentum bins used in the two methods . depending on the momentum dependence of the diffusion ,  additional economies in required spatial and time resolution can be utilized in the cgmv scheme , as well .  these allow a computational speed - up of at least an order of magnitude in some cases .    , ', 'Researchers have developed a new numerical scheme, called the coarse-grained, finite momentum volume (CGMV) method, to solve the Cahn-Hilliard diffusion equation. This method is more efficient than traditional methods because it uses fewer momentum points, reducing computational times by a factor of approximately half.', 8)
(' we have used high - resolution , hst wfc3/ir , near - infrared imaging to conduct a detailed bulge - disk decomposition of the morphologies of @xmath0 of the most massive ( @xmath1 ) galaxies at @xmath2 in the candels - uds field .  we find that , while such massive galaxies at low redshift are generally bulge - dominated , at redshifts @xmath3 they are predominantly mixed bulge+disk systems , and by @xmath4 they are mostly disk - dominated .  interestingly , we find that while most of the quiescent galaxies are bulge - dominated , a significant fraction ( @xmath5% ) of the most quiescent galaxies , have disk - dominated morphologies  . thus , our results suggest that the physical mechanisms which quench star - formation activity are not simply connected to those responsible for the morphological transformation of massive galaxies . ', '  Using high-resolution imaging, researchers studied the morphologies of the most massive galaxies at different redshifts in the CANDELS-UDS field and found that while these galaxies were generally bulge-dominated at low redshift, they became predominantly mixed bulge+disk systems at higher redshift, and by even higher redshift, they were mostly disk-dominated. Additionally, they found that a significant fraction (around 5%) of the most quiescent galaxies had disk-dominated morphologies, suggesting that the mechanisms that quench star formation activity are not the same as those responsible for the morphological transformation of massive galaxies.', 8)
(' this paper considers @xmath0-graphs in which all vertices have degree 4 or 6 , and studies the question of calculating the genus of nonorientable surfaces into which such graphs may be embedded . in a previous paper @xcite by the authors , the problem of calculating whether a given @xmath0-graph in which all vertices have degree 4 or 6 admits a @xmath1-homologically trivial embedding into a given orientable surface was shown to be equivalent to a problem on matrices . here  we extend those results to nonorientable surfaces .  the embeddability condition that we obtain yields quadratic - time algorithms to determine whether a @xmath0-graph with all vertices of degree 4 or 6 admits a @xmath1-homologically trivial embedding into the projective plane or into the klein bottle .     * keywords : * graph , @xmath0-graph , surface , embedding , genus    * ams subject classification : * primary 05c10 ; secondary 57c15 , 57c27 ', 'The paper explores the problem of embedding nonorientable surfaces into graphs with vertices of degree 4 or 6, known as @xmath0-graphs. The authors extend previous results on orientable surfaces to nonorientable surfaces, showing that the embeddability condition can be used to determine whether a @xmath0-graph admits a homologically trivial embedding into a given surface in quadratic time.', 8)
(' a coordinated cyber - attack on grid meter readings and breaker statuses can lead to incorrect state estimation that can subsequently destabilize the grid .  this paper studies cyber - attacks by an adversary that changes breaker statuses on transmission lines to affect the estimation of the grid topology .  the adversary , however , is incapable of changing the value of any meter data and can only block recorded measurements on certain lines from being transmitted to the control center .  the proposed framework , with limited resource requirements as compared to standard data attacks , thus extends the scope of cyber - attacks to grids secure from meter corruption .  we discuss necessary and sufficient conditions for feasible attacks using a novel graph - coloring based analysis and show that an optimal attack requires breaker status change at only one transmission line .  the potency of our attack regime is demonstrated through simulations on ieee test cases . ', 'A coordinated cyber attack on grid meter readings and breaker statuses can lead to incorrect state estimation and destabilize the grid. This paper studies the impact of an adversary changing breaker statuses on transmission lines to affect grid topology estimation, while limiting the ability to corrupt meter data.', 8)
(' dense cores are the simplest star - forming sites that we know , but despite their simplicity , they still hold a number of mysteries that limit our understanding of how solar - type stars form . alma promises to revolutionize our knowledge of every stage in the life of a core , from the pre - stellar phase to the final disruption by the newly born star .  this contribution presents a brief review of the evolution of dense cores and illustrates particular questions that will greatly benefit from the increase in resolution and sensitivity expected from alma . ', '  Dense cores are the simplest star-forming sites, yet they hold mysteries that limit our understanding of how solar-type stars form. ALMA promises to revolutionize our knowledge of dense cores by providing high-resolution and sensitive observations of every stage in their life cycle, from pre-stellar to final disruption by the newly born star.', 8)
(' we have examined the  relation for early - type galaxies in the efar sample and its dependence on cluster properties .  a comprehensive maximum likelihood treatment of the sample selection and measurement errors gives fits to the global  relation of @xmath0 and @xmath1 .  the slope of these relations is 25% steeper than that obtained by most other authors due to the reduced bias of our fitting method .  the intrinsic scatter in the global  relation is estimated to be 0.016  mag in  and 0.023  mag in .  the  relation for cd galaxies has a higher zeropoint than for e and s0 galaxies , implying that cds are older and/or more metal - rich than other early - type galaxies with the same velocity dispersion .     we investigate the variation in the zeropoint of the  relation between clusters .  we find it is consistent with the number of galaxies observed per cluster and the intrinsic scatter between galaxies in the global  relation .  we find no significant correlation between the  zeropoint and the cluster velocity dispersion , x - ray luminosity or x - ray temperature over a wide range in cluster mass .  these results provide constraints for models of the formation of elliptical galaxies .  however the  relation on its own does not place strong limits on systematic errors in fundamental plane distance estimates due to stellar population differences between clusters .     we compare the intrinsic scatter in the  and fundamental plane ( fp ) relations with stellar population models in order to constrain the dispersion in ages , metallicities and @xmath2 ratios for early - type galaxies at fixed velocity dispersion .  we find that variations in age alone or metallicity alone can not explain the measured intrinsic scatter in both  and the fp .  we derive the joint constraints on the dispersion in age and metallicity implied by the scatter in the and fp relations for a simple gaussian model .  we find upper limits on the dispersions in age and metallicity at fixed velocity dispersion of 32% in @xmath3 and 38% in @xmath4 if the variations in age and metallicity are uncorrelated ; only strongly anti - correlated variations lead to significantly higher upper limits .  the joint distribution of residuals from the  and fp relations is only marginally consistent with a model having no correlation between age and metallicity , and is better - matched by a model in which age and metallicity variations are moderately anti - correlated ( @xmath5@xmath640% , @xmath4@xmath650% and @xmath7@xmath6@xmath80.5 ) , with younger galaxies being more metal - rich .     galaxies : distances and redshifts  galaxies : elliptical and lenticular , cd  galaxies : stellar content  galaxies : formation  galaxies : evolution ', 'The authors of the paper examine the relation between the distances of early-type galaxies and their properties, such as velocity dispersion, and find that the slope of the relation is steeper than previously thought, with a higher zero-point for CD galaxies. They also investigate the variation in the zero-point of the relation between clusters and find no significant correlation with cluster properties such as velocity dispersion, X-ray luminosity, or temperature.', 8)
(' we present a theoretical study on the orbital magnetism in multilayer graphenes within the effective mass approximation .  the hamiltonian and thus susceptibility can be decomposed into contributions from sub - systems equivalent to monolayer or bilayer graphene .  the monolayer - type subband exists only in odd layers and exhibits a delta - function susceptibility at @xmath0 .  the bilayer - type subband appearing in every layer number gives a singular structure in the vicinity of @xmath0 due to the trigonal warping as well as a logarithmic tail away from @xmath0 .  the integral of the susceptibility over energy is approximately given only by the layer number . ', '  In a theoretical study, the authors investigate the orbital magnetism in multilayer graphene using the effective mass approximation. They find that the Hamiltonian and susceptibility can be decomposed into contributions from sub-systems equivalent to monolayer or bilayer graphene, with unique properties in each sub-system.', 8)
(' heating mechanisms of the solar corona will be investigated at the high - altitude solar observatory lomnicky peak of the astronomical institute of sas ( slovakia ) using its mid - size lyot coronagraph and post - focal instrument secis provided by astronomical institute of the university of wrocaw ( poland ) .  the data will be studied with respect to the energy transport and release responsible for heating the solar corona to temperatures of mega - kelvins . in particular investigations  will be focused on detection of possible high - frequency mhd waves in the solar corona .  the scientific background of the project , technical details of the secis system modified specially for the lomnicky peak coronagraph , and inspection of the test data are described in the paper . ', "Researchers at the Lomnicky Peak Observatory in Slovakia will use a mid-size Lyot coronagraph and post-focal instrument provided by the University of Warsaw's Astronomical Institute to investigate the heating mechanisms of the solar corona. The study will focus on detecting high-frequency MHD waves in the solar corona and understanding the energy transport and release responsible for heating it to extremely high temperatures.", 8)
(' in this article we present a review of the radon transform and the instability of the tomographic reconstruction process .  we show some new mathematical results in tomography obtained by a variational formulation of the reconstruction problem based on the minimization of a mumford - shah type functional .  finally , we exhibit a physical interpretation of this new technique and discuss some possible generalizations .     i    _ keywords _ : radon transform ; integral geometry ; image segmentation ; calculus of variations . ', '  In this article, the authors review the radon transform and instability of tomographic reconstruction, presenting new mathematical results using a variational formulation based on minimizing a Mumford-Shah functional. This approach provides a physical interpretation and possible generalizations of the technique.', 8)
(' we present an elementary proof concerning reciprocal transmittances and reflectances .  the proof is direct , simple , and valid for the diverse objects that can be absorptive and induce diffraction and scattering , as long as the objects respond linearly and locally to electromagnetic waves .  the proof enables students who understand the basics of classical electromagnetics to grasp the physical basis of reciprocal optical responses .  in addition , we show an example to demonstrate reciprocal response numerically and experimentally . ', '  In this text, the authors present a simple and direct proof of the reciprocal transmittance and reflectance of objects that respond linearly and locally to electromagnetic waves. This proof is applicable to a wide range of objects, including those that absorb, diffract, and scatter light, and can help students understand the physical basis of reciprocal optical responses.', 8)
(' we continue our work on developing techniques for studying turbulence with spectroscopic data .  we show that doppler - broadened absorption spectral lines , in particularly , saturated absorption lines , can be used within the framework of the earlier - introduced technique termed the velocity coordinate spectrum ( vcs ) .  the vcs relates the statistics of fluctuations along the velocity coordinate to the statistics of turbulence , thus it does not require spatial coverage by sampling directions in the plane of the sky .  we consider lines with different degree of absorption and show that for lines of optical depth less than one , our earlier treatment of the vcs developed for spectral emission lines is applicable , if the optical depth is used instead of intensity .  this amounts to correlating the logarithms of absorbed intensities . for larger optical depths and saturated absorption lines , we show , that the amount of information that one can use is , inevitably , limited by noise . in practical terms  , this means that only wings of the line are available for the analysis . in terms of the vcs formalism , this results in introducing an additional window , which size decreases with the increase of the optical depth . as a result  , strongly saturated absorption lines carry the information only about the small scale turbulence . nevertheless , the contrast of the fluctuations corresponding to the small scale turbulence increases with the increase of the optical depth , which provides advantages for studying turbulence combining lines with different optical depths . we show that , eventually , at very large optical depths the lorentzian profile of the line gets important and extracting information on velocity turbulence , gets impossible . combining different absorption lines one can tomography turbulence in the interstellar gas in all its complexity ', 'Researchers continue to develop techniques for studying turbulence using spectroscopic data, including the use of Doppler-broadened absorption spectral lines. The velocity coordinate spectrum (VCS) method is used to relate fluctuations along the velocity coordinate to turbulence statistics, without requiring spatial coverage in the plane of the sky.', 8)
(' an approach is proposed to nuclear pairing at finite temperature and angular momentum , which includes the effects of the quasiparticle - number fluctuation and dynamic coupling to pair vibrations within the self - consistent quasiparticle random - phase approximation .  the numerical calculations of pairing gaps , total energies , and heat capacities are carried out within a doubly folded multilevel model as well as several realistic nuclei .  the results obtained show that , in the region of moderate and strong couplings , the sharp transition between the superconducting and normal phases is smoothed out , causing a thermal pairing gap , which does not collapse at a critical temperature predicted by the conventional bardeen - cooper - schrieffer s ( bcs ) theory , but has a tail extended to high temperatures .  the theory also predicts the appearance of a thermally assisted pairing in hot rotating nuclei . ', 'An approach is proposed to study nuclear pairing at finite temperature and angular momentum, including the effects of quasiparticle-number fluctuations and dynamic coupling to pair vibrations. Numerical calculations are carried out within a doubly folded multilevel model and realistic nuclei, showing that the sharp transition between the superconducting and normal phases is smoothed out at moderate and strong couplings, resulting in a thermal pairing gap that extends to high temperatures.', 8)
(' we study a new class of networks , generated by sequences of letters taken from a finite alphabet consisting of @xmath0 letters ( corresponding to @xmath0 types of nodes ) and a fixed set of connectivity rules .  recently , it was shown how a binary alphabet might generate threshold nets in a similar fashion [ hagberg et al .  , phys .   rev .   e 74 , 056116 ( 2006 ) ] . just like threshold nets ,  sequence nets in general possess a modular structure reminiscent of everyday life nets , and are easy to handle analytically ( i.e. , calculate degree distribution , shortest paths , betweenness centrality , etc . ) .  exploiting symmetry , we make a full classification of two- and three - letter sequence nets , discovering two new classes of two - letter sequence nets .  the new sequence nets retain many of the desirable analytical properties of threshold nets while yielding richer possibilities for the modeling of everyday life complex networks more faithfully . ', '  Researchers study a new class of networks called sequence nets, generated by sequences of letters from a finite alphabet. These networks possess a modular structure similar to everyday life networks and can be analyzed easily, with desirable properties such as degree distribution, shortest paths, and betweenness centrality.', 8)
(' although finding numerically the quasinormal modes of a nonrotating black hole is a well - studied question , the physics of the problem is often hidden behind complicated numerical procedures aimed at avoiding the direct solution of the spectral system in this case . in this article  , we use the exact analytical solutions of the regge - wheeler equation and the teukolsky radial equation , written in terms of confluent heun functions . in both cases ,  we obtain the quasinormal modes numerically from spectral condition written in terms of the heun functions .  the frequencies are compared with ones already published by andersson and other authors .  a new method of studying the branch cuts in the solutions is presented  the epsilon - method . in particular , we prove that the mode @xmath0 is not algebraically special and find its value with more than 6 firm figures of precision for the first time .  the stability of that mode is explored using the @xmath1 method , and the results show that this new method provides a natural way of studying the behavior of the modes around the branch cut points . ', 'The article discusses a new method for numerically finding quasinormal modes of a non-rotating black hole using exact analytical solutions of the Regge-Wheeler equation and the Teukolsky radial equation. The method involves obtaining the quasinormal modes from spectral conditions written in terms of confluent Heun functions, and the frequencies are compared with previously published results.', 8)
(' we report on our search for the optical counterparts of the southern hemisphere anomalous x - ray pulsar 1e1048.1 - 5937 and the radio - quiet neutron stars in supernova remnants puppis a , rcw 103 , and pks 1209 - 52 .  the observations were carried out with the new mit / cfa magic camera on the magellan - i 6.5 m telescope in chile .  we present deep multiband optical images of the x - ray error circles for each of these targets and discuss the resulting candidates and limits .     # 1_#1 _ # 1_#1 _ =    # 1 1.25 in .125 in .25 in ', 'The authors observed the optical counterparts of anomalous X-ray pulsars and radio-quiet neutron stars in supernova remnants using the MIT/CFA Magic Camera on the Magellan-I telescope in Chile. They present deep multiband optical images of the X-ray error circles for each target and discuss the resulting candidates and limits.', 8)
(" in many analyses in high energy physics , attempts are made to remove the effects of detector smearing in data by techniques referred to as `` unfolding '' histograms , thus obtaining estimates of the true values of histogram bin contents .  such unfolded histograms are then compared to theoretical predictions , either to judge the goodness of fit of a theory , or to compare the abilities of two or more theories to describe the data .  when doing this , even informally , one is testing hypotheses .  however , a more fundamentally sound way to test hypotheses is to smear the theoretical predictions by simulating detector response and then comparing to the data without unfolding ; this is also frequently done in high energy physics , particularly in searches for new physics .  one can thus ask : to what extent does hypothesis testing after unfolding data materially reproduce the results obtained from testing by smearing theoretical predictions ?  we argue that this `` bottom - line - test '' of unfolding methods should be studied more commonly , in addition to common practices of examining variance and bias of estimates of the true contents of histogram bins .  we illustrate bottom - line - tests in a simple toy problem with two hypotheses . ", '  In high energy physics, researchers use techniques called "unfolding histograms" to remove the effects of detector smearing in data and compare the resulting estimates to theoretical predictions. However, a more fundamental way to test hypotheses is to simulate detector response and compare the results to the data without unfolding, which is less commonly done but can provide a more accurate assessment of the effectiveness of unfolding methods.', 8)
(" here we report our recent study on the spectral energy distribution ( sed ) of the high frequency bllac object mrk421 in different luminosity states .  we used a full - fledged @xmath0-minimization procedure instead of more commonly used `` eyeball '' fit to model the observed flux of the source ( from optical to very high energy ) , with a synchrotron - self - compton ( ssc ) emission mechanism .  our study shows that the synchrotron power and peak frequency remain constant with varying source activity , and the magnetic field ( @xmath1 ) decreases with the source activity while the break energy of electron spectrum ( @xmath2 ) and the doppler factor ( @xmath3 ) increase .  since a lower magnetic field and higher density of electrons result in increased electron - photon scattering efficiency , the compton power increases , so does the total emission . ", '  In a recent study, researchers examined the spectral energy distribution (SED) of the high-frequency blazar Mark 421 in different luminosity states using a full @xmath0-minimization procedure. They found that the synchrotron power and peak frequency remain constant with varying source activity, while the magnetic field, break energy of electron spectrum, and Doppler factor decrease.', 8)
(' we introduce a microscopic model aimed at describing superconductivity that can possibly exist in the background of a magnetic texture called  spin - vortex checkerboard " .  this texture was proposed previously as a possible alternative to stripes to interpret the experimental phenomenology of spin and charge modulations in 1/8-doped lanthanum cuprates .  the model involves two kinds of interacting fermionic excitations residing in spin - rich and spin - poor regions of the modulated structure .  it is a generalization of another model developed earlier for the so - called  grid checkerboard " .  we present the mean - field solution of the model , from which we obtain model s predictions for the temperature evolution of the superconducting gap , compare these predictions with available experiments on high-@xmath0 cuprate superconductors and find a good overall agreement . ', 'A new microscopic model for superconductivity in the background of a magnetic texture called a "spin-vortex checkerboard" is introduced. The model involves two types of interacting fermionic excitations in spin-rich and spin-poor regions of the modulated structure, and is a generalization of an earlier model for a similar "grid checkerboard" structure.', 8)
(' a new fixed - target experiment at the cern sps accelerator is proposed that will use decays of charm mesons to search for heavy neutral leptons ( hnls ) , which are right - handed partners of the standard model neutrinos .  the existence of such particles is strongly motivated by theory , as they can simultaneously explain the baryon asymmetry of the universe , account for the pattern of neutrino masses and oscillations and provide a dark matter candidate .     cosmological constraints on the properties of hnls now indicate that the majority of the interesting parameter space for such particles was beyond the reach of the previous searches at the ps191 , bebc , charm , ccfr and nutev experiments .  for hnls with mass below @xmath0gev , the proposed experiment will improve on the sensitivity of previous searches by four orders of magnitude and will cover a major fraction of the parameter space favoured by theoretical models .     the experiment requires a 400gev proton beam from the sps with a total of @xmath1 protons on target , achievable within five years of data taking .  the proposed detector will reconstruct exclusive hnl decays and measure the hnl mass .  the apparatus is based on existing technologies and consists of a target , a hadron absorber , a muon shield , a decay volume and two magnetic spectrometers , each of which has a 0.5tm magnet , a calorimeter and a muon detector .  the detector has a total length of about 100 m with a 5 m diameter .  the complete experimental set - up could be accommodated in cern s north area .     the discovery of a hnl would have a great impact on our understanding of nature and open a new area for future research .      + cern - spsc-2013 - 024  /  spsc - eoi-010 +   +   +    proposal to search for heavy neutral leptons at the sps    w.  bonivento@xmath2 , a.  boyarsky@xmath3 , h.  dijkstra@xmath4 , u.  egede@xmath5 , m.  ferro - luzzi@xmath4 , b.  goddard@xmath4 , a.  golutvin@xmath5 , d.  gorbunov@xmath6 , r.  jacobsson@xmath4 , j.  panman@xmath4 , m.  patel@xmath5 , o.  ruchayskiy@xmath7 , t.  ruf@xmath4 , n.  serra@xmath8 , m.  shaposhnikov@xmath7 , d.  treille@xmath9 + ', 'The CERN SPs accelerator is proposing a new experiment to search for heavy neutral leptons (HNLs) using decays of charm mesons. The experiment aims to improve on previous searches by four orders of magnitude and cover a major fraction of the parameter space favored by theoretical models, with the potential to discover HNLs and deepen our understanding of nature.', 8)
(' ground state properties and excited states of ladder - type paraphenylene oligomers are calculated applying semiempirical methods for up to eleven phenylene rings .  the results are in qualitative agreement with experimental data .  a new scheme to interpret the excited states is developed which reveals the excitonic nature of the excited states .  the electron - hole pair of the @xmath0-state has a mean distance of approximately 4   . ', '  In a study, the ground state and excited states of ladder-type paraphenylene oligomers were calculated using semi-empirical methods for up to eleven phenylene rings. The results were found to be in qualitative agreement with experimental data, and a new scheme was developed to interpret the excited states, revealing an excitonic nature of the excited states with an electron-hole pair mean distance of approximately 4 angstroms.', 8)
(' quantum systems out of equilibrium are now a subject of intensive research both in theoretical and experimental physics . in this paper  we study periodically modulated quantum systems which are in contact with a stationary environment . within the framework of lindblad quantum master equation ,  the asymptotic states of such systems are described by time - periodic density operators .  resolution of these operators is a non - trivial computational task .  approaches based on spectral and iterative methods are restricted to systems with the dimension of the hosting hilbert space @xmath0 , while the direct long - time integration of the master equation becomes problematic for @xmath1 . to overcome these limitations we use the quantum trajectory method which unravels the deterministic master equation for the density operator into a set of stochastic processes for wave functions .  this method avoids calculations of the kernel of the floquet superoperator ; instead the asymptotic density matrix is calculated by performing a statistical sampling preceded by a long transient propagation .  we present a high - accuracy realization of this idea based on exponential propagators combined with a time - stepping technique . employing a scalable model of interacting bosons hoping over a dimer  , we test the performance of the algorithm on a supercomputer .  we demonstrate that the algorithm allows to resolve non - equilibrium asymptotic states of model systems with @xmath2 on a small computer cluster thus reaching the scale on which numerical studies of isolated periodically - modulated systems are currently performed .     open quantum systems , lindblad equation , periodic modulations , quantum trajectories ', '  Quantum systems out of equilibrium are a focus of research in theoretical and experimental physics, particularly periodically modulated systems in contact with a stationary environment. The Lindblad quantum master equation is used to describe the asymptotic states of these systems, which can be difficult to compute due to the large size of the hosting Hilbert space. The quantum trajectory method is proposed as a solution, which unravels the master equation into stochastic processes for wave functions, avoiding the computation of the Floquet superoperator kernel. The method is demonstrated to be high-accurate and scalable, allowing for the resolution of non-equilibrium asymptotic states of model systems on a small computer cluster, reaching the scale of current numerical studies of isolated periodically modulated systems.', 8)
(' spin and chirality orderings of the three - dimensional heisenberg spin glass under magnetic fields are studied by large - scale equilibrium monte carlo simulations .  it is found that the chiral - glass transition and the chiral - glass ordered state , which are essentially of the same character as their zero - field counterparts , occur under magnetic fields . the chiral - glass ordered state exhibits a one - step - like peculiar replica - symmetry breaking in the chiral sector , while it does not accompany the spin - glass order perpendicular to the applied field .  critical perperties of the chiral - glass transition are different from those of the standard ising spin glass  . magnetic phase diagram of the model is constructed , which reveals that the chiral - glass state is quite robust against magnetic fields .  the chiral - glass transition line has a character of the gabay - toulouse line of the mean - field model , yet its physical origin being entirely different .  these numerical results are discussed in light of the recently developed spin - chirality decoupling - recoupling scenario .  implication to experimental phase diagram is also discussed . ', '  In a study using large-scale Monte Carlo simulations, the spin and chirality orderings of a three-dimensional Heisenberg spin glass under magnetic fields were investigated. The results showed that the chiral glass transition and the chiral glass ordered state, which are similar to their zero-field counterparts, occur under magnetic fields.', 8)
(' making online resources more accessible to physically challenged library users is a topic deserving informed attention from astronomy librarians .  recommendations like wcag 2.0 standards and section 508 , in the united states , have proven valuable , and some vendors are already making their products compliant with them .  but what about the wide variety of databases and other resources produced by astronomy information professionals themselves  ? few , if any , of these are currently compliant with accessibility standards .  here we discuss some solutions to these accessibility challenges . ', "Making online resources more accessible to physically challenged library users is important, and recommendations like WCAG 2.0 standards and Section 508 in the US have proven valuable. However, few astronomy information professionals' databases and resources are currently compliant with accessibility standards, and this article discusses some solutions to address these challenges.", 9)
(' an important concern in the application of gamma - ray bursts ( grbs ) to cosmology is that the calibration of grb luminosity / energy relations depends on the cosmological model , due to the lack of a sufficient low - redshift grb sample . in this paper  , we present a new method to calibrate grb relations in a cosmology - independent way .  since objects at the same redshift should have the same luminosity distance and since the distance moduli of type ia supernovae ( sne ia ) obtained directly from observations are completely cosmology independent , we obtain the distance modulus of a grb at a given redshift by interpolating from the hubble diagram of sne ia .  then we calibrate seven grb relations without assuming a particular cosmological model and construct a grb hubble diagram to constrain cosmological parameters . from the 42 grbs at @xmath0 , we obtain @xmath1 , @xmath2 for the flat @xmath3cdm model , and for the dark energy model with a constant equation of state @xmath4 , which is consistent with the concordance model in a 1-@xmath5 confidence region . ', 'Researchers are concerned that the calibration of gamma-ray burst (GRB) luminosity and energy relations in cosmology relies on a specific cosmological model, which can lead to uncertainties. To address this issue, the authors present a new method to calibrate GRB relations in a cosmology-independent way by using distance moduli of type Ia supernovae (SNe Ia) obtained directly from observations.', 9)
(' this paper introduces kernel - based information criterion ( kic ) for model selection in regression analysis . the novel kernel - based complexity measure in kic  efficiently computes the interdependency between parameters of the model using a variable - wise variance and yields selection of better , more robust regressors .  experimental results show superior performance on both simulated and real data sets compared to leave - one - out cross - validation ( loocv ) , kernel - based information complexity ( icomp ) , and maximum log of marginal likelihood in gaussian process regression ( gpr ) . ', 'The paper introduces a new method for model selection in regression analysis called Kernel-based Information Criterion (KIC), which uses a kernel-based complexity measure to efficiently compute the interdependency between model parameters. Experimental results show that KIC outperforms other model selection methods, including Leave-One-Out Cross-Validation (LOOCV), Kernel-based Information Complexity (IComp), and Maximum Log of Marginal Likelihood in Gaussian Process Regression (GPR), on both simulated and real data sets.', 9)
(" the first observations by a worldwide network of advanced interferometric gravitational wave detectors offer a unique opportunity for the astronomical community . at design sensitivity  , these facilities will be able to detect coalescing binary neutron stars to distances approaching , and neutron star - black hole systems to . both of these sources  are associated with gamma ray bursts which are known to emit across the entire electromagnetic spectrum .  gravitational wave detections provide the opportunity for `` multi - messenger '' observations , combining gravitational wave with electromagnetic , cosmic ray or neutrino observations .  this review provides an overview of how australian astronomical facilities and collaborations with the gravitational wave community can contribute to this new era of discovery , via contemporaneous follow - up observations from the radio to the optical and high energy .  we discuss some of the frontier discoveries that will be made possible when this new window to the universe is opened .     binaries : close  gravitational waves  gamma - ray burst : general  methods : observational  supernovae : general  stars : neutron ", '  Advanced gravitational wave detectors have been established worldwide, offering the opportunity for astronomers to detect coalescing binary neutron stars and neutron star-black hole systems at distances approaching 100 million light-years. These detections will provide a new window into the universe, allowing for "multi-messenger" observations combining gravitational waves with electromagnetic, cosmic ray, or neutrino observations, enabling groundbreaking discoveries in the field.', 9)
(" we examine the effects of pre - processing across the coma supercluster , including 3505 galaxies over @xmath0500 deg@xmath1 , by quantifying the degree to which star - forming ( sf ) activity is quenched as a function of environment .  we characterise environment using the complementary techniques of voronoi tessellation , to measure the density field , and the minimal spanning tree , to define continuous structures , and so we measure sf activity as a function of local density _ and _ the type of environment ( cluster , group , filament , and void ) , and quantify the degree to which environment contributes to quenching of sf activity .  our sample covers over two orders of magnitude in stellar mass ( 10@xmath2 to 10@xmath3 ) , and consequently we trace the effects of environment on sf activity for dwarf and massive galaxies , distinguishing so - called ` mass quenching ' from ` environment quenching ' .  environmentally - driven quenching of sf activity , measured relative to the void galaxies , occurs to progressively greater degrees in filaments , groups , and clusters , and this trend holds for dwarf and massive galaxies alike .  a similar trend is found using @xmath4 colours , but with a more significant disparity between galaxy mass bins driven by increased internal dust extinction in massive galaxies .  the sfr distributions of massive sf galaxies have no significant environmental dependence , but the distributions for dwarf sf galaxies are found to be statistically distinct in most environments .  pre - processing plays a significant role at low redshift , as environmentally - driven galaxy evolution affects nearly half of the galaxies in the group environment , and a significant fraction of the galaxies in the more diffuse filaments .  our study underscores the need for sensitivity to dwarf galaxies to separate mass - driven from environmentally - driven effects , and the use of unbiased tracers of sf activity .     [ firstpage ]    galaxies : clusters : general  galaxies : evolution  infrared : galaxies  ultraviolet : galaxies . ", 'The study examines the effects of environment on star formation activity in galaxies across the Coma supercluster, using a variety of techniques to quantify the degree to which star formation is quenched as a function of environment. The study finds that environmentally-driven quenching of star formation occurs to progressively greater degrees in filaments, groups, and clusters, and that this trend holds for both dwarf and massive galaxies.', 9)
(' doppler measurements of the m4 dwarf star , gliese 876 , taken at both lick and keck observatory reveal periodic , keplerian velocity variations with a period of 61 days .  the orbital fit implies that the companion has a mass of , @xmath0 = 2.1 m@xmath1 , an orbital eccentricity of , @xmath2 = 0.27@xmath30.03 , and a semimajor axis of , @xmath4 = 0.21 au .  the planet is the first found around an m dwarf , and was drawn from a survey of 24 such stars at lick observatory .  it is the closest extrasolar planet yet found , providing opportunities for follow  up detection .  the presence of a giant planet on a non - circular orbit , 0.2 au from a 1/3 m@xmath5 star , presents a challenge to planet formation theory .  this planet detection around an m dwarf suggests that giant planets are numerous in the galaxy . ', 'Doppler measurements of the M4 dwarf star GJ 876 taken at both Lick and Keck Observatory reveal periodic velocity variations with a period of 61 days, indicating the presence of a companion with a mass of approximately 2.1 Earth masses, an orbital eccentricity of 0.27, and a semimajor axis of 0.21 astronomical units. This is the first exoplanet found around an M dwarf star and the closest exoplanet discovered to date, providing opportunities for further detection and challenging current planet formation theories.', 9)
(' we propose using a single magneto - dielectric microsphere as a device for enhancing the transverse faraday effect at multiple wavelengths at the same time .  although the diameter of the sphere can be @xmath0 @xmath1 m , the numerically predicted strength of its magneto - optical ( mo ) response can be an order of magnitude stronger than in mo devices based on thick magnetic plates .  the mo response of a microsphere is also comparable with that of subwavelength magneto - dielectric gratings which , however , operate at a single wavelength and occupy a large area .  in contrast to gratings and thick plates , the compact size of the microsphere and its capability to support spin - wave excitations make it suitable for applications in nanophotonics , imaging systems , and magnonics . ', "Researchers propose using a single magneto-dielectric microsphere to enhance the transverse Faraday effect at multiple wavelengths simultaneously. The microsphere's magneto-optical response, predicted to be an order of magnitude stronger than in devices based on thick magnetic plates, makes it suitable for applications in nanophotonics, imaging systems, and magnonics due to its compact size and ability to support spin-wave excitations.", 9)
