(' a 29-year - old woman who underwent the fontan procedure at 10 years of age had an incidental finding of liver masses on abdominal ultrasonography .  subsequent gadolinium ethoxybenzyl diethylenetriamine pentaacetic acid magnetic resonance imaging showed a 15 mm hypervascular mass with washout in the hepatobiliary phase in liver segment 4 ( s4 ) , and an 18 mm hypervascular mass without washout in the hepatobiliary phase in liver segment 2 ( s2 ) .  the s2 liver mass was pathologically diagnosed to be a regenerative nodule by an ultrasound - guided needle biopsy , and the s4 liver mass was pathologically diagnosed as a poorly differentiated hepatocellular carcinoma after partial hepatectomy . ', '  A 29-year-old woman who underwent the Fontan procedure at age 10 had an incidental finding of liver masses on abdominal ultrasonography. Subsequent MRI showed a 15mm hypervascular mass with washout in liver segment 4 and an 18mm hypervascular mass without washout in liver segment 2, with the latter being pathologically diagnosed as a regenerative nodule and the former as a poorly differentiated hepatocellular carcinoma after partial hepatectomy.', 5)
(' cathepsins are an essential protease family in all living cells .  the cathepsins play an essential roles such as protein catabolism and protein synthesis . to targeting to various organella and  to regulate their activity , the post translational - processing and modification play an important role cathepsins are translated in polysome as the pre - pro - mature forms .  the pre - peptide is removed cotranslationally and then translocated to golgi - apparatus and the pro - part is removed and the mature - part is glycosylated , and the mature - part is targeted into the lysosome mediated by mannose-6-phosphate signal and the mature - part is bound with their coenzymes .  the degradation of the mature - part is started by the limited proteolysis of the ordered nicked bonds to make hydrophobic peptides .  the peptides are incorporated into phagosome or proteasome after ubiquitinated and are degrade into amino - acids .  cystatins are endogenous inhibitors of cathepsins .   cystatin  which is only located in skin is phosphorylated at the near c - terminus by protein kinase - c , and the phosphorylate - cystatin  is incorporated into cornified envelope and conjugated with filaggrin - fiber by transglutaminase to form the linker - fiber of skin .  the cystatin  is modified by glutathione or make their dimmer , and they are inactive .  those modifications are regulated by the redox - potential by the glutathione . ', 'Cathepsins are a family of essential proteases found in all living cells, playing crucial roles in protein catabolism and synthesis, as well as targeting to various organelles and regulating their activity through post-translational processing and modification. Cathepsins are translated in polysomes as pre-pro-mature forms, undergo cotranslational removal of the pre-peptide and translocation to the Golgi apparatus, and are then glycosylated and targeted to the lysosome for degradation.', 6)
(" background : the present study was carried out to assess the effects of community nutrition intervention based on advocacy approach on malnutrition status among school - aged children in shiraz , iran.materials and methods : this case - control nutritional intervention has been done between 2008 and 2009 on 2897 primary and secondary school boys and girls ( 7 - 13 years old ) based on advocacy approach in shiraz , iran .  the project provided nutritious snacks in public schools over a 2-year period along with advocacy oriented actions in order to implement and promote nutritional intervention . for evaluation of effectiveness of the intervention growth monitoring indices of pre- and post - intervention were statistically compared.results:the frequency of subjects with body mass index lower than 5% decreased significantly after intervention among girls ( p = 0.02 ) .  however , there were no significant changes among boys or total population .  the mean of all anthropometric indices changed significantly after intervention both among girls and boys as well as in total population .  the pre- and post - test education assessment in both groups showed that the student 's average knowledge score has been significantly increased from 12.5  3.2 to 16.8  4.3 ( p < 0.0001).conclusion : this study demonstrates the potential success and scalability of school feeding programs in iran .  community nutrition intervention based on the advocacy process model is effective on reducing the prevalence of underweight specifically among female school aged children . ", 'A nutrition intervention based on advocacy was conducted in Shiraz, Iran from 2008 to 2009 among 2897 primary and secondary school boys and girls aged 7-13. The intervention, which included providing nutritious snacks in schools and advocacy actions, significantly reduced the frequency of underweight among female schoolchildren, but not among boys or the total population.', 7)
(" we have previously demonstrated that rad6 and -catenin enhance each other 's expression through a positive feedback loop to promote breast cancer development / progression . while -catenin has been implicated in melanoma pathogenesis , rad6 function has not been investigated . here  , we examined the relationship between rad6 and -catenin in melanoma development and progression .  eighty - eight cutaneous tumors  , 30 nevi , 29 primary melanoma , and 29 metastatic melanomas , were immunostained with anti--catenin and anti - rad6 antibodies . strong expression of rad6 was observed in only 27% of nevi as compared to 100% of primary and 96% of metastatic melanomas .  -catenin was strongly expressed in 97% of primary and 93% of metastatic melanomas , and unlike rad6 , in 93% of nevi .  none of the tumors expressed nuclear -catenin .  -catenin was exclusively localized on the cell membrane of 55% of primary , 62% of metastatic melanomas , and only 10% of nevi .  cytoplasmic -catenin was detected in 90% of nevi , 17% of primary , and 8% of metastatic melanoma , whereas 28% of primary and 30% of metastatic melanomas exhibited -catenin at both locations .  these data suggest that melanoma development and progression are associated with rad6 upregulation and membranous redistribution of -catenin and that -catenin and rad6 play independent roles in melanoma development . ", 'Rad6 and -catenin are involved in the development and progression of melanoma, with rad6 upregulation and membranous redistribution of -catenin observed in most melanoma tumors. However, the roles of rad6 and -catenin in melanoma development are independent, suggesting a complex interplay between these two proteins.', 7)
(' upon oxidation of the heterocyclic  ring in 2-deoxyguanosine  ( dg ) , the initial electrophilic intermediate displays  a wide range of reactivities with nucleophiles leading to many downstream  products . in the present study ,  the product profiles were mapped when  aqueous solutions of dg were allowed to react with nh4cl in the presence of the photooxidants riboflavin and rose  bengal as well as the diffusible one - electron oxidant na2ircl6 .  product characterization identified the 2-deoxyribonucleosides  of spiroiminodihydantoin , 5-guanidinohydantoin , and oxazolone resulting  from h2o as the nucleophile .  when nh3 was the  nucleophile , a set of constitutional isomers that are diastereotopic  were also observed , giving characteristic masses of dg + 31 .  esi+-ms / ms of these nh3 adducts identified  them to be spirocycles with substitution of either the c5 or c8 carbonyl  with an amine .  the nh3 adducts exhibit acid - catalyzed hydrolysis  to spiroiminodihydantoin .  quantification of the nh3 and  h2o adducts resulting from oxidation of dg in the nucleoside , single - stranded , and duplex oligodeoxynucleotide  contexts were monitored allowing mechanisms for product formation  to be proposed .  these data also provide a cautionary note to those  who purify their oligonucleotide samples with ammonium salts before  oxidation because this will lead to unwanted side reactions in which  ammonia participates in product formation . ', '  In the study, the oxidation of 2-deoxyguanosine (dG) leads to a wide range of products through nucleophilic attack by various nucleophiles, including water, ammonia, and riboflavin. The products include 2-deoxyribonucleosides, such as spiroiminodihydantoin, 5-guanidinohydantoin, and oxazolone, which are formed through acid-catalyzed hydrolysis of the N-glycosidic bond.', 7)
(' the house dust mite dermatophagoides pteronyssinus allergen der p 1 is the most immunodominant allergen involved in the expression of dust mite  specific immunoglobulin ( ig)e  mediated hypersensitivity .  the reason for this potent ige - eliciting property of der p 1 remains unknown , but there is mounting in vitro evidence linking the allergenicity of der p 1 to its cysteine protease activity .  here we demonstrate for the first time that immunization of mice with proteolytically active der p 1 results in a significant enhancement in total ige and der p 1specific ige synthesis compared with animals immunized with der p 1 that was irreversibly blocked with the cysteine protease inhibitor e-64 .  we conclude that the proteolytic activity of der p 1 is a major contributor to its allergenicity . ', 'The Der p 1 allergen from house dust mites is the most immunodominant allergen involved in IgE-mediated hypersensitivity reactions. The proteolytic activity of Der p 1 is a major contributor to its allergenicity, as demonstrated by the enhancement of total IgE and Der p 1-specific IgE synthesis in mice immunized with proteolytically active Der p 1 compared to those immunized with Der p 1 that was inactivated with a cysteine protease inhibitor.', 7)
(' oxidative stress triggers dna and lipid peroxidation ,  leading to  the formation of electrophiles that react with dna to form adducts .   a product of this pathway , ( 3-(2-deoxy--d - erythro - pentofuranosyl)-pyrimido[1,2-]purine-10(3h)-one ) , or m1dg , is mutagenic in bacterial and  mammalian cells and is repaired by the nucleotide excision repair  pathway . in vivo , m1dg is oxidized to a primary metabolite ,  ( 3-(2-deoxy--d - erythro - pentofuranosyl)-pyrimido[1,2-]purine-6,10(3h,5h)-dione , or 6-oxo - m1dg ,  which is excreted in urine , bile , and feces .  we have developed a specific  monoclonal antibody against 6-oxo - m1dg and have incorporated  this antibody into a procedure for the immunoaffinity isolation of  6-oxo - m1dg from biological matrices .  the purified analyte  is quantified by lc - ms / ms using a stable isotope - labeled analogue  ( [ 15n5]-6-oxo - m1dg ) as an internal  standard .  healthy male sprague  dawley rats excreted 6-oxo - m1dg at a rate of 3501893 fmol / kgd in feces .  this  is the first report of the presence of the major metabolite of m1dg in rodents without exogenous introduction of m1dg . ', '  Oxidative stress leads to the formation of electrophiles that react with DNA, forming adducts. A specific metabolite of this pathway, 6-oxo-M1DG, is mutagenic and is excreted in urine, bile, and feces.', 7)
(' cigarette smoke is considered a major risk factor for vascular diseases .  there are many toxic compounds in cigarette smoke , including acrolein and other ,-unsaturated aldehydes , which are regarded as mediators of inflammation and vascular dysfunction .  furthermore , recent studies have revealed that acrolein , an ,-unsaturated aldehyde in cigarette smoke , induces inflammatory mediator expression , which is known to be related to vascular diseases . in this study , we investigated whether korean red ginseng ( krg ) water extract suppressed acrolein - induced cyclooxygenase ( cox)-2 expression in human umbilical vein endothelial cells ( huvecs ) .  acrolein - induced cox-2 expression was accompanied by increased levels of phosphorylated p38 in huvecs and krg inhibited cox-2 expression in huvecs .  these results suggest that krg suppresses acrolein - induced cox-2 expression via inhibition of the p38 mitogen - activated protein kinase signaling pathway .  in addition , krg exhibited an inhibitory effect on acrolein - induced apoptosis , as demonstrated by annexin v   propidium iodide staining and terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase - mediated dutp nick end - labeling assay .  consistent with these results , krg may exert a vasculoprotective effect through inhibition of cox-2 expression in acrolein - stimulated human endothelial cells . ', 'Cigarette smoke is a major risk factor for vascular diseases due to its toxic compounds, including acrolein and other -unsaturated aldehydes, which can cause inflammation and vascular dysfunction. Korean red ginseng (KRG) water extract was investigated for its ability to suppress acrolein-induced cyclooxygenase (COX)-2 expression in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HuVecs), and results showed that KRG inhibited COX-2 expression via inhibition of the p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase signaling pathway.', 7)
(' green fluorescent protein ( gfp ) and gfp - like fluorescent proteins owe their photophysical properties to an autocatalytically formed intrinsic chromophore . according to quantum mechanical calculations ,  the excited state of chromophore model systems has significant dihedral freedom , which may lead to fluorescence quenching intersystem crossing .  molecular dynamics simulations with freely rotating chromophoric dihedrals were performed on green , yellow , and blue fluorescent proteins in order to model the dihedral freedom available to the chromophore in the excited state .  most current theories suggest that a restriction in the rotational freedom of the fluorescent protein chromophore will lead to an increase in fluorescence brightness and/or quantum yield . according to our calculations , the dihedral freedom of the systems studied ( bfp > a5 > yfp > gfp ) increases in the inverse order to the quantum yield . in all simulations ,  the chromophore undergoes a negatively correlated hula twist ( also known as a bottom hula twist mechanism ) . ', '  Green fluorescent protein (GFP) and other fluorescent proteins get their photophysical properties from an intrinsic chromophore that forms autocatalytically. The excited state of the chromophore has significant dihedral freedom, which can lead to fluorescence quenching through intersystem crossing.', 7)
(' in this study , two species of romaleidae grasshoppers , radacridium mariajoseae and r.nordestinum , were analyzed after cma3/da / dapi sequential staining and fluorescence in situ hybridization ( fish ) to determine the location of the 18s and 5s rdna and histone h4 genes . both species presented karyotypes composed of 2n = 23 , x0 with exclusively acrocentric chromosomes .  cma3 + blocks were detected after cma3/da / dapi staining in only one medium size autosome bivalent and in the x chromosome in r. mariajoseae .  on the other hand , all chromosomes , except the l1 bivalent , of r. nordestinum presented cma3 + blocks .  fish analysis showed that the 18s genes are restricted to the x chromosome in r. mariajoseae , whereas these genes were located in the l2 , s9 and s10 autosomes in r. nordestinum . in r. mariajoseae  , the 5s rdna sites were localized in the in l1 and l2 bivalents and in the x chromosome . in r. nordestinum ,  the 5s genes were located in the l2 , l3 , m4 and m5 pairs . in both species  the histone h4 genes were present in a medium size bivalent .  together , these data evidence a great variability of chromosome markers and show that the 18s and 5s ribosomal genes are dispersed in the radacridium genome without a significant correlation . ', '  Two species of grasshoppers, Radacridium mariajoseae and R. nordestinum, had their 18s and 5s rRNA genes located in different chromosomes. The genes were found in various chromosomes in R. mariajoseae, while in R. nordestinum, they were located in specific pairs of chromosomes.', 7)
(' fasting plasma glucose ( fpg ) and hemoglobin a1c ( hba1c ) have been used to diagnose new - onset diabetes mellitus ( dm ) in order to simplify the diagnostic tests compared with the 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test ( ogtt ; 2-hpg ) .  we aimed to identify optimal cut - off points of high sensitive c - reactive protein ( hs - crp ) in new - onset dm people based on fpg , 2-hpg , or hba1c methods .  data derived from recent population - based survey in turkey ( turdep - ii ) .  the study included 26,499 adult people ( 63% women , response rate 85% ) .  the mean serum concentration of hs - crp in women was higher than in men ( p < 0.001 ) .  the people with new - onset dm based on hba1c had higher mean hs - crp level than fpg based and 2-hpg based dm cases . in hba1c , 2-hpg , and  fpg based new - onset dm people , cut - off levels of hs - crp in women were 2.9 , 2.1 , and 2.5  mg / l [ 27.5 , 19.7 , and 23.5  nmol / l ] and corresponding values in men were 2.0 , 1.8 , and 1.8  mg / l ( 19.0 , 16.9 , and 16.9   nmol / l ) , respectively ( sensitivity 6065% and specificity 5464% ) .  our results revealed that hs - crp may not further strengthen the diagnosis of new - onset dm .  nevertheless , the highest hs - crp level observed in new - onset dm people diagnosed with hba1c criterion supports the general assumption that this method might recognize people in more advanced diabetic stage compared with other diagnostic methods . ', 'Fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and hemoglobin A1c (HBA1C) have been used to diagnose new-onset diabetes mellitus (DM) as an alternative to the 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). The study aimed to determine the optimal cut-off points of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) in new-onset DM patients based on FPG, 2-hPG, or HBA1C methods, using data from a recent population-based survey in Turkey.', 7)
(' background : few studies have focused on peripheral nerve conduction during exposure to microgravity . the 6 head - down tilt ( hdt ) comprises an experimental model used to simulate the space flight environment .  this study investigated nerve conduction characteristics of rhesus monkeys before and after prolonged exposure to hdt.methods:six rhesus monkeys ( 34 years old ) were tilted backward 6 from the horizontal .  nerve conduction studies ( ncss ) were performed on the median , ulnar , tibial , and fibular motor nerves .  analysis of variance with a randomized block design was conducted to compare the differences in the ncs before and 7 , 21 , and 42 days after the 6 hdt.results:the proximal amplitude of the cmap of the median nerve was significantly decreased at 21 and 42 days of hdt compared with the amplitude before hdt ( 4.38  2.83 vs. 8.40  2.66 mv , f = 4.85 , p = 0.013 and 3.30  2.70 vs. 8.40  2.66 mv , f = 5.93 , p = 0.004 , respectively ) .  the distal amplitude of the cmap of the median nerve was significantly decreased at 7 , 21 , and 42 days of hdt compared with the amplitude before hdt ( 7.28  1.27 vs. 10.25  3.40 mv , f = 4.03 , p = 0.039 ; 5.05  2.01 vs. 10.25  3.40 mv , f = 6.25 , p = 0.04 ; and 3.95  2.79 vs. 10.25  3.40 mv , f = 7.35 , p = 0.01 ; respectively ) .  the proximal amplitude of the cmap of the tibial nerve was significantly decreased at 42 days of hdt compared with the amplitude before hdt ( 6.14  1.94 vs. 11.87  3.19 mv , f = 5.02 , p = 0.039).conclusions : this study demonstrates that the compound muscle action potential amplitudes of nerves are decreased under simulated microgravity in rhesus monkeys .  moreover , rhesus monkeys exposed to hdt might be served as an experimental model for the study of ncs under microgravity . ', 'Prolonged exposure to a head-down tilt (HDT) in rhesus monkeys resulted in decreased compound muscle action potential (CMAP) amplitudes of nerves, particularly the median, ulnar, tibial, and fibular nerves. This study suggests that HDT may be a useful experimental model for studying nerve conduction under microgravity conditions.', 7)
(' we report a redo coronary artery bypass grafting ( cabg ) in a 55-year - old man .  angina recurred 7 years after the initial surgery .  coronary angiography showed all patent grafts except a faint visualization of the in situ right gastroepiploic artery ( rgea ) graft , which was anastomosed to the posterior descending coronary artery , associated with celiac axis stenosis .  redo - cabg was performed at postoperative 10 years because of aggravated angina and decreased perfusion of the inferior wall in the myocardial single photon emission computed tomography .  the saphenous vein graft was interposed between the 2 in situ grafts used previously ; the right internal thoracic artery and rgea grafts .  angina was relieved and myocardial perfusion was improved . ', 'A 55-year-old man underwent a redo coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) 7 years after his initial surgery due to recurring angina. The surgery involved interposing a saphenous vein graft between two in situ grafts, including the right internal thoracic artery and the in situ right gastroepiploic artery (RGEA) graft, which was associated with celiac axis stenosis.', 7)
(' introductionproduction of antibodies against specific proteins of testis germ cells is of great significance for the investigation of processes involved in spermatogenesis , study of infertility problems and determination of the probable role of these proteins as cancer - testis antigens .  murine testis specific recombinant protein 101 ( mtex101 ) is a 38kda , gpi - anchored protein which is expressed in testis germ cells of adult mice but it seems to be absent in other tissues .  the structure and function of mtex101 is not completely understood yet , but it is speculated that it may transduce biochemical signals into the cytoplasm since mtex101 does not have an intracellular domain but the precise mechanisms are still ambiguous.materials and methodsrna was extracted from three adult mice testis . the rna was used in rt - pcr , employing a pair of specific primers for mtex101 orf region .  ta - cloning technique was performed by the insertion of mtex101 into a pgem - t easy vector , followed by its subcloning into a his - tagged expression vector , pet-28a ( + ) .  the recombinant mtex101 was then produced by transfection of the expression vector into bl 21 ( de3 ) e. coli strain.resultsa recombinant protein , weighing 27kda , was produced upon iptg - induction of the bacterial host .  the presence of mtex101 protein was detected through western blot analysis by anti - mtex101 peptide antibodies.conclusionwe produced mtex101 recombinant protein that could be used for the production of mono and polyclonal antibodies . ', 'Researchers are studying the production of antibodies against specific proteins in testis germ cells to understand spermatogenesis, infertility, and cancer-testis antigens. They have produced a recombinant protein called mtex101, which is a 38kDa GPI-anchored protein expressed in testis germ cells of adult mice, and used it to produce mono and polyclonal antibodies.', 7)
('  purpose . obesity is a serious health threat , particularly among racial / ethnic minorities and those who are uninsured , yet little is known about the implementation of nutrition or exercise counseling or the combination of both among these groups .  trends in counseling by race / ethnicity and types of insurance were examined .  methods .  trend analyses were conducted with the california health interview surveys among those ages 1217 for the period 20032009 .  results . race / ethnicity : receipt of both counseling methods declined from 20032009 for all racial / ethnic groups , except hispanics and whites , for whom increases in counseling began after 2007 .  hispanics and african americans generally reported higher levels of nutrition than exercise counseling , while whites generally reported higher levels of exercise than nutrition counseling for the study period .  insurance type : receipt of both counseling methods appeared to decline from 20032009 among all insurance types , although after 2007 , a slight increase was observed for the low - cost / free insurance group . those with private health insurance generally received more exercise counseling than nutrition counseling over the study period . conclusions .  counseling among all racial / ethnic groups and insurance types is warranted , but particularly needed for african americans , american indian / alaska natives , and the uninsured as they are at highest risk for developing obesity .  institutional and policy changes in the health care environment will be beneficial in helping to promote obesity - related counseling . ', 'Obesity is a significant health concern, particularly among racial/ethnic minorities and those without insurance, yet there is a lack of knowledge about the implementation of nutrition or exercise counseling or their combination among these groups. Trend analyses of the California Health Interview Surveys from 2003-2009 found that receipt of both counseling methods declined for all racial/ethnic groups except Hispanics and whites, who showed increases in counseling after 2007.', 7)
(" introductionthe long - term use of immunosuppressive agents for prevention of allograft rejection increases the risk of malignancy approximately 100 times as high as that in the general population and kaposi 's sarcoma ( ks ) is a relatively common malignancy after kidney transplantation .  the aim of present study was to investigate the frequency of ks in patients with kidney transplantation in 20 years period.material and methodsin this study charts and pathology reports of 1487 recipients for kidney allografts treated at imam reza hospital between 1991 and 2012 were reviewed .  the spss software package version 16 ( spss inc . ,  chicago , illinois , usa ) was used for the statistical analysis.resultsthere were 17 of 1487 incident cases of ks kidney transplant population at our hospital in period of study .  there is no significant difference between age and gender of patients .  the mean time between transplantation and non - ks malignant tumors was 34.4  21.8 months ( range 12140 months ) , while in ks patients it was 18.7  25.2 months , which was statistically significantly different ( p < 0.05 ) .  after detection of ks in 12 patients , we perform serum antibody detection against hhv . among them , 8 ( 66.6% ) were seropositive.conclusionks is a common long - term complication in renal transplant recipients , with an increased incidence compared with the general population . given that candidates for organ transplantation who are seropositive for hhv-8 -and thus at risk for ks- can now be identified , chemoprevention should be available in this high - risk population . ", "Kaposi's sarcoma (KS) is a common long-term complication in kidney transplant recipients, with an incidence 100 times higher than in the general population. The study found that 17 of 1487 incident cases of KS occurred in the kidney transplant population over a 20-year period, with no significant difference in incidence between age and gender groups.", 7)
(' key clinical messagemedicationrelated osteonecrosis of the jaw ( mronj ) is developed even in the patients who are edentulous and treated with shortterm bisphosphonate therapy and oral administration .  it sometimes causes lethal sepsis in patients who have multiple health problems such as diabetes , cirrhosis , steroid use for interstitial pneumonia , sepsis , and spinal disk herniation . ', 'Osteonecrosis of the jaw (ONJ) can occur in patients who are edentulous and receiving short-term bisphosphonate therapy, even without dental extractions. ONJ can lead to lethal sepsis in patients with multiple health problems, such as diabetes, cirrhosis, steroid use, and spinal disk herniation.', 7)
(' there are few reports in the literature of complete obstruction of the vertebral artery ( va ) due to an electric screw driver bit penetration through the neural foramen into the spinal canal with brown - squard syndrome ( bss ) .  a 25-year - old man was admitted to the emergency department with a penetrated neck injury by an electric screw driver bit after a struggle .  the patient presented the clinical features of bss .  computed tomography scan revealed that the electric screw driver bit penetrated through the right neural foramen at the level of c3 - 4 , and it caused an injury to the right half of the spinal cord .  emergent angiography revealed va dissection , which was managed by immediate coil embolization at both proximal and distal ends of the injury site .  after occlusion of the va , the electric screw driver bit was extracted under general anesthesia .  bleeding was minimal and controlled without difficulties .  no postoperative complications , such as wound dehiscence , csf leakage , or infection , were noted .  endovascular approaches for occlusion of vertebral artery lesions are safe and effective methods of treatment . ', '  A 25-year-old man was admitted to the emergency department after a struggle resulted in an electric screwdriver bit penetrating through his neck and into his spinal canal, causing Brown-Squard syndrome (BSS). Emergent angiography revealed a dissection of the vertebral artery (VA) and the patient underwent immediate coil embolization to manage the injury.', 7)
(' background : acinetobacter baumannii is the most prevalent strain in hospitals and different clinical departments.objectives:the current study aimed to investigate the genetic characteristics and resistance mechanisms of a. baumannii isolated from clinical samples in shaoxing people s hospital affiliated to zhejiang university , shaoxing , china.patients and methods : acinetobacter baumannii strains were isolated from blood , phlegm and skin of the patients hospitalized in different departments as respiratory medicine , plastic surgery and intensive care unit ( icu ) .  multilocus sequence typing ( mlst ) was used to characterize the isolates .  kirby - bauer test was used to evaluate antibiotic resistance of the bacteria .  the expression of resistance inducing genes was detected by reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction ( rt - pcr ) .  the results were analyzed and compared.results:two bacterial types , st208 , and st218 , were identified in all 140 samples .  the st208 mainly came from icu and department of respiratory medicine , while st218 from department of plastic surgery ; 70.21% of st208 and 84.78% of st218 were carbapenem - resistant acinetobacter baumannii ( crab ) and carbapenem - susceptible acinetobacter baumannii ( csab ) , respectively .  multidrug - resistance genes in crab isolated from the hospital mainly included , oxa-23 , oxa-5 , intl 1 and qace1-sul 1 .  besides , the highest and lowest antibiotic resistance was observed in the strains isolated from blood samples and wounds , respectively.conclusions:the distribution of ab varies in different clinical departments and samples . in the hospital under study , the main types of ab were st208 and st218 .  the genes which affect the ability of antibiotic - resistance were oxa-23 , oxa-51 , intl 1 and qace1-sul 1 . ', 'Acinetobacter baumannii is the most prevalent strain in hospitals and different clinical departments, and two main types (ST208 and ST218) were identified in a study of isolates from blood, phlegm, and skin samples in different departments of a Chinese hospital. The study found that 70.21% of ST208 and 84.78% of ST218 were carbapenem-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii (CRAB), and the main genes responsible for multidrug resistance were oxacillinase genes OXA-23, OXA-51, intI1, and QAC E1-Sul1.', 7)
(' a 43-year - old , who underwent a subtotal hysterectomy for postpartum hemorrhage following a normal delivery , 10 years ago , presented with a history of persistent vaginal discharge and post - coital bleeding .  a pap smear reported moderate dysplasia , and a subsequent colposcopic biopsy reported severe dysplasia with crypt extension .  the patient underwent a laparoscopic trachelectomy , and histology of the stump reported cervical squamous carcinoma in situ , with no microinvasion . ', '  A 43-year-old woman who underwent a subtotal hysterectomy 10 years ago for postpartum hemorrhage is now experiencing persistent vaginal discharge and post-coital bleeding. She has been diagnosed with cervical squamous carcinoma in situ after undergoing a laparoscopic trachelectomy.', 7)
(' glycosphingolipids ( gsls ) are composed of hydrophobic ceramide and hydrophilic sugar chains .  gsls cluster to form membrane microdomains ( lipid rafts ) on plasma membranes , along with several kinds of transducer molecules , including src family kinases and small g proteins .  however , gsl - mediated biological functions remain unclear .  lactosylceramide ( laccer , cdw17 ) is highly expressed on the plasma membranes of human phagocytes and mediates several immunological and inflammatory reactions , including phagocytosis , chemotaxis , and superoxide generation .  laccer forms membrane microdomains with the src family tyrosine kinase lyn and the gi subunit of heterotrimeric g proteins .  the very long fatty acids c24:0 and c24:1 are the main ceramide components of laccer in neutrophil plasma membranes and are directly connected with the fatty acids of lyn and gi .  these observations suggest that the very long fatty acid chains of ceramide are critical for gsl - mediated outside - in signaling .  sphingosine is another component of ceramide , with the hydrolysis of ceramide by ceramidase producing sphingosine and fatty acids .  sphingosine is phosphorylated by sphingosine kinase to sphingosine-1-phosphate , which is involved in a wide range of cellular functions , including growth , differentiation , survival , chemotaxis , angiogenesis , and embryogenesis , in various types of cells .  this review describes the role of ceramide moiety of gsls and its metabolites in immunological and inflammatory reactions in human . ', '  Glycosphingolipids (GSLs) are composed of hydrophobic ceramide and hydrophilic sugar chains, which cluster to form membrane microdomains (lipid rafts) on plasma membranes. GSLs, particularly lactosylceramide (Laccer), are highly expressed on human phagocyte plasma membranes and mediate immunological and inflammatory reactions, including phagocytosis, chemotaxis, and superoxide generation.', 7)
(' we report the preparation of [ 2]rotaxanes containing an electrochemically and optically active osmium(ii ) bipyridyl macrocyclic component mechanically bonded with cationic pyridinium axles .  such interlocked host systems are demonstrated to recognise and sense anionic guest species as shown by 1h nmr , luminescence and electrochemical studies .  the rotaxanes can be surface assembled on to gold electrodes through anion templation under click copper(i)-catalysed huisgen cycloaddition conditions to form rotaxane molecular films , which , after template removal , respond electrochemically and selectively to chloride . ', '  Researchers have synthesized rotaxanes containing an electrochemically and optically active osmium(II) bipyridyl macrocyclic component mechanically bonded with cationic pyridinium axles. These interlocked host systems recognize and sense anionic guest species through NMR, luminescence, and electrochemical studies, and can be surface-assembled on gold electrodes to form molecular films that respond electrochemically and selectively to chloride.', 7)
(' background : there are several methods , such as vaccination , to control visceral leishmaniasis .  although there is no efficient vaccine , it seem dna vaccination with stimulates both cellular and humoral immunity apparently is the best way .  the aim of this study was cloning and expression of lack gene , a 36kd protein , as a candidate protein for vaccination against iranian l. infantum.methods:iranian strain of l. infantum [ mcan / ir/07/moheb - gh ] was used as a template for pcr to amplify lack gene .  the lack gene was cloned in ptz57r / t vector and after confirmation it was digested by restriction enzymes ( bamh1 ) and cloned in pcdna3.1 expression vector .  recombinant plasmid was extracted and analyzed by sequencing , restriction digestion analysis and pcr reaction .  the pc- lack recombinant plasmid was purified from transformed e.coli ( dh5 ) and its expression was analyzed by sds - page and western blot.results:the results of sequencing , restriction digestion analysis and pcr reaction revealed that lack gene was cloned correctly in pcdna3.1 vector and the results of sds page and western blot emphasized that lack protein of iranian l. infantum is a well - expressed protein.conclusion:we amplified , cloned and expressed iranian l. infantum lack gene successfully . ', 'Researchers used DNA vaccination to clone and express the lack gene, a 36kd protein, as a candidate protein for vaccination against Iranian Leishmania infantum. The results of sequencing, restriction digestion analysis, and PCR reaction showed that the lack gene was correctly cloned in the PCDNA3.1 vector, and the results of SDS-page and western blot analysis indicated that the lack protein of Iranian L. infantum is a well-expressed protein.', 7)
(' cluster headache ( ch ) consists of attacks of severe , unilateral orbital / supraorbital / temporal pain , lasting for 15180  min , occurring once or more times a day , and associated with ipsilateral conjunctival injection , lacrimation and other symptoms .  cataract is clouding of the lens of the eye causing a progressive and painless loss of vision .  we describe the cases of two men ( not relative , but with the same last name , which originates from north - eastern italy ) that in young adult age , after years of suffering from chronic ch , developed cataract on the same side of the pain attacks .  patient 1 was diagnosed as having cataract 18  years after the onset of episodic ( and subsequently chronic ) ch .  patient 2 began suffering from chronic ch at the age of 44  years and after 8  years he developed cataract .  this is the first report of cataract in patient suffering of ch and occurring in the eye affected by the pain attack . ', 'Cluster headaches (CH) are characterized by severe, one-sided orbital/supraorbital/temporal pain lasting 15-180 minutes, occurring once or more times a day, and associated with ipsilateral conjunctival injection, lacrimation, and other symptoms. Two men with the same last name, but not related, developed cataracts on the same side of their eyes after suffering from chronic CH for many years, which is a rare occurrence.', 7)
(' backgroundthe most common cause of liver transplantation in iran is hepatitis b positive cirrhosis , and it also one of the major and important causes of hepatocellular carcinoma ( hcc ) .  most cases with hcc follow a multistep sequence .  morphologic lesions during hepatocarcinogenesis include dysplastic lesions and small cancerous lesions ( 2 cm in diameter ; early hcc ) . however , insufficient information is available on the incidence of hcc and its precursors in hepatitis b - related cirrhosis.objectivesin this study , we determined the incidence of hcc and its precursors in hepatitis b - related cirrhosis in the largest liver transplant center in iran.methodsin a two - year study , all explanted livers of patients with hepatitis b virus ( hbv)-positive cirrhosis were completely sectioned and examined .  each specimen was investigated grossly and microscopically to determine any abnormal nodule or cellular changes ( at least 15 sections from each liver).resultsamong all explanted cirrhotic livers ( 103 livers ) during the study period ( 2014 - 2015 ) , 92 ( 89.3% ) had dysplastic foci with large cell changes ( lcc ) , 57 ( 55.3% ) of which showed small cell changes ( scc ) as well .  thirty - nine cases ( 37.9% ) had low - grade dysplastic nodules ( lgdn ) , 38 ( 36.9% ) high - grade dysplastic nodules ( hgdn ) , 19 ( 18.4% ) were early hepatocellular carcinoma ( ehcc ) , and 21 ( 20.4% ) were hepatocellular carcinoma more than 2 cm .  all the cases with ehcc and hcc of more than 2 cm also had scc , lcc , hgdn , and lgdn .  thirteen cases of ehcc were accompanied with hccs more than 2 cm , and 6 cases of ehcc did not show any hcc ( larger than 2 cm).conclusionsscc , lgdn , and hgdn are common associated findings and precursors of hcc in livers infected with hepatitis b. a strict follow - up and a precise and thorough sampling of livers with scc and any abnormal dysplastic nodules ( dns ) , especially those larger than 1 cm , are highly recommended because these dns are highly associated with malignancy . ', 'The most common cause of liver transplantation in Iran is hepatitis B positive cirrhosis, and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is one of the major and important causes of HCC. The study determined the incidence of HCC and its precursors in hepatitis B-related cirrhosis in the largest liver transplant center in Iran, finding that 89.3% of cirrhotic livers had dysplastic foci, and 37.9% had low-grade dysplastic nodules.', 7)
(' we report the first case of supernumerary puncta and canaliculi presented with canaliculitis .  a-59 year - old gentleman presented with painful swelling of the left lower lid for a week , which was associated with epiphora .  the swelling was confined to the nasal aspect of the left lower lid ( 0.50.5 mm ) with inflamed overlying skin .  two puncta ( 0.5 mm apart ) were noted .  the outer punctum at the normal anatomical position was a cul - de - sac while the inner punctum it the caruncle was patent .  we described the embryology leading to supernumerary puncta and canaliculi to explain the paradoxical patency of the abnormally located punctum as well as the pathomechanism leading to canaliculitis .  the patient was treated with oral cloxacillin 500 mg , 6 hourly for 5 days ; the cellulitis subsided after three days . ', '  A 59-year-old man presented with painful swelling and epiphora on the left lower lid, which was associated with inflamed skin. Two supernumerary puncta were noted, with one located in a cul-de-sac and the other in the caruncle, and the patient was treated with oral antibiotics for canaliculitis.', 7)
(' a study was conducted in order to evaluate the contamination by brucella spp . of meat from animals slaughtered because they had resulted positive for brucellosis at some time during their life .  after slaughter and before delivery to market outlets , swab samples were taken from 307 carcasses of infected animals : 40 cattle , 60 sheep and 207 goats .  the swabs were subsequently analysed by means of polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) tests .  in addition , bacteriological tests were carried out on the lymph nodes and internal organs of the same animals .  brucella spp .  was detected by means of pcr in 25/307 carcasses ( 8% ) : 1 bovine ( 2.5% ) , 9 sheep ( 15% ) and 15 goats ( 7.2% ) and was isolated by means of a cultural method in 136/307 carcasses ( 44% ) . moreover ,  additional analysis , performed on lymph nodes from the same carcasses that had proved positive by pcr , allowed highlighting type 3 brucella abortus in the bovine carcass and type 3 brucella melitensis in the sheep and goat carcasses .  the study shows that cattle , sheep and goats meat of animals slaughtered because they had tested positive for brucellosis may be contaminated by brucella spp . as this could constitute a real risk of transmission to both butchery personnel and consumers , the meat of animals infected by brucella spp .  should be analysed before being marketed . in this respect ,  pcr technique performed on swabs proved to be more useful , practical and faster than the traditional bacteriological method . ', '  A study was conducted to evaluate the contamination of meat from animals slaughtered due to brucellosis. Brucella spp. was detected by PCR in 8% of carcasses and isolated in 44% of carcasses, with type 3 Brucella abortus found in bovine, type 3 Brucella melitensis found in sheep and goats.', 7)
(' summarycutaneous c - unmyelinated mrgprd+ free nerve endings and c - ltmrs innervating hair follicles convey two opposite aspects of touch sensation : a sensation of pain and a sensation of pleasant touch .  the molecular mechanisms underlying these diametrically opposite functions are unknown . here  , we used a mouse model that genetically marks c - ltmrs and mrgprd+ neurons in combination with fluorescent cell surface labeling , flow cytometry , and rna deep - sequencing technology ( rna - seq ) . cluster analysis of rna - seq profiles of the purified neuronal subsets revealed 486 and 549 genes differentially expressed in mrgprd - expressing neurons  and c - ltmrs , respectively .  we validated 48 mrgpd- and 68 c - ltmrs - enriched genes using a triple - staining approach , and the cav3.3 channel , found to be exclusively expressed in c - ltmrs , was validated using electrophysiology .  our study greatly expands the molecular characterization of c - ltmrs and suggests that this particular population of neurons shares some molecular features with a and a low - threshold mechanoreceptors . ', ' unmyelinated C-LTMRs and myelinated MRGPRD+ free nerve endings. They found that these neurons have opposite functions, with C-LTMRs conveying a sensation of pleasant touch and MRGPRD+ neurons conveying a sensation of pain. The study identified 486 and 549 genes that are differentially expressed in MRGPRD-expressing neurons and C-LTMRs, respectively, and validated 48 and 68 of these genes using a triple-staining approach.', 7)
(' tardive dystonia ( td ) is a serious side effect of antipsychotic medications , more with typical antipsychotics , that is potentially irreversible in affected patients .  studies show that newer atypical antipsychotics have a lower risk of td . as a result , many clinicians may have developed a false sense of security when prescribing these medications .  we report a case of 20-year - old male with hyperthymic temperament and borderline intellectual functioning , who developed severe td after low dose short duration exposure to atypical antipsychotic risperidone and then olanzapine .  the goal of this paper is to alert the reader to be judicious and cautious before using casual low dose second generation antipsychotics in patient with no core psychotic features , hyperthymic temperament , or borderline intellectual functioning suggestive of organic brain damage , who are more prone to develop adverse effects such as td and monitor the onset of td in patients taking atypical antipsychotics . ', 'Tardive dystonia (TD) is a serious side effect of antipsychotic medications, particularly with typical antipsychotics, and can be irreversible in affected patients. A case study of a 20-year-old male with hyperthymic temperament and borderline intellectual functioning who developed severe TD after low-dose, short-duration exposure to atypical antipsychotics highlights the need for caution when prescribing these medications, particularly in patients with no core psychotic features, hyperthymic temperament, or borderline intellectual functioning.', 8)
(" we present an unusual case of recurrent cough syncope in a 43-year - old woman , which was initially thought to be seizures .  syncopal episodes were triggered by paroxysms of cough and were characterized by unresponsiveness and myoclonic jerks in her extremities .  she had a left - sided glomus jugulare tumor that extended into the posterior cranial fossa with evidence of worsening communicating hydrocephalus on brain imaging .  we postulate that bouts of cough produced increased intracranial pressure both by raising intrathoracic and intraabdominal pressures as well as by transient obstruction to cerebrospinal fluid flow secondary to intermittent tonsillar herniation during cough .  this resulted in diffuse decrease in cerebral blood flow causing syncope .  the patient 's syncopal episodes decreased in frequency once an external ventricular drain was placed followed by a ventriculoperitoneal shunt .  search for factors that can increase intracranial pressure seems warranted in patients with recurrent cough syncope . ", '  A 43-year-old woman experienced recurrent episodes of unresponsiveness and myoclonic jerks during coughing, which were initially thought to be seizures. Further investigation revealed a left-sided glomus jugulare tumor that extended into the posterior cranial fossa, causing worsening communicating hydrocephalus and decreased cerebral blood flow, leading to syncope.', 8)
(' backgroundmicrornas ( mirnas ) play pivotal roles in spermatogenesis .  microrna-210 ( mir-210 ) expression was up - regulated in the testes of sterile men with non - obstructive azoospermia ( noa ) .  however , the underlying mechanisms of mir-210 involved in the spermatogenesis in patients with noa are unknown.material/methodsexpression of mir-210 and insulin - like growth factor ii ( igf2 ) in the testes of noa cases ( only including maturation arrest and hypospermatogenesis ) were detected in this study .  we carried out in vitro experiments to determine if igf2 was directly targeted by mir-210 in nt2 cells.resultscompared with obstructive azoospermia ( oa ) as normal control , our results suggest that mir-210 was significantly up - regulated in testis of patients with noa ( p<0.05 ) , and igf2 was down - regulated , but without a significant difference .  the results also indicated that igf2 was directly targeted by mir-210 in nt2 cells.conclusionsthe results showed that mir-210 was involved in spermatogenesis by targeting igf2 in male infertility . ', 'MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play a crucial role in spermatogenesis, and one specific miRNA, miR-210, has been found to be upregulated in the testes of sterile men with non-obstructive azoospermia (NOA). The study aimed to investigate the underlying mechanisms of miR-210 in spermatogenesis in NOA patients, and found that miR-210 targets insulin-like growth factor II (IGF2) in the testes of NOA cases, leading to downregulation of IGF2.', 8)
('  objective .  the objective of this study was to describe the recent clinical characteristics of labor using 3 systems of japanese midwife - led primary delivery care , as follows : ( 1 ) those intending to give birth at home managed by midwives who do not belong to our hospital , ( 2 ) those planning to give birth in our hospital managed by the same midwives , and ( 3 ) those planning to give birth managed by midwives who belong to our hospital .  methods . a retrospective cohort study was performed .  results .  there were no significant differences in the obstetric or neonatal outcomes among the 3 groups .  the rate of transfers during labor with the system involving midwives belonging to our hospital was higher than those with the other 2 systems .  in addition , the timing of transfers in the system with the midwives belonging to our hospital was earlier than with the other 2 systems . among the 3 groups ,  there were no significant differences in the rate of the main 2 indications for transfers : fetal heart rate abnormality and failure to progress . conclusion .  there were no significant differences in perinatal outcomes among the 3 systems ; however , there were some differences in the status of transfers to obstetric shared care . ', 'The objective of this study was to compare the clinical characteristics of labor among three systems of Japanese midwife-led primary delivery care, including those managed by midwives who do not belong to the hospital, those managed by the same midwives in the hospital, and those managed by midwives who belong to the hospital. The study found that there were no significant differences in obstetric or neonatal outcomes among the three groups, but the rate of transfers during labor was higher in the system involving midwives belonging to the hospital, and the timing of transfers was earlier in this group.', 8)
(' type 2 diabetes is characterized by insulin resistance , and enpp1 plays an important role in insulin resistance .  we investigated the association of the enpp1 k121q polymorphism with both diabetes and obesity ( body mass index [ bmi ] ) in korean male workers .  the study design was case - control .  subjects were 1,945 male workers ( type 2 diabetes , 195 ; non - diabetes , 1,750 ) of nuclear power plants who received examinations from march to october in 2004 .  we collected venous blood samples under fasting ( 8 hr ) conditions , calculated bmi by height and weight , and assessed relevant biochemical factors .  the results of this study demonstrated that the enpp1 121q genotype ( kq+qq types ) was not associated with type 2 diabetes ( odds ratios [ or ] , 0.854 ; 95% confidence interval [ ci ] , 0.571 - 1.278 ) or obesity ( or , 0.933 ; 95% ci , 0.731 - 1.190 ) .  in addition , the frequency of the q allele was not related to type 2 diabetes ( or , 0.911 ; 95% ci , 0.630 - 1.319 ) or obesity ( or , 0.962 ; 95% ci , 0.767 - 1.205 ) .  we concluded that the enpp1 121q allele is not a critical determinant for either diabetes or obesity in korean males .  the discordance between the results of this study and those derived from studies of dominican , south asian , caucasian , finnish , and french populations might be due to differences in genetic backgrounds between these populations . ', 'Type 2 diabetes is characterized by insulin resistance, and the enpp1 gene plays an important role in insulin resistance. However, a study of Korean male workers found that the enpp1 121q genotype was not associated with type 2 diabetes or obesity, despite previous studies suggesting a link between the gene and these conditions in other populations.', 8)
(' lipid apheresis is used to treat patients with severe hyperlipidemia by reducing low - density lipoprotein cholesterol ( ldl - c ) .  this study examines the effect of apheresis on the lipid panel and cardiac event rates before and after apheresis .  an electronic health record screen of ambulatory patients identified 11 active patients undergoing lipid apheresis with 10/11 carrying a diagnosis of fh .  baseline demographics , pre- and postapheresis lipid levels , highest recorded ldl - c , cardiac events , current medications , and first apheresis treatment were recorded .  patients completed a questionnaire and self - reported risk factors and interest in alternative treatment .  there were significant reductions in mean total cholesterol ( 58.4% ) , ldl - c ( 71.9% ) , triglycerides ( 51% ) , high - density lipoprotein ( hdl ) cholesterol ( 9.3% ) , and non - hdl ( 68.2% ) values .  thirty - four cardiac events were documented in 8 patients before apheresis , compared with 9 events in 5 patients after apheresis .  our survey showed a high prevalence of statin intolerance ( 64% ) , with the majority ( 90% ) of participants indicating an interest in alternative treatment options .  our results have shown that lipid apheresis primary effect is a marked reduction in ldl - c cholesterol levels and may reduce the recurrence of cardiac events .  apheresis should be compared to the newer alternative treatment modalities in a randomized fashion due to patient interest in alternative options . ', 'Lipid apheresis is used to treat severe hyperlipidemia by reducing low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C). A study found significant reductions in lipid levels, including LDL-C, triglycerides, and non-HDL cholesterol, after lipid apheresis, and a reduction in cardiac events in patients with familial hypercholesterolemia (FH).', 8)
(' we examined the usefulness of brief neuropsychological tests and serum a as a predictive test for detecting mci / ad in older adults .  serum a levels were measured from 208 subjects who were cognitively normal at enrollment and blood draw .  twenty - eight of the subjects subsequently developed mci ( n = 18 ) or ad ( n = 10 ) over the follow - up period .  baseline measures of global cognition , memory , language fluency , and serum a142 and the ratio of serum a142/a140 were significant predictors for future mci / ad using cox regression with demographic variables , apoe 4 , vascular risk factors , and specific medication as covariates . an optimal sensitivity of 85.2% and specificity of 86.5% for predicting mci / ad was achieved using roc analyses .  brief neuropsychological tests and measurements of a142 obtained via blood warrants further study as a practical and cost effective method for wide - scale screening for identifying older adults who may be at - risk for pathological cognitive decline . ', 'Brief neuropsychological tests and measurements of a142 in the blood may be useful for predicting cognitive decline in older adults. An optimal sensitivity and specificity of 85.2% and 86.5%, respectively, were achieved using ROC analyses, indicating that these measures have the potential to be a practical and cost-effective method for wide-scale screening for cognitive decline.', 8)
(' we compared serum polychlorinated dibenzo - p - dioxins ( pcdds ) and polychlorinated dibenzofurans ( pcdfs ) among residents of two homes to levels among age- and sex - matched comparison subjects .  the residents of the two homes consumed contaminated eggs and beef from animals raised at the homes .  the animals had greater soil contact than those raised with conventional commercial husbandry practices .  the comparison subjects were from a similar rural area , but did not consume home - produced beef and eggs .  serum levels of 2,3,7 , 8-substituted tetra- , penta- , and hexacdds and penta- , hexa- , and heptacdfs were increased between 2- and 6-fold in residents from one home ; contaminated eggs and beef were consumed by residents for 2 - 15 years .  elevations were less for those in the other index home , where only home - produced eggs were consumed for 2 years ; a 3-fold elevation of 1,2,3,7,8,9-hexacdd as compared to controls was most apparent .  very strong bivariate correlations among all of the 2,3,7 , 8 penta- and hexacdds / cdfs were observed .  the elevations observed verify that pcdd / pcdf - contaminated food contributed to the body burden of these compounds .  the blood levels among the highest exposed participants are generally higher than those observed in other studies of u.s .  contaminated - fish consumers and higher than average adipose tissue levels observed in u.s . urban populations .  there are sufficient animal toxicologic and human epidemiologic data to recommend that exposures be reduced . in the study area ,  pentachlorophenol and pentachlorophenol incineration sources have been identified , and the animal contamination and blood elevations probably reflect these sources .  soil reference values and site - specific risk assessments should include estimates of exposures to contamination in home - produced animal products .  such estimates can be verified with limited pcdd / pcdf sampling of animals and humans.imagesfigure 1figure 2 ', 'Residents of two homes consumed contaminated eggs and beef from animals raised on the properties, leading to elevated levels of polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins (PCDFs) and polychlorinated dibenzofurans (PCDFs) in their blood compared to age- and sex-matched comparison subjects. The elevations in PCDFs were observed in both homes, with the highest levels found in participants who consumed contaminated food for longer periods of time.', 8)
(' backgrounda review of the literature and an extensive medline search revealed that this is the first case report of the use of guaifenesin to increase sperm motility.casea 32-year - old male presented for an infertility evaluation .  he reported an inability to conceive with his wife after 18 months of unprotected intercourse .  a semen analysis was performed that included spermatozoa count , liquefaction , morphology , motility , viscosity and volume .  initial results of the semen analysis demonstrated low sperm count and motility .  the provider offered treatment with guaifenesin 600 mg extended release tablets twice daily .  two months after guaifenesin therapy the semen analysis was repeated that demonstrated marked improvement in both total sperm count and motility.conclusionevidence for the effectiveness of guaifenesin is almost entirely anecdotal .  given the mechanism of action of guaifenesin , it is not clear from this case why the patient demonstrated such a large improvement in both sperm count and motility .  additional studies of the effects of guaifenesin on male fertility could yield information of the medication s effect on men with normal or decreased total sperm counts . ', '  A 32-year-old man was treated with guaifenesin for infertility after an 18-month period of unprotected intercourse without conceiving. Two months after starting guaifenesin therapy, his semen analysis showed significant improvements in both sperm count and motility, despite initial low counts and motility.', 8)
(' this was a cross - sectional study that investigated pesticide exposure and its risk factors targeting vegetable farmers selected through cluster sampling .  the sampling size calculated with p = .05 was 211 vegetable farmers and 37 farms .  the mean usage of pesticide was 21.35 liters .  risk factors included damaged backpack sprayer ( 34.7% ) , spills on hands ( 31.8% ) , and spraying against the wind ( 58% ) .  the top 3 pesticides used were pyrethroid ( 46.4% ) , organophosphates ( 24.2% ) , and carbamates ( 21.3% ) .  those who were exposed to fungicides and insecticides also had higher total pesticide exposure .  furthermore , a farmer who was a pesticide applicator , mixer , loader , and who had not been given instructions through training was at risk of having higher pesticide exposure .  the most prevalent symptoms were headache ( 64.1% ) , muscle pain ( 61.1% ) , cough ( 45.5% ) , weakness ( 42.4% ) , eye pain ( 39.9% ) , chest pain ( 37.4% ) , and eye redness ( 33.8% ) .  the data can be used for the formulation of an integrated program on safety and health in the vegetable industry . ', 'This cross-sectional study investigated pesticide exposure and risk factors among vegetable farmers in a selected area. The study found that the top three pesticides used were pyrethroid, organophosphates, and carbamates, and that farmers who were exposed to fungicides and insecticides had higher total pesticide exposure.', 8)
(' cardiac progenitor cells are multipotent stem cells isolated from both embryonic and adult hearts in several species and are able to differentiate at least into smooth muscle cells , endothelial cells and cardiomyocytes .  the embryonic origin of these cells has not yet been demonstrated , but it has been suggested that these cells may derive from the first and secondary heart fields and from the neural crest . in the last decade ,  two different populations of cardiac progenitor or stem cells have been identified and isolated , i.e. , the islet1 positive ( isl1 + ) and c - kit positive ( c - kit+)/stem cell antigen-1 positive ( sca-1 + ) cells . until 2012 ,  these two populations have been considered two separate entities with different roles and a different origin , but new evidence now suggests a connection between the two populations and that the two populations may represent two subpopulations of a unique pool of cardiac stem cells , derived from a common immature primitive cell . to find  a common consensus on this concept is very important in furthering the application of stem cells to cardiac tissue engineering . ', '  Cardiac progenitor cells are multipotent stem cells found in both embryonic and adult hearts, capable of differentiating into smooth muscle cells, endothelial cells, and cardiomyocytes. Two distinct populations of cardiac progenitor cells, Islet1-positive (Islet1+) and c-kit-positive/stem cell antigen-1-positive (Sca-1+), have been identified, but new evidence suggests they may represent two subpopulations of a unique pool of cardiac stem cells derived from a common immature primitive cell.', 8)
(' objectiveprimary diffuse leptomeningeal gliomatosis ( pdlg ) is a rare neoplasm with a short survival time of a few months .  there is currently no standardized therapeutic approach for pdlg.materials and methodswe report on a 53-year - old male patient who presented with epileptic seizures , gait disturbance , paraparesis and sensory deficits in the dermatomes t8-10.resultsmagnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) revealing numerous spinal and cranial gadolinium - enhancing nodules in the meninges and histopathology led us to diagnose primary diffuse leptomeningeal gliomatosis with who grade iii astrocytic cells .  consecutively , the patient underwent craniospinal radiotherapy ( 30 gy ) and 11 sequential cycles of temozolomide .  this regimen led to partial tumor regression .  thirteen months later , spinal mri revealed tumor progression . second - line chemotherapy with 5 cycles of irinotecan and bevacizumab did not prevent further clinical deterioration .  the patient died twenty - two months after diagnosis , being the longest survival time described thus far with respect to pdlg consisting of astrocytic tumor cells.conclusionsradiochemotherapy including temozolomide , as established standard therapy for brain malignant astrocytomas , might be valid as a basic therapeutic strategy for this pdlg subtype . ', '  A 53-year-old man with primary diffuse leptomeningeal gliomatosis (PDLG), a rare and aggressive brain tumor, experienced partial tumor regression after undergoing craniospinal radiotherapy and temozolomide chemotherapy. However, the tumor progressed despite further treatment with irinotecan and bevacizumab, and the patient ultimately died 22 months after diagnosis, the longest survival time reported for this subtype of PDLG.', 8)
(' purpose : to investigate to what degree the presence of hypertension ( htn ) and poor glycemic control ( gc ) influences the likelihood of having microalbuminuria ( mau ) among cuban americans with type 2 diabetes ( t2d).methods : a cross - sectional study conducted in cuban americans ( n = 179 ) with t2d .  participants were recruited from a randomly generated mailing list purchased from knowledge - base marketing , inc .  blood pressure ( bp ) was measured twice and averaged using an adult size cuff .  glycosylated hemoglobin ( a1c ) levels were measured from whole blood samples with the roche tina - quant method .  first morning urine samples were collected from each participant to determine mau by a semiquantitative assay ( immunodip).results : mau was present in 26% of cuban americans with t2d .  a significantly higher percentage of subjects with ma had htn ( p = 0.038 ) and elevated a1c ( p = 0.002 ) than those with normoalbuminuria .  logistic regression analysis showed that after controlling for covariates , subjects with poor gc were 6.76 times more likely to have mau if they had hypertension compared with those without hypertension ( p = 0.004 ; 95% confidence interval [ ci ] : 1.83 , 23.05).conclusion : the clinical significance of these findings emphasizes the early detection of mau in this hispanic subgroup combined with bp and good gc , which are fundamentals in preventing and treating diabetes complications and improving individuals renal and cardiovascular outcomes . ', 'Cuban Americans with type 2 diabetes (T2D) are at a higher risk of developing microalbuminuria (MAU) if they have hypertension (HTN) and poor glycemic control (GC). A cross-sectional study found that 26% of Cuban Americans with T2D had MAU, and subjects with both HTN and elevated A1C levels were more likely to have MAU than those without these conditions.', 8)
(' introduction : breast cancer accounts for 19 - 34% of all cancer cases among women in india .  there is high mortality due to late stage diagnosis as patients usually present at an advanced stage because of lack of awareness and nonexistent breast cancer screening programs .  early detection and prompt treatment offer the greatest chance of long - term survival and breast self - examination ( bse ) seems to be a important viable optional substitute for early detection of cancer.objectives:1 ) to assess the level of knowledge of degree college female students on bse .  2 ) to determine the effectiveness of planned teaching program among degree college female students on bse .  3 ) to find the association between pretest knowledge and selected demographic variables.materials and methods : pre - experimental one group pretestpost - test design was carried out among 40 degree female students by using cluster sampling method from selected colleges of udupi district.results:the data analyzed showed that majority ( 52% ) of them was in the age group of 18 - 19 years and 72% of them were had average knowledge on bse in the pretest score .  out of 40 participants only one student was performing bse occasionally.conclusions:awareness regarding breast self examination among young generations is useful and it is the most important viable tool for early detection . ', 'Breast cancer is a significant health problem among Indian women, with late stage diagnosis leading to high mortality rates due to a lack of awareness and absence of breast cancer screening programs. Early detection and prompt treatment through breast self-examination (BSE) offer the best chance of long-term survival, and this study aimed to assess the knowledge of degree college female students on BSE and determine the effectiveness of a planned teaching program.', 8)
(' backgroundgiven the risk of paralysis associated with cervical transforaminal injection , is it time to reconsider transforaminal injections of the lumbar spine ?  arguments for discontinuing lumbar injections have been discussed in the anesthesia literature , raising concern about the risks of epidural steroid injections ( esis).methodsin a 47-year - old man , paraplegia of the lower extremities developed , specifically conus medullaris syndrome , after he underwent an esi for recurrent pain .  correct needle placement was verified with epidurography . immediately after the injection ,  the patient felt his legs  going dead  ; paraplegia of the lower extremities was noted.resultsan initial magnetic resonance imaging study performed after the patient was transferred to the emergency department was unremarkable .  however , a later neurosurgical evaluation showed conus medullaris syndrome , and a second magnetic resonance imaging study showed the conus infarct .  we conducted a search of the pubmed database of articles from 2002 to 2011 containing the following keywords : complications , lumbar epidural steroid injection(s ) , cauda equina syndrome , conus medullaris infarction , spinal cord infarction , spinal cord injury , paralysis , paresis , plegia , paresthesia , and anesthesia.conclusionssummarizing this case and 5 similar cases , we weigh the potential benefits and risks of esi . although one can safely assume that this severe , devastating complication is rare , we speculate that its true incidence remains unknown , possibly because of medicolegal implications .  we believe that the rarity of this complication should not preclude the continued use of transforaminal esi ; rather , it should be emphasized for discussion with patients during the consent process . ', '  A 47-year-old man developed paraplegia of the lower extremities after undergoing an epidural steroid injection (ESI) for recurrent pain, leading to concerns about the risks of ESI. A review of the literature suggests that the complication of ESI, including paralysis, is rare but possible, and it is important to emphasize this risk during the consent process.', 8)
(" because of rampant concern that estrogenic chemicals in the environment may be adversely affecting the health of humans and wildlife , reliable methods for detecting and characterizing estrogenic chemicals are needed .  it is important that general agreement be reached on which tests to use and that these tests then be applied to the testing of both man - made and naturally occurring chemicals . as a step toward developing a comprehensive approach to screening  chemicals for estrogenic activity , three assays for detecting estrogenicity were conducted on 10 chemicals with known or suspected estrogenic activity .  the assays were 1 ) competitive binding with the mouse uterine estrogen receptor , 2 ) transcriptional activation in hela cells transfected with plasmids containing an estrogen receptor and a response element , and 3 ) the uterotropic assay in mice .  the chemicals studied were 17 beta - estradiol , diethylstilbestrol , tamoxifen , 4-hydroxytamoxifen , methoxychlor , the methoxychlor metabolite 2,2-bis(p - hydroxyphenyl)-1,1,1-trichloroethane ( hpte ) , endosulfan , nonylphenol , o , p'-ddt , and kepone .  these studies were conducted to assess the utility of this three - assay combination in the routine screening of chemicals , or combinations of chemicals , for estrogenic activity .  results were consistent among the three assays with respect to what is known about the estrogenic activities of the chemicals tested and their requirements for metabolic activation . by providing information on three levels of hormonal activity  ( receptor binding , transcriptional activation , and an in vivo effect in an estrogen - responsive tissue ) , an informative profile of estrogenic activity is obtained with a reasonable investment of resources.imagesp1296-afigure 1.figure 2.figure 3.figure 4.figure 5 . ", "Reliable methods for detecting and characterizing estrogenic chemicals are needed to assess their potential impact on human and wildlife health. Three assays were conducted on 10 chemicals with known or suspected estrogenic activity to evaluate their utility in screening for estrogenic activity, and the results were consistent among the assays and with what is known about the chemicals' estrogenic activities.", 8)
(' the amyloid cascade hypothesis remains a robust model of ad neurodegeneration .  however , amyloid deposits contain proteins besides a , such as apolipoprotein e ( apoe ) .  inheritance of the apoe4 allele is the strongest genetic risk factor for late - onset ad .  however , there is no consensus on how different apoe isotypes contribute to ad pathogenesis .  it has been hypothesized that apoe and apoe4 in particular is an amyloid catalyst or   pathological chaperone  .  alternatively it has been posited that apoe regulates a clearance , with apoe4 been worse at this function compared to apoe3 .  these views seem fundamentally opposed .  the former would indicate that removing apoe will reduce ad pathology , while the latter suggests increasing brain apoe levels may be beneficial .  here we consider the scientific basis of these different models of apoe function and suggest that these seemingly opposing views can be reconciled . the optimal therapeutic target may be to inhibit the interaction of apoe with a rather than altering apoe levels .  such an approach will not have detrimental effects on the many beneficial roles apoe plays in neurobiology .  furthermore , other a binding proteins , including act and apo j can inhibit or promote a oligomerization / polymerization depending on conditions and might be manipulated to effect ad treatment . ', "  The Amyloid Cascade Hypothesis remains a robust model of Alzheimer's disease (AD) pathogenesis, but it has been found that amyloid deposits contain proteins beyond -amyloid (A), such as apolipoprotein E (apoE). Inheritance of the apoE4 allele is the strongest genetic risk factor for late-onset AD, but there is no consensus on how different apoE isotypes contribute to AD pathogenesis. The opposing views on the role of apoE in AD pathogenesis can be reconciled, and the optimal therapeutic target may be to inhibit the interaction of apoE with A rather than altering apoE levels. Other A-binding proteins, such as ACT and APJ, can also be manipulated to affect AD treatment.", 8)
(' musculoskeletal disorders are among the most common problems affecting the elderly .  the resulting loss of mobility and physical independence can be particularly devastating in this population .  the aim of this article is to present some of the most frequent musculoskeletal disorders of the elderly , such as fractures , osteoporosis , osteoarthritis , microcrystal disorders , infections , and tumors . ', '  Musculoskeletal disorders are common in the elderly and can lead to loss of mobility and independence. This article discusses the most frequent musculoskeletal disorders in the elderly, including fractures, osteoporosis, osteoarthritis, microcrystal disorders, infections, and tumors.', 8)
(' although the association between episodic migraine and psychiatric comorbidities is well documented , few studies have focused on the comorbidity with chronic migraine ( cm ) and discrepancies exist between population - based and clinic - based data .  the objective of this study is to compare demographic and psychiatric comorbidity correlates between cm samples drawn from the community and tertiary care .  all inhabitants from a city borough were interviewed for the presence of headaches occurring 15 or more days per month .  cm was diagnosed after subjects had been interviewed and examined by a headache doctor .  participants were also assessed with a structured interview by a psychiatrist , who assigned diagnoses based on the dsm - iv .  the same investigators assessed all patients consecutively seen in a university - based outpatient headache center over a 4-month period .  the samples consist of 41 individuals from the community and 43 from the headache center .  sociodemographic profiles were similar between groups with the exception of the mean number of years of formal education . among individuals from the community , psychiatric diagnoses were present in 65.9  % of cases , relative to 83.7  % in those from the headache center ( p  =  0.06 ) .  phobias ( 41.9 vs. 29.3  % ) and depression ( 32.6 vs. 29.3  % ) were more frequent in patients from the headache center , but this difference did not reach statistical significance .  thus the frequency of psychiatric disorders in patients with cm was elevated in both settings , being higher in the specialty care clinic . ', 'The study compared the demographic and psychiatric comorbidity correlates between individuals with chronic migraine (CM) drawn from the community and those seen in a tertiary care setting. The study found that the frequency of psychiatric disorders, such as phobias and depression, was higher in the specialty care clinic compared to the community setting.', 8)
(' although postherpetic neuralgia ( phn ) is a common chronic pain syndrome , the pathophysiology of this disorder is not well known and management is often very difficult .  n - methyl - d - aspartate ( nmda ) receptor antagonists are known to be effective in phn , and magnesium , a physiological blocker of nmda receptors , is widely used to treat various chronic pain disorders . here ,  we present a case of the phn refractory to conventional treatment , which was treated successfully with transforaminal epidural injection of magnesium sulphate at the affected dermatome . ', 'Postherpetic neuralgia (PHN), a common chronic pain syndrome, has a poorly understood pathophysiology and challenging management. Magnesium, a physiological blocker of N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptors, is widely used to treat various chronic pain disorders, including PHN.', 8)
(' purposeto evaluate the association between the size of peripheral retinal nonperfusion and the number of intravitreal ranibizumab injections in patients with treatment - nave central retinal vein occlusion ( crvo).methodsfifty - four patients with treatment - nave crvo and macular edema were included .  each patient underwent a full ophthalmologic examination including optical coherence tomography imaging and ultrawide - field fluorescein angiography .  monthly intravitreal ranibizumab injections were applied according to the recommendations of the german ophthalmologic society .  two ophthalmologists quantified the areas of peripheral retinal nonperfusion ( group 1= less than five disc areas , group 2= more than five disc areas ) .  correlation analyses between the size of nonperfusion with best - corrected visual acuity , central subfield thickness , and the number of intravitreal injections were performed.resultsbest-corrected visual acuity improved significantly after intravitreal injections ( p<0.001 , both groups ) .  final central subfield thickness after treatment did not significantly differ between both groups ( p=0.92 , p=0.96 , respectively ) .  mean number of injections in group 1 and group 2 was 4.122.73 and 9.323.84 , respectively ( p<0.001 ) .  there was a significant positive correlation between areas of nonperfusion and the number of injections in each group .  ( r=0.97 , p<0.001 ; r=0.94 , p<0.001 , respectively).conclusionperipheral retinal nonperfusion in patients with crvo correlates significantly with the number of needed intravitreal ranibizumab injections .  ultrawide - field fluorescein angiography is a useful tool for detection of peripheral retinal ischemia , which may have direct implications in the diagnosis , follow - up , and treatment of these patients . ', 'The study found that the size of peripheral retinal nonperfusion in patients with treatment-naive central retinal vein occlusion (CRVO) correlates significantly with the number of intravitreal ranibizumab injections needed. Ultrawide-field fluorescein angiography is a useful tool for detecting peripheral retinal ischemia in these patients, which may have implications for diagnosis, follow-up, and treatment.', 8)
(' background and objectives : there is a wide variation of reported incidence of small bowel obstruction ( sbo ) after laparoscopic roux - en - y gastric bypass ( lgb ) .  there is also wide variation in technique , not only in placement of the roux limb , but also regarding closure or nonclosure of the mesenteric defects .  the objective of this study was to examine the incidence and characteristics of sbo after antecolic antegastric bypass with nonclosure of the mesenteric defect of the jejunojejunal anastomosis.methods:this is a retrospective review of a series of consecutive lgbs over a 3-year period .  all procedures were performed by the same surgeon using the same technique . in no case was the mesenteric defect closed . a prospectively maintained database  was used for data collection .  patients who returned with an sbo were the study group , and those who underwent revisional bariatric surgery or conversion to open operation were excluded.results:there were 249 primary lgbs performed during the study period ; 15 of the operations were followed by sbo , for an incidence of 6.0% .  four cases were caused by an internal hernia ( ih ) , for an incidence of 1.6% , and 11 were caused by adhesions , which accounted for 73% of the sbos.conclusions:sbo after lgb is a relatively common complication .  the incidence of sbo from ih with nonclosure of the mesenteric defect is similar to that in other series where the defect is closed .  regardless of the cause of the sbo , operative treatment of the patient who has a gastric bypass remains the definitive standard and should not be delayed . ', 'The incidence of small bowel obstruction (SBO) after laparoscopic Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (LGB) varies widely, with a 6.0% incidence in this study. The majority of SBOs (73%) were caused by adhesions, while 1.6% were caused by internal hernias, despite the mesenteric defect being left unclosed during the procedure.', 8)
(' the chemical composition of core  shell  nanoparticle clusters  have been determined through principal component analysis ( pca ) and  independent component analysis ( ica ) of an energy - dispersive x - ray  ( edx ) spectrum image ( si ) acquired in a scanning transmission electron  microscope ( stem ) .  the method blindly decomposes the si into three  components , which are found to accurately represent the isolated and  unmixed x - ray signals originating from the supporting carbon film ,  the shell , and the bimetallic core .  the composition of the latter  is verified by and is in excellent agreement with the separate quantification  of bare bimetallic seed nanoparticles . ', '  Researchers have used principal component analysis (PCA) and independent component analysis (ICA) to determine the chemical composition of core-shell nanoparticle clusters in an energy-dispersive X-ray (EDX) spectrum image acquired in a scanning transmission electron microscope (STEM). The method decomposed the spectrum into three components, which accurately represent the X-ray signals from the supporting carbon film, shell, and bimetallic core, and the composition of the latter was verified through separate quantification of bare bimetallic seed nanoparticles.', 8)
(' ca2+/calmodulin - dependent protein kinase ii ( camkii ) functions both in regulation of insulin secretion and neurotransmitter release through common downstream mediators .  therefore , we hypothesized that pancreatic  - cells acquire and store the information contained in calcium pulses as a form of  metabolic memory  , just as neurons store cognitive information . to test this hypothesis , we developed a novel paradigm of pulsed exposure of  - cells to intervals of high glucose , followed by a 24-h  consolidation period to eliminate any acute metabolic effects .  strikingly ,  - cells exposed to this high - glucose pulse paradigm exhibited significantly stronger insulin secretion .  this metabolic memory was entirely dependent on camkii .  metabolic memory was reflected on the protein level by increased expression of proteins involved in glucose sensing and ca2 + -dependent vesicle secretion , and by elevated levels of the key  - cell transcription factor mafa . in summary , like neurons ,  human and mouse  - cells are able to acquire and retrieve information . ', 'Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II (CaMKII) regulates insulin secretion and neurotransmitter release in pancreatic cells through common downstream mediators. Pancreatic cells acquire and store information contained in calcium pulses as a form of metabolic memory, similar to how neurons store cognitive information.', 8)
(" a common framework for describing functional status information ( fsi ) in health records is needed in order to make this information comparable and of value .  the world health organization 's ( who 's ) international classification of functioning , disability and health ( icf ) , which has been approved by all its member states , provides this common language and framework . the biopsychosocial model of functioning and disability embodied in the icf goes beyond disease and conceptualizes functioning from the individual 's body , person , and lived experience vantage points , thereby allowing for planning interventions targeted at the individual 's body , the individual as a whole or toward the environment .  this framework then permits the evaluation of both the effectiveness and cost effectiveness of these different interventions in devising programs at the personal or societal level . ", "  A common language and framework for describing functional status information (FSI) in health records is needed to make this information comparable and valuable. The World Health Organization's (WHO's) International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health (ICF) provides this common language and framework, which goes beyond disease and conceptualizes functioning from the individual's body, person, and lived experience vantage points, allowing for the evaluation of interventions' effectiveness and cost-effectiveness.", 8)
("  objective . to examine risk factors for false positive hiv enzyme immunoassay ( eia ) testing at delivery  . study design .  a review of pregnant women who delivered at parkland hospital between 2005 and 2008 was performed .    patients routinely received serum hiv eia testing at delivery , with positive results confirmed through immunofluorescent testing .    demographics , hiv , hepatitis b surface antigen ( hbsag ) , and rapid plasma reagin ( rpr ) results were obtained .    statistical analyses included pearson 's chi - square and student 's t - test . results .  of 47,794 patients , 47,391 ( 99% ) tested negative , 145 ( 0.3% ) falsely positive , 172 ( 0.4% ) positive , and 86 ( 0.2% ) equivocal or missing hiv results .  the positive predictive value of eia was 54.3% .    patients with false positive results were more likely nulliparous ( 43% versus 31% , p  < 0.001 ) and younger ( 23.9  5.7 versus 26.2  5.9 years , p < 0.001 ) .    hiv positive patients were older than false positive patients and more likely positive for hbsag and rpr .  conclusion .  false positive hiv testing at delivery using eia is associated with young maternal age and nulliparity in this population .  ", 'A study examined risk factors for false positive HIV enzyme immunoassay (EIA) testing at delivery in pregnant women who delivered at Parkland Hospital between 2005 and 2008. The study found that young maternal age and nulliparity were associated with false positive HIV testing results.', 8)
(" the present study was designed to explore the effects of gas6 and axl gene polymorphisms on adiposity , systemic inflammation , and insulin resistance in adolescents .  after multistage sampling from the data of the taipei children heart study - iii , we collected 358 boys and 369 girls with an average age of 13.3 years .  we genotyped the adolescents ' gas6 rs8191973 , gas6 rs8191974 , axl rs4802113 , and axl rs2304232 polymorphisms .  significantly higher body mass index ( bmi ) , waist circumference ( wc ) , and hscrp levels were found in boys with the gg genotype of gas6 rs8191974 than a allele carriers ; higher il-6 and insulin levels and increased homa - ir were found in boys with the gg genotype of axl rs2304232 than the a allele carriers . there was a significant difference in hscrp levels of boys with the tt , tc , and cc genotypes of axl rs4802113 .  boys with both the gg genotype of gas6 rs8191973 and the gg genotype of gas6 rs8191974 exhibited higher bmi , wc , il-6 , and hscrp levels than the boys carrying both the c allele of the gas6 rs8191973 and the a allele of the gas6 rs8191974 . in conclusion ,  gas6 and axl polymorphisms are associated with adiposity , systemic inflammation , and insulin resistance in adolescents , especially in boys . ", 'The study examined the effects of GAS6 and AXL gene polymorphisms on adiposity, systemic inflammation, and insulin resistance in adolescents. The study found that certain combinations of GAS6 and AXL gene polymorphisms were associated with higher levels of adiposity, systemic inflammation, and insulin resistance in adolescent boys.', 8)
(' introduction : the process of assisted reproductive treatment is a stressful situation in the treatment of infertile couples and it would harm the mental health of women .  fertile women who started infertility treatment due to male factor infertility have reported to experience less stress and depression than other women before the assisted reproductive process but considering the cultural and social factors and also the etiology of the assisted reproductive process , it could affect the metal health of these women . therefore , this study was conducted to evaluate the mental health of fertile women who undergo assisted reproductive treatment due to male factor infertility.materials and methods : this study was a prospective study on 70 fertile women who underwent assisted reproductive treatment due to male factor infertility .  the exclusion criterion was to stop super ovulation induction . to assess  mental health , anxiety and depression dimensions of the general health questionnaire were used . before starting ovulation induction and after oocyte harvesting , the general health questionnaire was filled by women who were under treatment .  data were analyzed using multi - variable linear regression , paired t - test , and chi-square.results:the results showed that the mean score of depression and anxiety before ovulation induction and after oocyte harvesting were not significantly different ; but the rate of mental health disorder in the depression dimension was significantly decreased after oocytes harvesting ( 31.7% vs. 39.7% ) . also , there was a significant relation between the level of anxiety and depression before ovulation induction and after oocyte harvesting ( p < 0.05 ) .  the anxiety level after oocyte harvesting had a positive and significant correlation with the economic situation ( p < 0.05).conclusion : this study revealed that the process of assisted reproductive treatment does not affect the mental health in fertile women independently , but these women start assisted reproductive process with high levels of depression and anxiety .  therefore , prior to the assisted reproductive treatment mental health consultation is needed . ', 'A study evaluated the mental health of 70 fertile women undergoing assisted reproductive treatment due to male factor infertility. The study found that while the women did not experience significant changes in depression and anxiety levels before and after the treatment, the rate of depression decreased after oocyte harvesting, and there was a significant correlation between anxiety levels and economic situation.', 8)
('  introduction .  low serum vitamin d levels are associated with increased postural sway .  vitamin d varies seasonally .  this study investigates whether postural sway varies seasonally and is associated with serum vitamin d and falls  . methods . in a longitudinal observational study , eighty - eight independently mobile community - dwelling older adults ( 69.7  7.6 years ) were evaluated on five occasions over one year , measuring postural sway ( force platform ) , vitamin d levels , fall incidence , and causes and adverse outcomes .  mixed - methods poisson regression was used to determine associations between measures . results .  postural sway did not vary over the year .  vitamin d levels varied seasonally ( p < 0.001 ) , peaking in summer .  incidence of falls ( p = 0.01 ) and injurious falls ( p = 0.02 ) were lower in spring , with the highest fall rate at the end of autumn .  postural sway was not related to vitamin d ( p = 0.87 ) or fall rates , but it was associated with fall injuries ( irr 1.59 ( ci 1.14 to 2.24 , p = 0.007 ) .  conclusions .  postural sway remained stable across the year while vitamin d varied seasonally .  participants with high values for postural sway demonstrated higher rates of injurious falls .  this study provides important evidence for clinicians and researchers providing interventions measuring balance outcomes across seasons . ', 'Low levels of vitamin D in older adults are associated with an increased risk of falls, but the relationship between vitamin D levels and postural sway (a measure of balance) is complex and varies by season. In this study, postural sway remained stable across the year while vitamin D levels varied seasonally, with the highest levels of vitamin D observed in the summer and the lowest levels in the winter.', 8)
(" backgroundthe abortifacient claim of senna alata ( s. alata ) was scientifically validated recently with alkaloids speculated to be the bioactive agent .  this speculation is yet to be substantiated or refuted by scientific evidence .  the present study was aimed to investigate the pregnancy terminating effects of the alkaloids from s. alata leaves.methodstwenty four pregnant rats ( 143.991.21 g ) allocated randomly to four groups : a , b , c and d respectively received , 0.5 ml of distilled water , 250 , 500 and 1000 mg / kg body weight of the s. alata extracted alkaloids orally , once daily from day 10 until day 18 post - coitum .  the indices of abortifacient were evaluated at the end of the exposure period .  the results were analyzed by both the analysis of variance and duncan 's multiple range test and p < 0.05 was considered as statistically significant.resultsthin-layer chromatographic separation produced five spots with rf values of 0.28 , 0.33 , 0.39 , 0.47 and 0.55 which gave positive reaction with meyer 's and wagner 's reagents , respectively .  the number of implantation sites and corpora lutea , as well as the concentrations of fsh , lh , progesterone , weight of uterus , uterine/ body weight ratio , glucose and cholesterol decreased significantly ( p < 0.05 ) whereas the resorption index , pre- and post - implantation losses , uterine protein content and alkaline phosphatase activity increased significantly .  none of the alkaloid treated animals presented with provoked vaginal opening or bleeding except fetal deaths .  the alkaloid decreased the maternal weight gain , as well as feed and water intake.conclusionoverall , the alkaloids from s. alata leaves exhibited anti - implantation , anti - gonadotropic , anti - progesteronic , embryonic resorptive , feto - maternal toxic activities but not complete abortifacient .  the alkaloids alone may not be the sole abortifacient bioactive agent in the leaf extract . ", 'The alkaloids from Senna alata leaves have been found to have anti-implantation, anti-gonadotropic, anti-progesteronic, embryonic resorptive, and feto-maternal toxic effects, but did not completely induce abortion in pregnant rats. The study suggests that the alkaloids may not be the sole abortifacient bioactive agent in the leaf extract, and further research is needed to confirm this.', 8)
("  background .  the prognostic significance of erg expression in prostate cancer ( pca ) has generated mixed results .  we sought to investigate the prognostic significance of erg expression in a localized cohort of men with pca .  material and methods .  we investigated erg protein expression in a cohort of 198 men with localized pca .  erg expression was correlated with patients ' clinical outcome and several pathological parameters , including gleason score ( gs ) , pathological stage , surgical margin , and extra - capsular extension . results .  erg expression was detected in 86/198 ( 43.4% ) patients exclusively in neoplastic epithelium .  overall , erg mean expression intensity was 1.01  1.27 versus 0.37  0.83 in acinar pca compared to foamy type pca ( p < 0.001 ) . in hgpin , erg intensity levels were comparable to those in foamy type pca ( 0.13  0.56 ) but significantly lower than those in acinar pca ( p < 0.001 ) .  erg expression was significantly associated with extra - prostatic extension and higher pathological stage and showed a trend toward seminal vesicle invasion .  herein , erg expression was documented in 50/131 ( 38.1% ) patients with pt2 versus 30/55 ( 54.5% ) patients with pt3 ( p = 0.04 ) .  erg association with higher pathological stage was more pronounced in patients with gs > 7 .  grouping patients into those with gs  7 versus > 7 , there was no significant association between erg expression and gs .  similarly , no association was present in relation to either surgical margins or postsurgical serum psa levels . conclusion .  we report significant association between erg protein levels and extra - prostatic extension and higher pathological stage .  erg expression is not associated with adverse clinical outcome and is of limited prognostic value in localized pca . ", '  In this study, the expression of the ERG protein was investigated in a cohort of 198 men with localized prostate cancer (PCa). The results showed that ERG expression was detected in 43.4% of the patients, with higher expression levels associated with extra-prostatic extension and higher pathological stage. However, there was no significant association between ERG expression and adverse clinical outcomes such as surgical margins or postsurgical serum PSA levels. Overall, the study suggests that ERG expression may be a useful marker for predicting the aggressiveness of PCa, but further research is needed to confirm these findings.', 8)
(' nephrotoxicity is one of the limiting factors for using doxorubicin ( dox ) .  interleukin 1 has major role in dox - induced nephrotoxicity , so we investigated the effect of interleukin 1 receptor antagonist diacerein ( dia ) on dox - induced nephrotoxicity .  dia ( 25 and 50  mg / kg / day ) was administered orally to rats for 15 days , in the presence or absence of nephrotoxicity induced by a single intraperitoneal injection of dox ( 15  mg / kg ) at the 11th day .  we measured levels of serum urea , creatinine , renal reduced glutathione ( gsh ) , malondialdehyde ( mda ) , total nitrites ( nox ) , catalase , and superoxide dismutase ( sod ) .  in addition , caspase-3 , tumor necrosis factor alpha ( tnf ) , nuclear factor kappa b ( nfb ) expressions , and renal histopathology were assessed .  our results showed that dox - induced nephrotoxicity was ameliorated or reduced by both doses of dia , but diacerein high dose ( dhd ) showed more improvement than diacerein low dose ( dld ) .  this protective effect was manifested by significant improvement in all measured parameters compared to dox treated group by using dhd .  dld showed significant improvement of creatinine , mda , nox , gsh , histopathology , and immunohistochemical parameters compared to dox treated group . ', 'Doxorubicin (Dox) is a chemotherapy drug that can cause nephrotoxicity, and interleukin 1 (IL-1) plays a major role in this toxicity. Administration of the interleukin 1 receptor antagonist diacerein (Dia) to rats reduced Dox-induced nephrotoxicity, with the higher dose (DHD) showing more improvement than the lower dose (DLD).', 8)
(' suicide is a leading cause of death among adolescents globally , and body weight is also a recognized reason for adolescent suicide .  therefore , we investigated the association between weight control behaviors ( wcb ) and suicide ideation and attempt , focusing on inappropriate weight control measures .  we used data from the 2014 korea youth risk behavior web - based survey , representing a total of 35,224 boys and 34,361 girls aged 12 to 18 years .  adolescents were classified into groups based on wcb : appropriate wcb , inappropriate wcb , and no wcb .  we performed logistic regression models to examine associations between wcb and suicide ideation and attempt , controlling for covariates .  both boys and girls with inappropriate wcb were more likely to report suicide ideation and attempt .  underweight and normal weight boys with inappropriate wcb were more likely to think or attempt suicide , and underweight girls with inappropriate wcb were also more likely to attempt suicide . among five common wcb combinations ,  the combination of " regular exercise , fasting , eating less " was highly associated with suicide ideation and attempt .  we confirmed that inappropriate wcb is associated with suicide ideation and attempt among korean adolescents .  given the high incidence rate of suicide among adolescents and the adverse effect of inappropriate wcb , encouraging adolescents to control their weight in healthy ways is imperative . ', 'Suicide is a leading cause of death among adolescents globally, and body weight is a recognized risk factor for adolescent suicide. Inappropriate weight control behaviors (WCB) are associated with an increased risk of suicide ideation and attempt among Korean adolescents, with underweight and normal weight boys and girls being particularly vulnerable.', 8)
(' purposeappendiceal tumors are a heterogeneous group of diseases that include typical neuroendocrine tumors ( tnet ) , goblet cell carcinoids ( gcc ) , and atypical gcc .  atypical gcc are classified into signet - ring cell cancers ( srcc ) and poorly differentiated appendiceal adenocarcinoids .  the prognosis and management of these diseases is unclear because there are no prospective studies .  the aim of this study is to assess the characteristics and outcome of appendiceal tnet , gcc , and srcc patients.materials and methodsappendiceal tnet , gcc , and srcc patients diagnosed between 1973 and 2011 were identified in the surveillance epidemiology and end results ( seer ) database .  demographics , type of surgery , and clinicopathologic characteristics were collected .  survival functions were estimated by the kaplan - meier method , and log - rank test was used to assess the difference in overall survival ( os ) among the three histologies.resultsthe seer database yielded 1,021 tnet patients , 1,582 with gcc , and 534 srcc patients .  tnet presented at a younger age ( p < 0.001 ) .  patients with srcc presented with advanced stage disease ( p < 0.001 ) . the median os ( mos ) for gcc and tnet patients was not reached ; mos for srcc was 24 months .  multivariate analysis stratified for stage revealed significantly longer survival for tnet and gcc than srcc ( p < 0.001).conclusionthis is the largest report to date for appendiceal neuroendocrine tumor patients , suggesting a spectrum of diseases with different characteristics and outcomes . in this report , we present a treatment approach for this complex spectrum of disease , based on the experience of ohio state and emory universities investigators . ', 'Appendiceal tumors are a diverse group of diseases, including typical neuroendocrine tumors (TNET), goblet cell carcinoids (GCC), and atypical GCC, which are further classified into signet-ring cell cancers (SRCC) and poorly differentiated appendiceal adenocarcinoids. The prognosis and management of these diseases are unclear due to a lack of prospective studies, but this study aims to assess the characteristics and outcomes of appendiceal TNET, GCC, and SRCC patients.', 8)
(' we have prepared two new diastereoisomeric  2-aza-5-phosphabicyclo[2.2.1]heptanes  from naturally occurring trans-4-hydroxy - l - proline in six chemical operations .  these syntheses are concise  and highly efficient , with straightforward purification . when we used  these chiral phosphines as catalysts for reactions of -substituted  allenoates with imines , we obtained enantiomerically enriched pyrrolines  in good yields with excellent enantioselectivities .  these two diastereoisomeric  phosphines functioned as pseudoenantiomers , providing their chiral  pyrrolines with opposite absolute configurations . ', 'Researchers have developed two new chiral phosphines, derived from naturally occurring trans-4-hydroxy-L-proline, which can be used as catalysts for enantioselective reactions of -substituted allenoates with imines. These catalysts enable the production of enantiomerically enriched pyrrolines with good yields and excellent enantioselectivities, with the two diastereoisomeric phosphines functioning as pseudoenantiomers.', 8)
(' we report a case of igg4-related disease ( igg4-rd ) diagnosed after 3 years of follow - up for idiopathic membranous nephropathy ( mn ) .  mn has been considered as glomerular lesion of igg4-related kidney diseases in recent years and was diagnosed simultaneously with or after a diagnosis of igg4-rd in previously reported cases . in the present case , igg4-rd developed 3 years after the diagnosis of idiopathic mn , indicating a possible relationship between idiopathic mn and igg4-rd through common underlying mechanisms of development . ', 'A case of IGG4-related disease (IGG4-RD) was diagnosed in a patient after three years of follow-up for idiopathic membranous nephropathy (MN). The development of IGG4-RD in this case occurred three years after the diagnosis of MN, suggesting a possible connection between the two conditions through shared underlying mechanisms.', 8)
(' purposeto evaluate retinopathy associated with interferon therapy in patients with chronic hepatitis c.methodsone hundred patients with chronic hepatitis c undergoing interferon therapy were examined for the presence of cotton wool spots , retinal hemorrhages , cystoid macular edema , capillary non - perfusion , and arteriolar occlusion .  complete ophthalmological examination including indirect ophthalmoscopic fundus examination was carried out for all patients and colored fundus photography and fluorescein angiography were carried out for the patients with positive fundus findings .  the follow - up period was 9 months.resultssixteen percent of patients developed retinopathy in the form of cotton wool spots , retinal hemorrhages , cystoid macular edema , and capillary non-perfusion.conclusioninterferon therapy can lead to retinopathy which is mostly reversible and dose related .  periodic fundoscopic examinations help in early detection and prevent progression to permanent visual loss . ', 'Interferon therapy for chronic hepatitis C can cause retinopathy, including cotton wool spots, retinal hemorrhages, cystoid macular edema, and capillary non-perfusion, in 16% of patients. Periodic fundoscopic examinations can help detect retinopathy early and prevent permanent visual loss.', 8)
(' t cells tell macrophages when to start making the toxic soup of lysosomal enzymes , reactive oxygen species , and nitric oxide that destroys intracellular pathogens . in 1983  , carl nathan proved that this start signal comes in the form of the secreted cytokine ifn. ', '  T cells signal to macrophages when to start producing a toxic mixture of enzymes, reactive oxygen species, and nitric oxide to kill intracellular pathogens. In 1983, Carl Nathan proved that this signal is provided by the secreted cytokine IFN.', 8)
(" objective : to determine the prevalence of premenstrual cyclic symptoms in perimenopausal age.subjects and methods : women attending bhavan 's sparc maitreyi 's health care programme ( hcp ) for women around 40 years of age were included in the study . last 200 women who attended from april 2002 to october 2004 are included for analysis .  out of these 107 qualified for final analysis as others were post hysterectomy or post menopausal .  thirty five symptoms listed under premenstrual tension syndrome were analysed.results:forty one women ( 38.3% ) had 3 or more symptoms whilst 15 ( 14.0% ) had 5 or more cyclic symptoms .  five women ( 4.7% ) reported that the symptoms were severe .  eleven women had seeked treatment for premenstrual tension syndrome ( pmts ) .  the commonest symptom was mastalgia or heaviness of breasts .  next was whilst also was reported by several women .  women reported anger attacks and reported depression.conclusion:pmts was common between 36 and 55 years .  about half of them have experienced 3 more symptoms and 1 in 20 may require treatment . ", 'The study aimed to determine the prevalence of premenstrual cyclic symptoms in perimenopausal women aged 40-55 years. Among 107 eligible participants, 41% experienced 3 or more symptoms, and 4.7% reported severe symptoms, with the most common symptoms being mastalgia (heaviness of breasts) and anger attacks.', 8)
(' the number of death due to cancer has been increasing in korea .  chemotherapy is known to cause side effects because it damages not only cancerous cells but healthy cells . recently  , attention has focused on food - derived chemopreventive and anti - tumor agents or formulations with fewer side effects .  kimchi , most popular and widely consumed in korea , contains high levels of lactic acid bacteria and has been shown to possess chemopreventive effects .  this review focuses on weissella cibaria and lactobacillus plantarum , the representatives of kimchi lactic acid bacteria , in terms of their abilities to prevent cancer .  further studies are needed to understand the mechanisms by which lactic acid bacteria in kimchi prevent carcinogenic processes and improve immune functions . ', "The number of cancer deaths in Korea has been increasing, and chemotherapy's side effects are a concern. Recently, there has been a focus on food-derived chemopreventive and anti-tumor agents with fewer side effects, such as kimchi, which contains high levels of lactic acid bacteria.", 8)
(' oncogenic osteomalacia ( oo ) is an uncommon but treatable cause of osteomalacia related to tumor production of fgf23 , usually caused by benign mesenchymal neoplasms .  paranasal sinus glomangiomas are a rare cause of oo , with only one previously reported case . here  we describe a second case ( first reported in english ) of paranasal sinus glomangioma - induced osteomalacia in a 42-year - old man .  he presented with weakness and multiple spontaneous fractures , and was found to have an ethmoid sinus glomangioma with intracranial extension .  the tumor was removed via endoscopic endonasal approach to the anterior skull base , which resulted in complete resolution of symptoms and no further evidence of disease 1  year postoperatively . ', 'Paranasal sinus glomangiomas are a rare cause of oncogenic osteomalacia (OO), which is a treatable condition caused by tumor production of fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF23). In this case report, a 42-year-old man experienced weakness and spontaneous fractures, and was found to have an ethmoid sinus glomangioma with intracranial extension, which was removed via an endoscopic endonasal approach to the anterior skull base, resulting in complete resolution of symptoms and no further evidence of disease one year postoperatively.', 8)
(' background : invasive mole is responsible for most cases of localized gestational trophoblastic neoplasia .  gestational trophoblastic disease describes a number of gynecologic tumors that originate in trophoblastic layer including hydatidiform mole ( complete or partial ) , invasive mole , choriocarcinoma , placental site trophoblastic tumor and epitheloid trophoblastic tumor .  invasive mole may arise from any pregnancy event although in most cases is diagnosed after molar pregnancy .  overall cure rate in low risk patients is nearly 100% and in high - risk patient 90% . in rare cases , molar tissue traverses thickness of myometrium and leads to perforation and acute abdomen and invasive mole infrequently metastasis .  the best treatment option is chemotherapy ( according to stage and score with single or multiple agent ) and in patients that fertility is not the matter , hysterectomy can be done.case presentation : a 41 years old g3p2ab1 woman referred to firouzgar hospital 2 months after curettage of molar pregnancy with vaginal bleeding and acute abdomen . in workup ,  hcg 224000 miu / ml and evidence of metastasis was detected .  chemotherapy due to stage 3 and score 9 and surgery due to acute abdomen was done .  this case was reported for its rarity.discussion:this case reported about ovarian metastasis and uterine rupture with acute abdomen and involvement of omentum in metastatic invasive mole .  lack of surveillance led to extensive morbidity .  management of this patient was successful . in follow up , she was free of disease without sequel of any kind for five years now . ', 'An invasive mole is responsible for most cases of localized gestational trophoblastic neoplasia, and the overall cure rate for low-risk patients is nearly 100% and for high-risk patients, it is 90%. In rare cases, molar tissue can traverse the thickness of the myometrium and lead to perforation and acute abdomen, and invasive mole can occasionally metastasize.', 8)
(' objectiveit has been proposed that skeletal muscle insulin resistance arises from the accumulation of intramyocellular lipid metabolites that impede insulin signaling , including diacylglycerol and ceramide .  we determined the role of de novo ceramide synthesis in mediating muscle insulin resistance.research design and methodsmice were subjected to 12 weeks of diet - induced obesity ( dio ) , and then treated for 4 weeks with myriocin , an inhibitor of serine palmitoyl transferase-1 ( spt1 ) , the rate - limiting enzyme of de novo ceramide synthesis.resultsafter 12 weeks of dio , c57bl/6 mice demonstrated a doubling in gastrocnemius ceramide content , which was completely reversed ( 141.5  15.8 vs. 94.6  10.2 nmol / g dry wt ) via treatment with myriocin , whereas hepatic ceramide content was unaffected by dio .  interestingly , myriocin treatment did not alter the dio - associated increase in gastrocnemius diacyglycerol content , and the only correlation observed between lipid metabolite accumulation and glucose intolerance occurred with ceramide ( r = 0.61 ) .  dio mice treated with myriocin showed a complete reversal of glucose intolerance and insulin resistance which was associated with enhanced insulin - stimulated akt and glycogen synthase kinase 3 phosphorylation .  furthermore , myriocin treatment also decreased intramyocellular ceramide content and prevented insulin resistance development in db / db mice . finally , myriocin - treated dio mice displayed enhanced oxygen consumption rates ( 3,041  124 vs. 2,407  124  ml / kg / h ) versus their control counterparts.conclusionsour results demonstrate that the intramyocellular accumulation of ceramide correlates strongly with the development of insulin resistance , and suggests that inhibition of spt1 is a potentially promising target for the treatment of insulin resistance . ', 'Skeletal muscle insulin resistance is thought to arise from the accumulation of lipid metabolites, including ceramide, which impede insulin signaling. Inhibition of the enzyme serine palmitoyl transferase-1 (Spt1), which is responsible for de novo ceramide synthesis, reversed muscle insulin resistance in mice with diet-induced obesity, as well as glucose intolerance and insulin resistance in mice with type 2 diabetes.', 8)
(' objectivealthough advanced age is a risk factor for type 2 diabetes , a clear understanding of the changes that occur during middle age that contribute to the development of skeletal muscle insulin resistance is currently lacking .  therefore , we sought to investigate how middle age impacts skeletal muscle fatty acid handling and to determine how this contributes to the development of diet - induced insulin resistance.research design and methodswhole - body and skeletal muscle insulin resistance were studied in young and middle - aged wild - type and cd36 knockout ( ko ) mice fed either a standard or a high - fat diet for 12 weeks .  molecular signaling pathways , intramuscular triglycerides accumulation , and targeted metabolomics of in vivo mitochondrial substrate flux were also analyzed in the skeletal muscle of mice of all ages.resultsmiddle-aged mice fed a standard diet demonstrated an increase in intramuscular triglycerides without a concomitant increase in insulin resistance .  however , middle - aged mice fed a high - fat diet were more susceptible to the development of insulin resistance  a condition that could be prevented by limiting skeletal muscle fatty acid transport and excessive lipid accumulation in middle - aged cd36 ko mice.conclusionour data provide insight into the mechanisms by which aging becomes a risk factor for the development of insulin resistance .  our data also demonstrate that limiting skeletal muscle fatty acid transport is an effective approach for delaying the development of age - associated insulin resistance and metabolic disease during exposure to a high - fat diet . ', 'Middle age is a risk factor for type 2 diabetes, but the specific changes that occur in skeletal muscle during this time that contribute to the development of insulin resistance are not well understood. To investigate, researchers studied the impact of middle age on skeletal muscle fatty acid handling in mice and found that middle-aged mice fed a high-fat diet were more susceptible to insulin resistance, but this could be prevented by limiting skeletal muscle fatty acid transport.', 8)
(' sarcopenia has been defined as the aging - related disease with the declined mass , strength , and function of skeletal muscle , which is the major cause of frailty and falls in elders .  the activation of inflammatory signal pathways due to diseases and aging is suggested to reveal the critical impact on sarcopenia .  several proinflammatory cytokines , especially interleukin-6 ( il-6 ) and tumor necrosis factor - alpha ( tnf- ) , play crucial roles in modulation of inflammatory signaling pathway during the aging - related loss of skeletal muscle  . micrornas ( mirnas ) have emerged as the important regulators for the mass and functional maintenance of skeletal muscle through regulating gene expression of proinflammatory cytokines . in this paper , we have systematically discussed regulatory mechanisms of mirnas for the expression and secretion of inflammatory cytokines during sarcopenia , which will provide some novel targets and therapeutic strategies for controlling aging - related atrophy of skeletal muscle and corresponding chronic inflammatory diseases . ', 'Sarcopenia, the decline of skeletal muscle mass, strength, and function with aging, is a major cause of frailty and falls in the elderly. Activation of inflammatory signaling pathways due to aging and diseases can significantly impact sarcopenia, with proinflammatory cytokines such as IL-6 and TNF- playing crucial roles in modulating inflammatory signaling pathways during aging-related loss of skeletal muscle mass.', 8)
(' temporary henna tattoos or pseudotattoos have become increasingly widespread among children and adolescent . a generalized skin reaction , type erythema multiforme - like reaction is unusual , and rarely reported .  we describe the case of a 7-year - old boy who reported erythematous papular bulls - eye shaped lesions and consolidated edema primarily in the upper and lower extremities .  these lesions were compatibles with erythema multiforme - like reaction .  he also showed an erythematous - eczematous lesion on his leg , shaped like a dolphin . in this area ,  a temporary henna tattoo was painted 1-month earlier .  patch test was positive for paraphenylenediamine ( ppd ) .  skin reactions due to henna are rare .  most of the reactions are due to additives , especially ppd , an aniline derivative , which is added to speed up the process of skin dyeing and to give a darker brown to black color (  black  henna ) .  as henna tattoos are becoming increasingly popular , prevention requires the annual provision of information to consumers , especially young people and their parents . ', '  A 7-year-old boy experienced a rare skin reaction, known as an erythema multiforme-like reaction, after getting a temporary henna tattoo. The reaction consisted of erythematous papular bullseye-shaped lesions and consolidated edema on his upper and lower extremities, as well as an erythematous-eczematous lesion on his leg in the shape of a dolphin.', 8)
(' background : mitochondrial diseases are a group of energy metabolic disorders with multisystem involvements .  variable clinical features present a major challenge in pediatric diagnoses .  we summarized the clinical spectrum of m.3243a > g mutation in chinese pediatric patients , to define the common clinical manifestations and study the correlation between heteroplasmic degree of the mutation and clinical severity of the disease.methods:clinical data of one - hundred pediatric patients with symptomatic mitochondrial disease harboring m.3243a > g mutation from 2007 to 2013 were retrospectively reviewed .  detection of m.3243a > g mutation ratio was performed by polymerase chain reaction ( pcr)-restriction fragment length polymorphism .  correlation between m.3243a > g mutation ratio and age was evaluated .  the differences in clinical symptom frequency of patients with low , middle , and high levels of mutation ratio were analyzed by chi - square test.results:sixty-six patients ( 66% ) had suffered a delayed diagnosis for an average of 2 years .  the most frequent symptoms were seizures ( 76% ) , short stature ( 73% ) , elevated plasma lactate ( 70% ) , abnormal magnetic resonance imaging / computed tomography ( mri / ct ) changes ( 68% ) , vomiting ( 55% ) , decreased vision ( 52% ) , headache ( 50% ) , and muscle weakness ( 48% ) .  the mutation ratio was correlated negatively with onset age ( r = 0.470 , p < 0.001 ) .  myopathy was more frequent in patients with a high level of mutation ratio .  however , patients with a low or middle level of m.3243a > g mutation ratio were more likely to suffer hearing loss , decreased vision , and gastrointestinal disturbance than patients with a high level of mutation ratio.conclusions:our study showed that half of chinese pediatric patients with m.3243a > g mutation presented seizures , short stature , abnormal mri / ct changes , elevated plasma lactate , vomiting , and headache .  pediatric patients with these recurrent symptoms should be considered for screening m.3243a > g mutation .  clinical manifestations and laboratory abnormalities should be carefully monitored in patients with this point mutation . ', 'Mitochondrial diseases are a group of energy metabolic disorders that can affect multiple systems in the body and are difficult to diagnose in children due to their variable clinical features. In a study of 100 Chinese pediatric patients with symptomatic mitochondrial disease caused by the m.3243a > g mutation, the most common symptoms were seizures, short stature, elevated plasma lactate, abnormal MRI/CT changes, vomiting, decreased vision, headache, and muscle weakness, and the mutation ratio was negatively correlated with onset age and myopathy was more frequent in patients with a high level of mutation ratio.', 8)
(" purposeto report a case of inadvertent anterior chamber and cornea stromal injection with high dose antibiotics and steroids during cataract operation.methodsduring cataract operation on a 78 year - old female patient , high dose gentamicin ( 20 mg/0.5 ml ) and dexamethasone ( 2 mg/0.5 ml ) were inadvertently injected into the anterior chamber and cornea stroma when making cornea edema for sealing of the incision sites .  anterior chamber irrigation with balanced salt solution ( bss ) was immediately administered .  on postoperative day one , extensive cornea edema was noted , and best - corrected visual acuity was 0.2 .  descemet 's membrane folds were observed around the corneal incision sites .  topical 5% nacl and 1% prednisolone were started.resultsfour weeks postoperatively , corneal edema began to reduce significantly . at four months  postoperatively , corneal edema fully resolved , and best - corrected visual acuity was 0.8 .  however , some descemet 's membrane folds still remained , and a decrease in the number of endothelial cells was noted by specular microscope.conclusionsin this case involving anterior chamber and cornea stromal injection with high dose antibiotics and steroids , immediate anterior chamber irrigation with balanced salt solution seemed an appropriate management , and the patient 's long - term visual acuity appears good . to prevent such mistakes , precise labeling of all solutions and use of different syringe needles should be considered . ", '  A 78-year-old female patient underwent cataract surgery, during which high doses of gentamicin and dexamethasone were inadvertently injected into the anterior chamber and cornea stroma. The patient experienced extensive cornea edema and poor visual acuity post-operatively, but this improved significantly over time with topical medication. The case highlights the importance of proper labeling and syringe use to prevent similar mistakes in the future.', 8)
(' little is known about the association between autosomal - dominant polycystic kidney disease ( adpkd ) and coronary artery dissection ( cad ) .  we suggest that the genetic disorder in adpkd is the main cause of instable artery vasculature .  our case also shows that cad can be missed in the acute phase .  therefore , we recommend additional investigation in patients with adpkd presenting with acute chest pain .  we report a case of a patient who developed a myocardial infarction due to a spontaneous dissection of the left anterior descending coronary artery .  adpkd was diagnosed during the additional investigation .  the patient received medical management . ', 'Little is known about the association between autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD) and coronary artery dissection (CAD). Our case suggests that the genetic disorder in ADPKD may cause instable artery vasculature, which can lead to missed diagnosis of CAD in the acute phase.', 8)
(' treatment of cancer in children often requires a combination of chemotherapy , surgery , and/or radiotherapy .  radiotherapy and chemotherapy are not painful processes , but children undergoing these procedures must be made motionless through anesthesia or sedation .  there are a few reports of complications during these procedures in relation to the procedures themselves or to the anesthesia given .  this report describes an unexpected pulseless radial artery which was preliminarily and unduly attributed to anesthesia .  a 2.5 year - old male pediatric patient with an acute lymphoblastic leukaemia was scheduled for radiotherapy .  anesthesia with intramuscular ketamine was induced before starting radiotherapy .  about 5 minutes after injection of ketamine we found the right radial pulse undetectable .  there was no other manifestation of hypoxia or hypo - perfusion .  carotid pulsation was normal .  examination of the left radial pulse and other peripheral pulses showed normal pulsation .  the procedure was continued uneventfully .  the next follow - up after radiotherapy , showed a scar and swelling on the right antecubital area , caused by extravasation of chemotherapeutic agent in the prior period of chemotherapy .  doppler ultrasonography of the antecubital vein confirmed the diagnosis .  this case study therefore demonstrates that proper intravenous cannula establishment before chemotherapy is of great importance .  furthermore , accurate history and physical examination before induction of anesthesia or sedation may be useful in preventing mismanagement in pediatric cancer procedures . ', 'Treatment for cancer in children often involves a combination of chemotherapy, surgery, and/or radiotherapy. During these procedures, children are typically given anesthesia or sedation to be made motionless, but there have been reports of complications related to the anesthesia or procedures themselves.', 8)
(' background : respiratory tract infections are very common among the hajj pilgrims . some preventive measures including influenza vaccination , using face mask and salt water gargling have been considered to control these infections and the reports show conflicting results about the effects of each one of these measures . this study is trying to assess the effects of these recommendations on respiratory tract infections.methods:according to nested case - control design , in a cohort consisting of 338 iranian pilgrims , the outcome examined , was all types of respiratory tract infections other than common colds . with occurrence of any patient in convoy , data collection form was completed for that person . on the same day ,  two people were randomly selected as control group from among pilgrims who have not affected so far.results:during hajj , 32 pilgrims ( 9.5% ) were affected by respiratory tract infections other than common colds . in univariable logistic regression analysis , salt water gargling ( or = 2.4 , p = 0.08 ) , existence of other patient in the room ( or = 2.14 , p = 0.19 ) , age over 60 years ( or = 1.84 ,  p = 0.15 ) and the education more than or equal to 3 years ( or = 1.93 , p = 0.16 ) were effective in the respiratory tract infections ( p < 0.2 ) .  however , multivariable logistic regression analysis showed that none of the above mentioned factors are significantly associated with these infections.conclusions:this study showed that measures such as seasonal influenza vaccination , use of face masks and personal prayer carpet have no effect on the incidence of respiratory tract infections .  however , washing throat and mouth with salt water can be considered the most effective preventive measures . ', 'A study examined the effectiveness of various preventive measures, including influenza vaccination, face mask use, and salt water gargling, in preventing respiratory tract infections among Hajj pilgrims. The study found that none of these measures were significantly associated with a reduced incidence of respiratory tract infections in multivariable analysis, but washing the throat and mouth with salt water may be the most effective preventive measure.', 8)
(' introductioncare coordination is an important aspect of nursing care especially for elderly patients admitted to an acute care setting . in singapore care coordination and transitional care nursing is a new concept of care nevertheless important but unexplored.aim/objectivesthe objective of this paper is to explore the characteristics of elderly patients receiving care coordination , determine care gaps and intervention during home visit and telephonic review.research design and samplinga designed questionnaire was used to collect information on the patient s demography , social and clinical profile and determine post discharge activities using eric coleman s four pillars tool .  a pilot study of ten questionnaires was conducted .  the retrospective data from the patient s index admission from the last six months ( nov 08april 09 ) was analyzed using spss version 16.resulttotal of 517 patients were recruited from october 2008 to march 2009 .  majority , 69% were above 70 years old of which 57% female and 76% lives with their children .  clinical information demonstrates that 53% had 36 co - morbidities and 58% were taking more than five medications .  the abbreviated mental test score were 6.2 , 6% were depressed and delirium was present in 14% of patients.only 65 patients ( 0.1% ) had home visits and telephonic review done whilst 97% of the remaining had only telephonic review done .  those who had both telephonic and home visit review , medications advice and compliance were checked only in 0.8% ( at one week ) and 1.6% ( at one month ) whilst during home visit this was done in 12.2% of patients as medication discrepancy were apparent at home . as for appointment compliance and compilation were done in 0.8% at one week and 51% at four weeks of telephonic review compared to during home visit only 4.8% .  caregivers education was emphasized in 14% of patients at home visit , 2% at one week and 4% at one month of telephonic review.discussionthe result showed that home visit is effective in exploring medication compliance , advice and emphasizing caregiver education , managing appointments can be effectively done through telephone review.conclusionthis study demonstrates the vital role of home visit for elderly patient to safely transit between hospitals to home . ', 'Elderly patients admitted to acute care settings in Singapore often require care coordination, but this aspect of nursing care is understudied and unexplored. A study found that only 0.1% of patients had home visits and telephonic review, while 97% had only telephonic review, highlighting the importance of home visits in exploring medication compliance and emphasizing caregiver education.', 8)
(' introduction : the objective of this study was to evaluate dentinal defects formed by new rotary system  protaper next ( ptn).materials and methods : sixty single - rooted premolars were selected .  all specimens were decoronated and divided into four groups , each group having 15 specimens .  group i specimens were prepared by hand k - files ( mani ) , group ii with protaper universal ( pt ; dentsply maillefer ) , group iii with hero shaper ( hs ; micro - mega , besancon , france ) , and group iv with ptn ( dentsply maillefer ) .  roots of each specimen were sectioned at 3 , 6 , and 9 mm from the apex and were then viewed under a stereomicroscope to evaluate presence or absence of dentinal defects.results:in roots prepared with hand files ( hfs ) showed lowest percentage of dentinal defects ( 6.7% ) ; whereas in roots prepared with pt , hs , and ptn it was 40 , 66.7 , and 26.7% , respectively .  there was significant difference between the hs group and the ptn group ( p < 0.05).conclusion : all rotary files induced defects in root dentin , whereas the hand instruments induced minimal defects . ', '  In a study, the authors evaluated the formation of dentinal defects in roots prepared with different rotary systems, including ProTaper Next (PTN). The results showed that the PTN system induced the highest percentage of dentinal defects (26.7%), while hand files (HFs) caused the lowest percentage (6.7%). The study suggests that rotary files are more likely to cause dentinal defects than hand instruments.', 8)
(' optimal design problem are widely known by their multiple performance measures that are often competing with each other . in this paper ,  an optimal multiproduct batch chemical plant design is presented . the design is firstly formulated as a multiobjective optimization problem , to be solved using the well suited non dominating sorting genetic algorithm ( nsga - ii ) .  the  nsga - ii have capability to achieve fine tuning of variables in determining a set of non  dominating solutions distributed along the pareto front in a single run of the algorithm .  the nsga - ii ability to identify a set of optimal solutions  provides the decision - maker dm  with a complete picture of the optimal solution space to gain better and appropriate choices .   then an outranking with promethee ii helps the decision - maker to finalize the selection  of a best compromise .  the effectiveness of nsga - ii method with multiojective optimization problem is illustrated through two carefully referenced examples . ', '  An optimal multiproduct batch chemical plant design is presented in the paper, formulated as a multiobjective optimization problem using a non-dominating sorting genetic algorithm (NSGA-II). The NSGA-II is able to identify a set of optimal solutions and provide a complete picture of the optimal solution space, allowing the decision-maker to make better and appropriate choices.', 8)
(' implant - supported craniofacial prostheses are made to restore defective areas in the face and cranium .  this clinical report describes a technique for fabrication of an orbital prosthesis with three adjacent implants in the left lateral orbital rim of a 60-year - old woman .  selection of appropriate attachment system ( individual magnetic abutments versus bar - clip attachment ) for implant - supported orbital prostheses depends upon the position of implants .  bar - magnetic attachment has been selected as the retention mechanism in the present case . ', '  Implant-supported craniofacial prostheses are used to restore defective areas in the face and cranium, and this report describes a technique for fabricating an orbital prosthesis with three adjacent implants in the left lateral orbital rim of a 60-year-old woman. The selection of the attachment system for the implant-supported orbital prosthesis depends on the position of the implants, and in this case, a bar-magnetic attachment has been selected.', 8)
(' backgroundhepatocellular carcinoma ( hcc ) is one of the most common cancers worldwide especially in china .  this article aimed to evaluate the influence of body mass index ( bmi ) and waistline on complications , postoperative death , and long - term survival in patients undergoing surgery for hcc.material/methods136 patients were enrolled and divided into 4 groups : group a , bmi < 25 ; group b , bmi 25 ; group c , waistline < 90 cm in males or waistline < 80 cm in females ; group d , waistline 90 cm in males or waistline 80 cm in females . clinical pathological features and surgical outcomes of these patients  were analyzed retrospectively.resultsthere were no significant differences in postoperative complication rate and postoperative death between group a and group b , although pulmonary infection showed a significant difference between 2 groups ( p=0.017 ) .  vascular invasion , waistline , and bmi are the independent prognostic factors for long - term survival .  the disease - free survival curves after hepatectomy showed no statistically significant difference between group a and group b. group c had the better overall survival than group d , and group a had the better overall survival than group b.conclusionsbmi and waistline are both independent prognostic factors for long - term survival of hcc after hepatectomy .  waistline is more important than bmi in predicting the disease - free survival of hcc after hepatectomy . ', 'Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is a common cancer worldwide, especially in China, and this study aimed to evaluate the impact of body mass index (BMI) and waistline on complications, postoperative death, and long-term survival in patients undergoing surgery for HCC. BMI and waistline were found to be independent prognostic factors for long-term survival, with waistline being more important than BMI in predicting disease-free survival after hepatectomy.', 8)
(' professional mononuclear phagocytes such as polymorphonuclear neutrophils ( pmn ) , monocytes , and macrophages are considered as the first line of defence against invasive pathogens .  the formation of extracellular traps ( ets ) by activated mononuclear phagocytes is meanwhile well accepted as an effector mechanism of the early host innate immune response acting against microbial infections .  recent investigations showed evidence that etosis is a widely spread effector mechanism in vertebrates and invertebrates being utilized to entrap and kill bacteria , fungi , viruses , and protozoan parasites .  ets are released in response to intact protozoan parasites or to parasite - specific antigens in a controlled cell death process .  released ets consist of nuclear dna as backbone adorned with histones , antimicrobial peptides , and phagocyte - specific granular enzymes thereby producing a sticky extracellular matrix capable of entrapping and killing pathogens .  this review summarizes recent data on protozoa - induced etosis .  special attention will be given to molecular mechanisms of protozoa - induced etosis and on its consequences for the parasites successful reproduction and life cycle accomplishment . ', '  Professional mononuclear phagocytes, such as polymorphonuclear neutrophils, monocytes, and macrophages, are the first line of defense against invasive pathogens. Activated mononuclear phagocytes form extracellular traps (ETs) to trap and kill microorganisms, including bacteria, fungi, viruses, and protozoan parasites, through a controlled cell death process.', 8)
(' we used results from a national tuberculosis prevalence survey in eritrea to calculate case detection rate ( cdr ) and compared it with the published cdr .  the cdr obtained from the survey was 40% , whereas the cdr published by the world health organization was 3 lower ( 14% ) . ', 'The authors used data from a national tuberculosis prevalence survey in Eritrea to calculate the case detection rate (CDR) and found that it was 40%, which is higher than the CDR of 14% published by the World Health Organization. The discrepancy between the two CDRs suggests that the survey data may be more accurate than the published CDR.', 8)
(' head and neck squamous cell carcinomas are among the most common neoplasms worldwide and characterized by local tumor aggressiveness , high rate of early recurrences , development of metastasis , and second primary cancers . despite modern therapeutic strategies and sophisticated surgical management , overall survival - rates remained largely unchanged over the last decades .  thus , the need for novel treatment options for this tumor entity is undeniable .  a key event in carcinogenesis is the uncontrolled modulation of genetic programs .  nuclear receptors belong to a large superfamily of transcription factors implicated in a broad spectrum of physiological and pathophysiological processes , including cancer .  several nuclear receptors have also been associated with head and neck cancer .  this review will summarize their mode of action , prognostic / therapeutic relevance , as well as preclinical and clinical studies currently targeting nuclear receptors in this tumor entity . ', '  Head and neck squamous cell carcinomas are common and aggressive tumors with high recurrence and metastasis rates, despite modern treatments. Novel treatment options are needed as overall survival rates have not improved in decades.Nuclear receptors, a type of transcription factor, play a key role in carcinogenesis and have been associated with head and neck cancer. This review will summarize their mode of action, prognostic/therapeutic relevance, and current preclinical and clinical studies targeting nuclear receptors in this tumor entity.', 8)
(' to study the mechanism of curcumin - attenuated inflammation and liver  pathology in early stage of alcoholic liver disease , female sprague - dawley rats were  divided into four groups and treated with ethanol or curcumin via an intragastric tube  for 4 weeks . a control group treated with distilled water , and an ethanol group was  treated with ethanol ( 7.5 g / kg bw ) .  treatment groups were fed with ethanol  supplemented with curcumin ( 400 or 1 200 mg / kg bw ) .  the liver histopathology in  ethanol group revealed mild - to - moderate steatosis and mild necroinflammation .  hepatic  mda , hepatocyte apoptosis , and nf-b activation increased significantly in ethanol - treated group when compared with control .  curcumin treatments resulted in improving  of liver pathology , decreasing the elevation of hepatic mda , and inhibition of nf-b  activation .  the 400 mg / kg bw of curcumin treatment revealed only a trend of decreased  hepatocyte apoptosis .  however , the results of sod activity , ppar protein expression  showed no difference among the groups . in conclusion ,  curcumin improved liver  histopathology in early stage of ethanol - induced liver injury by reduction of oxidative  stress and inhibition of nf-b activation . ', '  In this study, female Sprague-Dawley rats were given ethanol or curcumin for 4 weeks to investigate the mechanism of curcumin in attenuating inflammation and liver pathology in early-stage alcoholic liver disease. The results showed that curcumin treatment improved liver histopathology, reduced oxidative stress, and inhibited NF-B activation, but had no significant effect on PPAR protein expression or SOD activity.', 8)
(' objective : to investigate prospective , population - based long - term outcomes concerning seizures and antiepileptic drug ( aed ) treatment after resective epilepsy surgery in sweden.methods : ten- and 5-year follow - ups were performed in 2005 to 2007 for 278/327 patients after resective epilepsy surgery from 1995 to 1997 and 2000 to 2002 , respectively .  all patients had been prospectively followed in the swedish national epilepsy surgery register .  ninety - three patients , who were presurgically evaluated but not operated , served as controls.results:in the long term ( mean 7.6 years ) , 62% of operated adults and 50% of operated children were seizure - free , compared to 14% of nonoperated adults (  p < 0.001 ) and 38% of nonoperated children ( not significant ) .  forty - one percent of operated adults and 44% of operated children had sustained seizure freedom since surgery , compared to none of the controls ( p < 0.0005 ) .  multivariate analysis identified 30 seizures / month at baseline and long epilepsy duration as negative predictors and positive mri to be a positive predictor of long - term seizure - free outcome .  ten years after surgery , 86% of seizure - free children and 43% of seizure - free adults had stopped aeds in the surgery groups compared to none of the controls ( p < 0.0005).conclusions : this population - based , prospective study shows good long - term seizure outcomes after resective epilepsy surgery .  the majority of the patients who are seizure - free after 5 and 10 years have sustained seizure freedom since surgery .  many patients who gain seizure freedom can successfully discontinue aeds , more often children than adults.classification of evidence : this study provides class iii evidence that more patients are seizure - free and have stopped aed treatment in the long term after resective epilepsy surgery than nonoperated epilepsy patients . ', 'A population-based, prospective study investigated the long-term outcomes of seizure freedom and AED treatment after resective epilepsy surgery in Sweden. The study found that 62% of operated adults and 50% of operated children were seizure-free in the long term, compared to 14% of nonoperated adults and 38% of nonoperated children.', 8)
(' objective : this study examined the endodontic experience , perceptions of endodontic practice , and self - rated confidence of dental students enrolled in taibah university , saudi arabia.materials and methods : a questionnaire was distributed to 41 undergraduate dental students registered in endodontic courses in the 2015 academic year .  the questionnaire evaluated their confidence performing nonsurgical root canal treatment .  the level of confidence was classified using a 5-point scale as  very confident ,   confident ,   neutral ,   not very confident ,  or  not at all confident .   the data were analyzed using spss version 20.0 ( spss , chicago , il , usa).results : the participation rate was 93% .  the maxillary incisor was the most common first tooth treated .  the students were relatively confident , but their confidence levels were lower regarding endodontic radiology , evaluation of root canal obturation , and determining the correct recall period for the patient.conclusion:the confidence of undergraduates in endodontics must be enhanced to increase their clinical competence when performing root canal treatment . ', 'This study examined the endodontic experience, perceptions of endodontic practice, and self-rated confidence of dental students at Taibah University in Saudi Arabia. The students were relatively confident in their ability to perform root canal treatment, but had lower confidence levels in certain areas such as endodontic radiology, evaluation of root canal obturation, and determining the correct recall period for the patient.', 8)
(' we report a case of a 36-year - old woman with progressive generalized myoclonus that first became apparent 9 years ago .  her younger brother had similar problems .  examination of her eyes revealed cherry - red spots .  hexosaminidase a , -galactosidase and neuraminidase activity were normal .  although the laboratory findings were negative , cherry - red spots , progressive myoclonus and autosomal recessive inheritance pattern suggested that she had an unknown type of lysosomal storage disease . ', "  A 36-year-old woman experienced progressive generalized myoclonus, which first appeared 9 years ago, along with cherry-red spots on her eyes. Despite normal laboratory findings, the patient's condition suggested an unknown type of lysosomal storage disease due to autosomal recessive inheritance and the presence of cherry-red spots.", 8)
(" background : xpert mtb / rif assay has revolutionized the diagnosis of tuberculosis ( tb ) by simultaneously detecting the bacteria and resistance to rifampicin ( rif ) , a surrogate marker for multidrug - resistant tb ( mdr - tb ) in < 2 h. the rif resistance pattern in malwa region of punjab , india , is not documented . here  , we report the epidemiology of rif - resistant tb and mutations in rpob gene of mycobacterium tuberculosis ( mtb).materials and methods : a total of 1612 specimens received between october 2013 and february 2015 were tested by xpert mtb / rif assay following manufacturer 's instructions .  the results thus obtained were analyzed using spss version 20.0.0 ( spss inc . , chicago , il , usa ) statistical software.result:rif resistance was statistically higher in previously treated patients in comparison to the new patients ( p = 0.006 ) and in patients with acid fast - bacilli ( afb ) positive smears to afb - negative smears ( p = 0.048 ) .  rif resistance mutations in 130 specimens revealed frequency of e 73/130 ( 56% ) , b 28/130 ( 21.5% ) , d 18/130 ( 13.8% ) , a 11/130 ( 8.4% ) , and c 1/130 ( 0.7% ) while in one specimen , mutation combination , i.e. , mutations associated with more than one probe ( a and b both ) was present.conclusion:xpert mtb / rif assay is a user - friendly screening tool for detection of mtb and rif resistance from suspected tb / mdr cases in a shorter period of time . it could also serve as a useful technique to have simultaneous preliminary information regarding the mutation pattern of rif resistance in mtb isolates . ", 'The Xpert MTB/Rif assay has revolutionized the diagnosis of tuberculosis (TB) by simultaneously detecting the bacteria and resistance to rifampicin (Rif) in less than 2 hours. The assay was used to analyze the epidemiology of rif-resistant TB in the Malwa region of Punjab, India, and found that rif resistance was higher in previously treated patients and in patients with acid-fast bacilli (AFB) positive smears compared to new patients and AFB-negative smears.', 8)
(' for the diagnosis of systemic autoimmune rheumatic diseases ( sard ) , patients are screened for anti - nuclear antibodies ( ana ) .  ana , as assessed by indirect immunofluorescence ( iif ) , have a poor specificity .  this hampers interpretation of positive results in clinical settings with low pretest probability of sard .  we hypothesized that the utility of positive ana iif results increases from primary to tertiary care .  we retrospectively determined ana , anti - ena , and anti - dsdna antibody prevalence in patient cohorts from primary ( n = 1453 ) , secondary ( n = 1621 ) , and tertiary ( n = 1168 ) care settings .  results reveal that from primary care to tertiary care , ana prevalence increases ( 6.2 , 10.8 , and 16.0% , resp . ) . moreover , in primary care low titres ( 70% versus 51% and 52% in secondary and tertiary care , resp . )  are more frequent and anti - ena / dsdna reactivities are less prevalent ( 21% versus 39% in secondary care ) .  typically , in tertiary care the prevalence of anti - ena / dsdna reactivities ( 21% ) is lower than expected . from this descriptive study  we conclude that positive ana iif results are more prone to false interpretation in clinical settings with low pretest probabilities for sard , as in primary care . whether alternative approaches ,  that is , immunoadsorption of anti - dfs70 antibodies or implementation of anti - ena screen assays , perform better , needs to be determined . ', 'Patients with systemic autoimmune rheumatic diseases (SARDs) are screened for anti-nuclear antibodies (ANA) using indirect immunofluorescence (IIF). However, the specificity of ANA testing is poor, which can lead to false positives in low-probability clinical settings, such as primary care.', 8)
(' breast cancer remains a major cause of death in women in the developed world . as toll - like receptors ( tlrs )  are widely expressed on tumor cells and play important roles in the initiation and progression of cancer , they may thus serve as important targets and have an effective perspective on breast cancer treatment .  expression of tlrs on breast cancer cells and mononuclear inflammatory cells can promote inflammation and cell survival in the tumor microenvironment .  inflammation and cancer are related .  it is well known that persistent inflammatory conditions can induce cancer formation , due to production of cytokines and chemokines , which play a crucial role in promoting angiogenesis , metastasis , and subversion of adaptive immunity .  tlr signaling in tumor cells can mediate tumor cell immune escape and tumor progression , and it is regarded as one of the mechanisms for chronic inflammation in tumorigenesis and progression .  this paper delineates the expression of various tlrs in promotion of inflammation and development of mammary tumors . understanding the mechanisms through which tlrs on breast cancer cells and inflammatory cells regulate growth , survival , and metastatic progression can make them potential targets for breast cancer therapy . ', '  Breast cancer remains a significant cause of death in developed countries, and Toll-like receptors (TLRs) are widely expressed on tumor cells and play important roles in cancer initiation and progression. TLRs on breast cancer cells and inflammatory cells can promote inflammation and cell survival in the tumor microenvironment, which is related to cancer formation and progression.', 8)
(' a cross - sectional study was conducted from october 2007 to november 2008 to estimate the prevalence of hydatidosis in slaughtered cattle from two abattoirs in mongu , western province , zambia , using prospective and retrospective data .  out of the 4061 cattle examined during postmortem inspection , 84 ( 2.1% ) were positive for hydatidosis .  no cases were detected from kaoma and shangombo districts ; however , prevalence ranged from 0.6% to 2.5% in districts where it was present .  sex was found to be positively associated with hydatidosis ( p = 0.035 ) with female cattle being more likely to have hydatidosis ( or = 1.62 ) . in the retrospective study ( 1994 to 2007 ) , annual prevalence of hydatidosis ranged from 1.56% ( n = 12,641 ) in 2006 to 4.7% ( n = 2633 ) in 2001 with an overall prevalence of 3% ( 4689/158,456 ) .  this value is comparable to that observed in cattle slaughtered between october 2007 and november 2008 ( 2.1% ) .  hydatidosis was observed in the lungs ( 51.2% ) , liver ( 47.6% ) , and kidneys ( 1.2% ) .  the percentage of viable cysts was 43.7% .  this study confirms the presence of hydatidosis in cattle in western province of zambia and estimates economic losses due to organ condemnations .  data presented herein provides a useful baseline for developing policy and intervention measures . ', '  A cross-sectional study was conducted in Zambia to determine the prevalence of hydatidosis in slaughtered cattle. The study found that 2.1% of the 4061 cattle examined were positive for hydatidosis, with a higher prevalence in certain districts. Sex was found to be positively associated with hydatidosis, with female cattle being more likely to have the disease.', 8)
(' septic internal jugular vein - sigmoid sinus thrombosis ( ijv - sst ) associated with a malpositioned central venous catheter is a rare condition .  it is potentially life - threatening and necessitates early diagnosis and rapid administration of appropriate medications .  unfortunately , it is difficult to diagnose due to vague clinical presentations .  several studies such as ct , mri , and cerebral angiography should be performed and carefully examined to help make the diagnosis .  we report a case of septic ijv - sst due to a malpositioned central venous catheter . ', '  A rare condition called septic internal jugular vein-sigmoid sinus thrombosis (ijv-sst) can occur when a central venous catheter is malpositioned, leading to potentially life-threatening complications. Diagnosis can be challenging due to non-specific symptoms, but imaging studies such as CT, MRI, and cerebral angiography can help make the diagnosis.', 8)
(' pik3r1 ( encoding the p85 subunit of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase ) is the 11th most frequently mutated gene across tumors .  we recently reported neomorphic p85 mutants that induce signaling cascades not predicted by the canonical functions of p85 , suggesting the need to functionally annotate specific mutations in cancer genes for effective genome - informed personalized therapy . ', 'The pik3r1 gene, which encodes the p85 subunit of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase, is the 11th most frequently mutated gene across tumors. Recent research has shown that some mutations in the p85 subunit can lead to unexpected signaling cascades, highlighting the need to functionally annotate specific mutations in cancer genes for effective genome-informed personalized therapy.', 8)
(" aim : a study was performed on the articular disk and periarticular tissues of the temporo - mandibular joint ( tmj ) with immunohistochemical techniques to give evidence to the presence of neuroreceptors ( nrec ) in these sites . methods : the study was carried out on tissue samples obtained from 10 subjects without tmj disease and from 7 patients with severe tmj arthritis and arthrosis .  we use antibodies directed against following antigens : gliofibrillary acidic protein ( gfap ) , leu-7 , myelin basic protein ( mbp ) , neurofilaments 68 kd ( nf ) , neuron specific enolase ( nse ) , s-100 protein ( s-100 ) and synaptophysin ( syn ) .  results : this study revealed that ruffini's - like , pacini's - like and golgi's - like receptors can be demonstrated in tmj periarticular tissues and that free nervous endings are present in the subsynovial tissues but not within the articular disk .  we observed elongated cytoplamic processes of chondrocytes that demonstrated strong s-100 immunoreactivity but they were unreactive with all other antibodies .  these cytoplamic processes were more abundant and thicker in the samples obtained from patients with disease tmj .  conclusion : the results of this study confirm that different nrec are detectable in tmj periarticular tissues but they are absent within the articular disk . in the latter site , only condrocytic processes are evident , especially in diseased tmj , and they might have been confused with nervous endings in previous morphological studies .  nevertheless the absence of immunoreactivity for nf , nse and syn proves that they are not of neural origin . ", 'This study used immunohistochemical techniques to investigate the presence of neuroreceptors (NRec) in the temporomandibular joint (TMJ) and surrounding tissues. The study found that NRec are present in TMJ periarticular tissues but absent within the articular disk, and that elongated cytoplamic processes of chondrocytes in diseased TMJ samples were more abundant and thicker than in non-diseased samples.', 8)
(' background : neurolinguistic programming ( nlp ) refers to the science and art of reaching success and perfection .  it is a collection of the skills based on human beings psychological characteristics through which the individuals obtain the ability to use their personal capabilities as much as possible .  this study aimed to investigate the efficacy of nlp training on mental health in nursing and midwifery students in islamic azad university tehran medical sciences branch.materials and methods : in this quasi - experimental study , the study population comprised all nursing and midwifery students in islamic azad university , tehran medical branch , of whom 52 were selected and assigned to two groups through random sampling .  data collection tool was goldberg general health questionnaire ( 28-item version ) .  after primary evaluation , nlp training was given in five 120-min sessions and the groups were re - evaluated .  the obtained data were analyzed.results:in the nursing group , paired t - test showed a significant difference in the scores of mental health ( with 39 points decrease ) , physical signs ( with 7.96 scores decrease ) , anxiety ( with 10.75 scores decrease ) , social function ( with 7.05 scores decrease ) and depression ( with 9.38 scores decrease ) . in the midwifery group , it showed a significant difference in mental health ( with 22.63 scores decrease ) , physical signs ( with 6.54 scores decrease ) , anxiety ( with nine scores decrease ) , and depression ( with 8.38 scores decrease).conclusions : this study showed that nlp strategies are effective in the improvement of general health and its various dimensions .  therefore , it is essential to conduct structured and executive programs concerning nlp among the students . ', 'A study investigated the effectiveness of neurolinguistic programming (NLP) training on mental health in nursing and midwifery students at Islamic Azad University in Tehran. The study found that NLP training significantly improved mental health, physical signs, anxiety, social function, and depression scores in both the nursing and midwifery groups.', 8)
(' background : polycystic ovary syndrome ( pcos ) is the most common endocrine disorder in reproductive women .  nearly 10% of young women in this period involved .  although factors such as insulin resistance , hyper insulinemia , obesity and dietary are suggested to be associated with pcos , cause of pcos is not completely understood .  dairy products ( a key component of the usual diet ) of participants can also affect the factors of this disease and may have beneficial effects on treatment of pcos . however ,  research in this area is scarce . the purpose of this study was to evaluate the relationship between dairy products consumption and pcos.methods:this descriptive cross - sectional study of 400 women  was conducted in shahid beheshti hospital of isfahan university of medical science , iran .  dietary intake was evaluated by validated food frequency questionnaire .  other variables such as ovarian disease , inherited predisposition , age at menarche , physical activity and history of other diseases were evaluated using questionnaire .  data analysis was performed by a logistic regression test using spss software version 15 predictive analytics software and solutions.results:there were a significant association between pcos and ovarian disease ( p < 0.001 ) , age ( p < 0.001 ) and using medication ( p = 0.001 ) .  body mass index ( bmi ) was inversely associated with pcos , but it was not significant ( p = 0.068 ) .  there was a significant direct relationship between milk consumption and risk of pcos after adjusting for confounding factors ( p = 0.028).conclusions : the findings of this study indicated that ovarian disease and medication use is directly linked to pcos .  dairy consumption was not significantly correlated with pcos . however , after adjustment for confounders , there was an direct relationship between milk consumption and risk of pcos . ', 'A cross-sectional study of 400 women in Iran found that ovarian disease and medication use were directly associated with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), while dairy consumption was not significantly correlated with the disease. However, after adjusting for confounding factors, there was a direct relationship between milk consumption and the risk of PCOS.', 8)
(" background and objectivesmilrinone is often used in children to treat acute heart failure and prevent low cardiac output syndrome after cardiac surgery . due to the lack of studies on the long - term milrinone use in children , the objective of this study was to assess the safety and efficacy of the current patterns of milrinone use for 3 days in infants and children with heart diseases.subjects and methodswe retrospectively reviewed the medical records of patients aged < 13 years who received milrinone for  3 days from january 2005 to december 2012 .  patients ' characteristics including age , sex , height , weight , and body surface area were recorded .  the following parameters were analyzed to identify the clinical application of milrinone : initial infusion rate , maintenance continuous infusion rate , total duration of milrinone therapy , and concomitantly infused inotropes .  the safety of milrinone was determined based on the occurrence of adverse events such as hypotension , arrhythmia , chest pain , headache , hypokalemia , and thrombocytopenia.resultswe assessed 730 admissions ( 684 patients ) during this period .  ventricular septal defects were the most common diagnosis ( 42.4% ) in these patients .  milrinone was primarily used after cardiac surgery in 715 admissions ( 97.9% ) .  the duration of milrinone treatment varied from 3 to 64.4 days ( 7 days in 149 admissions ) . ejection fraction and fractional shortening of the left  ventricle improved in patients receiving milrinone after cardiac surgery .  dose reduction of milrinone due to hypotension occurred in only 4 admissions ( 0.5% ) .  although diverse arrhythmias occurred in 75 admissions ( 10.3% ) , modification of milrinone infusion to manage arrhythmia occurred in only 3 admissions ( 0.4% ) .  multivariate analysis indicated that the development of arrhythmia was not influenced by the pattern of milrinone use.conclusionmilrinone was generally administered for 3 days in children with heart diseases .  the use of milrinone for 3 days was effective in preventing low cardiac output after cardiac surgery when combined with other inotropes , suggesting that milrinone could be safely employed in pediatric patients with heart diseases . ", 'Milrinone is commonly used in children to treat acute heart failure and prevent low cardiac output syndrome after cardiac surgery. In this study, the safety and efficacy of current patterns of milrinone use for 3 days in infants and children with heart diseases were assessed, and the results showed that milrinone was effective in preventing low cardiac output after cardiac surgery when combined with other inotropes, and its use for 3 days was generally safe in pediatric patients with heart diseases.', 8)
(' in - depth , reproducible coverage of complex proteomes is challenging because the complexity of tryptic digests subjected to lc - ms / ms analysis frequently exceeds mass spectrometer analytical capacity , which results in undersampling of data . in this study  , we used cancer cell lysates to systematically compare the commonly used gelc - ms / ms ( 1-d protein + 1-d peptide separation ) method using four repetitive injections ( 2-d / repetitive ) with a 3-d method that included solution isoelectric focusing and involved an equal number of lc - ms / ms runs .  the 3-d method detected substantially more unique peptides and proteins , including higher numbers of unique peptides from low - abundance proteins , demonstrating that additional fractionation at the protein level is more effective than repetitive analyses at overcoming lc - ms / ms undersampling .  importantly , more than 90% of the 2-d / repetitive protein identifications were found in the 3-d method data in a direct protein level comparison , and the reproducibility between data sets increased to greater than 96% when factors such as database redundancy and use of rigid scoring thresholds were considered .  hence , high reproducibility of complex proteomes , such as human cancer cell lysates , readily can be achieved when using multidimensional separation methods with good depth of analysis . ', 'A common challenge in analyzing complex proteomes using mass spectrometry is that the number of tryptic digests generated exceeds the analytical capacity of the mass spectrometer, leading to undersampling of data. To overcome this challenge, the authors compared a 1D protein + 1D peptide separation method (gelc-MS/MS) with a 3D method that included solution isoelectric focusing and an equal number of LC-MS/MS runs, and found that the 3D method detected more unique peptides and proteins, including those from low-abundance proteins.', 8)
(' the fields of pharmacogenetics and pharmacogenomics have become increasingly promising regarding the clinical application of genetic data to aid in prevention of adverse reactions .  specific screening tests can predict which animals express modified proteins or genetic sequences responsible for adverse effects associated with a drug . among the genetic variations that have been investigated in dogs , the multidrug resistance gene ( mdr )  is the best studied .  however , other genes such as cyp1a2 and cyp2b11 control the protein syntheses involved in the metabolism of many drugs . in the present study ,  the mdr-1 , cyp1a2 and cyp2b11 genes were examined to identify snp polymorphisms associated with these genes in the following four canine breeds : uruguayan cimarron , border collie , labrador retriever and german shepherd .  the results revealed that several snps of the cyp1a2 and cyp2b11 genes are potential targets for drug sensitivity investigations . ', 'The fields of pharmacogenetics and pharmacogenomics are becoming increasingly promising in predicting adverse reactions to drugs using genetic data. In a study of four canine breeds, researchers identified potential targets for drug sensitivity investigations in the multidrug resistance gene (mdr), cytochrome P450 1A2 (cyp1a2), and cytochrome P450 2B11 (cyp2b11) genes.', 8)
(' background : emergency department ( ed ) of tertiary health care institute in india is mostly overcrowded , over utilized and inappropriately staffed .  the challenges of overcrowded eds and ill - managed patient flow and admission processes result in excessively long waits for patients.aim:the objective of the present study was to analyze the patient flow system by assessing the arrival and waiting time distribution of patients in an emergency out patient department ( eopd).materials and methods : this short cross - sectional descriptive study was conducted in the eopd of a tertiary level health care institution in north india in the month of may , 2011 .  the data was obtained from 591 patients , who were present in the eopd during the month of may , 2011 .  the waiting time , inter arrival time between two consecutive patients were calculated in addition to the daily census data ( discharge rate , admission rate and transfer out rates etc . ) of the emergency.results:arrival time pattern of patients in the eopd was highly stochastic with the peak arrival hours to be 9.00 - 12.00 h in which around 26.3% patients arrived in the eopd .  the primary waiting areas of patients included patients under observation ( 29.6% ) ; waiting for routine diagnostic tests ( 16.4% ) and waiting for discharge ( 14.6% ) .  around 71% patients were waiting due to reasons within emergency complex.conclusion:the patient flow of the ed could only be addressed by multifaceted , multidisciplinary and hospital wide approach . ', 'The emergency department (ED) of a tertiary healthcare institute in India is overcrowded, overutilized, and inappropriately staffed, leading to excessively long waits for patients. A study analyzed the patient flow system in the ED by assessing arrival and waiting time distribution, finding that the majority of patients (71%) were waiting due to reasons within the emergency complex, and recommending a multifaceted, multidisciplinary, and hospital-wide approach to address the challenges.', 8)
(' primary intracystic squamous cell carcinoma ( scc ) of the breast is an extremely rare entity and has a low incidence in comparison with other breast cancers .  we report a rare case of primary intracystic scc in a 45-year - old woman who presented with a cystic lump in the right breast .  cytological smears of the fluid aspirated from the breast tumor revealed malignant squamous cells dispersed in single and occasional groups along with numerous cyst macrophages , suggesting cystic scc .  histological study of the mastectomy specimen confirmed the diagnosis of primary intracystic scc .  although the presence of abundant foamy macrophages in the background of fine needle aspiration cytology smears of the breast suggest benign breast lesion , when associated with malignant squamous cells , these suggest cystic primary scc or metastatic scc .  the primary scc should not be confused with metaplastic change in other breast carcinomas . ', '  A 45-year-old woman presented with a cystic lump in her right breast, which was found to be primary intracystic squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) through histological analysis of a mastectomy specimen. The diagnosis was made based on cytological smears of the fluid aspirated from the breast tumor, which revealed malignant squamous cells dispersed in cyst macrophages.', 8)
(' the effectiveness among inpatients with depression of a modified cognitive behavior therapy ( cbt ) program was examined .  a group of 300 inpatient admissions with a primary diagnosis of depression attending a private psychiatric clinic were assessed at the beginning and end of a two - week cbt program .  the effectiveness of the treatment was demonstrated by improvements on the beck depression inventory ( bdi ) , the health of the nation outcome scales , locus of control of behaviour scale , and the global assessment of function .  the changes on the bdi for patients with depression were benchmarked against estimates generated from published studies .  the degree of change in a two - week period for inpatients with depression was similar to that observed in efficacy studies of cbt that typically run over a more extended time .  implications for integrating cbt with inpatient services are discussed . ', 'A modified cognitive behavior therapy (CBT) program was evaluated among 300 inpatients with depression at a private psychiatric clinic. The program showed effectiveness in improving depression symptoms, as measured by the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Health of the Nation Outcome Scales, Locus of Control of Behavior Scale, and Global Assessment of Function.', 8)
(' retinal vein occlusion ( rvo ) is an obstruction of the retinal venous system , and macular edema ( me ) is a complication of rvo that can lead to blindness .  the canadian incidence of visual impairment ( vi ) due to me secondary to rvo is unknown .  this observational , retrospective study used records from the southwestern ontario database to observe the annual incidence , demographics , and comorbidity characteristics of patients with vi due to me secondary to rvo . from 47,166 patients , 73 with rvo ( > 40 years old )  were identified : 53 with branch retinal vein occlusion ( brvo ) , 20 with central retinal vein occlusion ( crvo ) .  the annual incidence of vi ( visual acuity < 20/40 in snellen equivalent ) due to me secondary to brvo was ( mean ( 95%ci ) ) 0.056% ( 0.0110.072 ) , and to crvo was 0.021% ( 0.0080.081 ) .  furthermore , a greater proportion of rvo patients had hypertension ( 68% versus 14% ) or dyslipidemia ( 16% versus 10% ) , when compared to a healthy control cohort of 76,077 subjects ( p < 0.05 ) .  this study presents a description of the characteristics of patients with vi due to me secondary to rvo in a real - world canadian setting .  the results demonstrate that brvo was more frequent than crvo , and that rvo in this patient population was associated with several vascular comorbidities . ', 'Retinal vein occlusion (RVO) is an obstruction of the retinal venous system that can lead to macular edema (ME) and blindness. This observational study analyzed the incidence, demographics, and comorbidities of patients with visual impairment (VI) due to ME secondary to RVO in a real-world Canadian setting, finding that branch retinal vein occlusion (BRVO) was more common than central retinal vein occlusion (CRVO) and that RVO patients were more likely to have vascular comorbidities such as hypertension and dyslipidemia compared to a healthy control cohort.', 8)
(' diabetes management during ramadan fasting is challenging to the physician in terms of minimizing the risk of hypoglycemia .  as compared to oral hypoglycemic agents ( ohas ) and sulfonylureas ( sus ) , which carry a higher and significant risk of hypoglycemia , newer antidiabetic agents such as dipeptidyl peptidase-4 ( dpp-4 ) inhibitors have demonstrated lower risk of hypoglycemia during ramadan fasting , with better patient compliance .  in addition to diabetes education and pre - ramadan assessments , the physician should also consider use of dpp-4 inhibitors ( such as vildagliptin ) during ramadan fasting to minimize the risk of hypoglycemia in type 2 diabetic subjects .  severe episodes of hypoglycemia have been demonstrated in recent research and clinical trials with ohas / sus .  conversely , these research observations have also demonstrated comparative safety and efficacy with lower risk of hypoglycemia associated with vildagliptin .  current research review has collected evidence - based clinical trials and observations for the drug vildagliptin to minimize the risk of hypoglycemia during ramadan fasting , while at the same time focusing the role of diabetes self - management education ( dsme ) , pre - ramadan assessments , and patient care . ', 'Managing diabetes during Ramadan fasting can be challenging for physicians due to the risk of hypoglycemia. Newer antidiabetic agents such as DPP-4 inhibitors (e.g. vildagliptin) have been shown to have a lower risk of hypoglycemia during Ramadan fasting compared to older agents like OHAs and SULS, and may be a better option for patients.', 8)
(' objectivewe evaluated pseudoprogression ( pspd ) following radiation therapy combined with concurrent temozolomide ( tmz ) , and we assessed pseudoresponse following anti - angiogenic therapy for patients with recurrent disease using the response assessment of the neuro - oncology working group.methodspatients who were pathologically confirmed as having high - grade glioma received radiotherapy with concurrent tmz followed by adjuvant tmz .  bevacizumab ( avastin ) with cpt-11 were used as a salvage option for cases of radiologic progression . magnetic resonance imaging ( mri )  was routinely performed 1 month after concurrent radiochemotherapy ( crt ) and every 3 months thereafter . for cases treated with the bevacizumab - containing regimen for progressive disease  , mri was performed every 2 months.resultsof 55 patients , 21 ( 38% ) showed radiologic progression within 4 weeks after crt . of these patients ,  16 ( 29% ) showed progression at second post - crt mri ( etpd ) and five ( 9% ) showed improvement ( pspd ) .  seven of thirty - four initially non - progressed patients showed progression at the second post - crt mri ( ltpd ) .  no difference in survival was observed between the etpd and ltpd groups ( p=0.595 ) .  five ( 50% ) of ten patients showed a radiological response after salvage bevacizumab therapy .  four of those patients exhibited rapid progression immediately after discontinuation of the drug ( drug holiday).conclusiontwelve weeks following treatment could be the optimal timing to determine pspd or true progression .  mri with gadolinium enhancement alone is not sufficient to characterize tumor response or growth .  clinical correlation with adequate follow - up duration and histopathologic validation may be helpful in discriminating pspd from true progression . ', 'In this study, researchers evaluated the effectiveness of radiation therapy combined with temozolomide (TMZ) in treating high-grade glioma and assessed the response to treatment using magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Of the 55 patients included in the study, 21 showed radiologic progression within 4 weeks of treatment, and 7 of the initially non-progressed patients showed progression at the second post-treatment MRI.', 8)
(' case summarythis case describes a young non - pregnant cat that presented with uterine prolapse in association with an unusual diffuse , polypoid , fibrosing perimetritis and parametritis .  following ovariohysterectomy the cat recovered fully .  no intra - abdominal complications were seen on ultrasound examination 3 months postsurgery . at the time of writing ,  the cat remains healthy.relevance and novel informationuterine prolapse in the cat is relatively rare and usually associated with the periparturient period .  inflammatory polypoid perimetritis and parametritis have not previously been documented in cats , and in dogs have only been reported in association with the administration of oestrogenic compounds .  the polypoid inflammation affecting the uterus and parametrium may have contributed to increased laxity of the uterine ligaments and predisposed to the development of uterine prolapse . ', '  A young non-pregnant cat presented with uterine prolapse, which is rare in cats, especially outside of the periparturient period. The cat underwent ovariohysterectomy and fully recovered, with no intra-abdominal complications seen on ultrasound examination 3 months later.', 8)
(' in this study , the effects of high phosphorus ( p ) diet on bone metabolism - related gene expression were investigated in young and aged mice .  twelve- and 80-week - old ddy male mice were divided into two groups , respectively , and fed a control diet containing 0.3% p or a high p diet containing 1.2% p. after 4 weeks of treatment , serum parathyroid hormone ( pth ) concentration was significantly higher in the high p groups than in the control groups in both young and aged mice and was significantly higher in aged mice than in young mice fed the high p diet .  high p diet significantly increased receptor activator of nf-b ligand ( rankl ) mrna in the femur of both young and aged mice and significantly increased the rankl / osteoprotegerin ( opg ) mrna ratio only in aged mice .  high p diet significantly increased mrna expression of transient receptor potential vanilloid type 6 , calbindin - d9k , and plasma membrane ca2 + -atpase 1b in the duodenum of both young and aged mice .  these results suggest that high p diet increased rankl mrna expression in the femur and calcium absorption - related gene expression in the duodenum regardless of age .  furthermore , the high p diet - induced increase in pth secretion might increase the rankl / opg mrna ratio in aged mice . ', '  In a study, the effects of a high phosphorus (P) diet on bone metabolism-related gene expression were investigated in young and aged mice. The study found that a high P diet significantly increased the expression of the gene for receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANKL) in the femur of both young and aged mice, and significantly increased the RANKL/osteoprotegerin (OPG) mRNA ratio only in aged mice.', 8)
(' [ purpose ] the purpose of this study was to investigate the differences in symmetry of  sitting posture between typical developmental ( td ) children and hemi - cerebral palsy ( cp )  children .  [ subjects and methods ] a school chair mounted on a force platform was used to  assess the quiet - sitting pressure distribution of 10 td and 10 cp children .  [ results ] the  symmetry index of the td children was significantly closer to zero than that of the cp  children irrespective of the latter group s hemiparetic side . [ conclusions ] sitting  posture on school chairs of cp children was more asymmetrical than that of td  children . ', '  This study compared the symmetry of sitting posture between typically developing (TD) children and children with hemi-cerebral palsy (CP). The study found that the sitting posture of CP children was more asymmetrical than that of TD children, regardless of the hemiparetic side.', 8)
(' management of stone disease in an ectopic kidney is challenging .  laparoscopy or ultrasound guided percutaneous nephrolithotomy and retrograde intra - renal surgery are the preferred techniques for these stones .  we performed ultrasound guided microperc using a 16 g needle for the management of renal calculi in pelvic ectopic kidneys in two patients .  there was no intraoperative or post - operative complication .  both patients had complete stone clearance and were discharged on the first post - operative day .  ultrasound guided microperc is a safe and effective option for the management of small renal calculi in pelvic ectopic kidneys . ', '  Management of stone disease in an ectopic kidney is challenging, but laparoscopy or ultrasound-guided percutaneous nephrolithotomy are preferred techniques. In two patients with pelvic ectopic kidneys, ultrasound-guided microperc using a 16-g needle was used to safely and effectively treat small renal calculi with no intraoperative or postoperative complications.', 8)
(" objectivethe aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of simulated periodontal ligament  ( spdl ) on custom cast dowel and core removal by ultrasonic vibration.material and methodsthirty - two human maxillary canines were included in resin cylinders with or  without spdl made from polyether impression material . in order to allow tensile  testing ,  the roots included in resin cylinders with spdl were fixed to cylinders  with two stainless steel wires .  post - holes were prepared by standardizing the  length at 8 mm and root canal impressions were made with self - cured resin acrylic .   cast dowel and core sets were fabricated and luted with panavia f resin cement .   half of the samples were submitted to ultrasonic vibration before the tensile  test .  data were analyzed statistically by two - way anova and tukey 's post - hoc tests  ( p<0.05).resultsthe ultrasonic vibration reduced the tensile strength of the samples directly  included in resin cylinders .  there was no difference between the values , whether  or not ultrasonic vibration was used , when the pdl was simulated .  however , the  presence of spdl affected the tensile strength values even when no ultrasonic  vibration was applied.conclusionsimulation of pdl has an effect on both ultrasonic vibration and tensile  testing . ", 'The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of simulated periodontal ligament (SPDL) on custom cast dowel and core removal by ultrasonic vibration. The study found that ultrasonic vibration reduced the tensile strength of samples directly included in resin cylinders, but the presence of SPDL affected the tensile strength values even when no ultrasonic vibration was applied.', 8)
(' human metapneumovirus ( hmpv ) is a recently discovered virus that causes respiratory illness in children that can lead to hospitalization .  our study was undertaken to further understand hmpv - associated illness , compare clinical characteristics of hmpv and respiratory syncytial virus ( rsv ) , and establish the utility of routine screening for hmpv .  we retrospectively identified hmpv - associated illnesses described among children with respiratory symptoms admitted to a tertiary care center in southeast michigan during the 20062007 respiratory viral season .  a convenience sample of 256 nasopharyngeal specimens was subjected to nucleic acid extraction and amplification to identify those specimens positive for hmpv .  a medical record review was undertaken to retrieve demographic and clinical data of patients with hmpv , comparing them to rsv - positive patients and patients evaluated for respiratory symptoms who were negative for hmpv and rsv .  we found that hmpv was the second most commonly identified virus after rsv .  hmpv - positive patients were older than rsv - positive patients . among hmpv - positive patients ,  pneumonia was diagnosed in 37.5% and bronchiolitis in 31.2% , peribronchial cuffing was present on chest radiographs of 37.5% , antibiotic treatment was used in 81.2% , and admission to the icu was seen in 37.5% . finally , hmpv - positive patients were more likely to have fever than rsv - positive patients or patients negative for hmpv and rsv .  we concluded that hmpv is a major pathogen associated with hospitalization of children and with the same severity of illness as rsv but in a slightly older population .  because of the apparent prevalence and severity of illness , routine screening should be implemented . ', 'Human metapneumovirus (HMPV) is a recently discovered virus that causes respiratory illness in children, leading to hospitalization in some cases. A study found that HMPV was the second most common virus identified after respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), and that HMPV-positive patients were older and more likely to have pneumonia and other severe symptoms than RSV-positive patients.', 8)
(' noncode ( http://www.bioinfo.org/noncode/ ) is an interactive database that aims to present the most complete collection and annotation of non - coding rnas , especially long non - coding rnas ( lncrnas ) .  the recently reduced cost of rna sequencing has produced an explosion of newly identified data .  revolutionary third - generation sequencing methods have also contributed to more accurate annotations .  accumulative experimental data also provides more comprehensive knowledge of lncrna functions . in this update  , noncode has added six new species , bringing the total to 16 species altogether .  the lncrnas in noncode have increased from 210 831 to 527,336 . for human and mouse ,  the lncrna numbers are 167,150 and 130,558 , respectively .  noncode 2016 has also introduced three important new features : ( i ) conservation annotation ; ( ii ) the relationships between lncrnas and diseases ; and ( iii ) an interface to choose high - quality datasets through predicted scores , literature support and long - read sequencing method support .  noncode is also accessible through http://www.noncode.org/. ', '  Noncode is an interactive database that aims to provide a comprehensive collection and annotation of non-coding RNAs, particularly long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs). The database has been updated with six new species, bringing the total to 16, and has added over 300,000 new lncrnas, with the largest increases for human and mouse.', 8)
(' this case report describes the combined surgical , orthodontic and prosthodontic rehabilitation of an adult female patient with a previous history of follicular ameloblastoma , which was treated through partial mandibulectomy and an immediate replacement of missing bone with an autologous calvarial bone graft .  orthodontic treatment was undertaken in order to restore occlusal disturbances and obtain sufficient space for two dental implants and an optimum prosthodontic rehabilitation . ', 'A 35-year-old woman underwent combined surgical, orthodontic, and prosthodontic rehabilitation after a previous history of follicular ameloblastoma treatment through partial mandibulectomy and bone grafting. The rehabilitation included orthodontic treatment to restore occlusal disturbances and create space for dental implants, followed by prosthodontic rehabilitation to achieve an optimal restoration.', 8)
(' background and purposealterations in blood fatty acid ( fa ) composition are associated with cardiovascular diseases .  we investigated whether plasma fa composition was related to stroke severity and functional outcome in acute ischemic stroke patients.methodswe prospectively enrolled 156 patients with first - episode cerebral infarction , within 7 days of symptom onset .  the proportion of fas was analyzed using gas chromatography , and the summation of the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids ( 3-pufa ) , 18:3 3 -linolenic acid , 20:3 3 eicosatrienoic acid , 20:5 3 eicosapentaenoic acid ( epa ) , and 22:6 3 docosahexaenoic acid ( dha ) was reported as 3-pufas .  stroke severity was assessed using the national institutes of health stroke scale ( nihss ) score on admission .  poor functional outcome was defined by modified rankin scale ( mrs ) 3 at three months after the index stroke.resultslower proportions of epa ( =-0.751 ) , dha ( =-0.610 ) , and 3-pufas ( =-0.462 ) were independently associated with higher nihss score , after adjusting for stroke subtype , hemoglobin , high density lipoprotein , high sensitivity c - reactive protein , fasting glucose , 16:0 palmitic acid , and saturated fatty acids . moreover  , a lower proportion of dha ( odds ratio [ or ] : 0.20 , 95% confidence interval [ ci ] : 0.04 - 0.88 ) , and 3-pufas ( or : 0.22 , 95% ci : 0.05 - 0.84 ) showed an independent relationship with poor functional outcome after adjusting for age , sex , smoking status , nihss score , stroke subtype , and 16:0 palmitic acid.conclusionsour results demonstrate that 3-pufas correlated with stroke severity on admission and functional outcomes at 3 months .  3-pufas are potential blood biomarkers for prognosis of acute non - cardiogenic ischemic stroke patients . ', 'Lower levels of certain types of omega-3 fatty acids in the blood (3-pufas) were associated with higher stroke severity and poorer functional outcomes in acute ischemic stroke patients. Specifically, lower levels of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) were independently associated with higher stroke severity and poorer functional outcomes, while lower levels of arachidonic acid were associated with poorer functional outcomes.', 8)
(' background : this study sought to assess symphyseal morphology in adolescents with different mandibular growth patterns ( mgps ) in order to see if a relation exists.materials and methods : in this study the symphyseal parameters ( height , depth , and ratio ) of normal subjects were compared with four groups with malocclusion ( cl iii vertical , cl ii vertical , cl iii horizontal , and cl ii horizontal ) .  these groups ( 15 samples each ) were matched ( for sex and cervical maturation stage [ cvms ] ) based on their cephalograms and patient charts .  growth patterns were differentiated by seven vertical parameters and the wylie analysis .  after confirmation of normality of the groups and similarity of their variances the two - way analysis of variance ( anova ) was used for analysis of data assessed by adjusted chi - square ( p < 0.001 ) .  the comparison of cases with the normal group was performed by the dunnett method .  intraclass correlation coefficient ( icc ) was used for evaluation of intraobserver reliability.results:we found the symphyseal ratio to have a significant correlation with the mgp ( p < 0.001 ) . the symphyseal ratio ( height / depth ) was small in a mandible with vertical growth pattern cl ii or cl iii .  conversely , a horizontal growth pattern of a cl ii or cl iii mandible was associated with a larger ratio of the symphysis in comparison with the normal group .  the symphyseal ratio was also found to be greater in females.conclusion:the symphyseal ratio was found to be strongly associated with the mgp . ', '  In this study, the relationship between mandibular growth patterns (MGPs) and symphyseal morphology was investigated in adolescents. The study found that the symphyseal ratio (height/depth) was significantly associated with MGP, with smaller ratios found in vertical growth patterns and larger ratios in horizontal growth patterns.', 8)
(' introductionestablished in 2003 , erste foundation has a history stretching back 190 years to the year 1819 when it was founded as the erste sterreichische spar casse in vienna .  rooted in our history as a social enterprise and financial service provider , erste foundation recognises that contemporary society faces huge challenges and that for a new and united europe to work , integration is crucial  and that means uniting the economic , cultural and social capital of our region.descriptionwe develop ideas and concepts to increase social participation and to ensure that no - one is left out , whatever their circumstances  which in turn creates stable , effective and fairer societies.european integration is important to us .  we want to work against prejudice and nationalism , to integrate thinking and living across borders , and make these experiences accessible , particularly to the young generation.projectswe intend to play an active role in giving people opportunities to increase their understanding of each other . therefore , erste foundation has supported research projects that concern themselves with the effects of societal transformation processes : in particular we have been looking at the effects that demographic changes will have on the long - term care needs of elderly people in central and eastern europe . from this  , we intend to develop policy recommendations for decision makers in civil society , economy and politics . ', '  First established in 2003, the First Foundation has a long history dating back to 1819 as a social enterprise and financial service provider. The foundation aims to increase social participation and ensure no one is left out, particularly through projects that address the effects of societal transformation processes, such as demographic changes on long-term care needs in Central and Eastern Europe.', 8)
(' background : nursing education is both formal and informal .  formal education represents only a small part of all the learning involved ; and many students learn more effectively through informal processes .  there is little information about nursing student informal education and how it affects their character and practice.materials and methods : this qualitative study explores undergraduate nursing student perceptions of informal learning during nursing studies .  data were gathered through semi - structured interviews with a sample of undergraduate nursing students ( n = 14 ) .  strauss and corbin s constant comparison analysis approach was used for data analysis.results:the categories that emerged included personal maturity and emotional development , social development , closeness to god , alterations in value systems , and ethical and professional commitment.conclusion:findings reveal that nursing education could take advantage of informal learning opportunities to develop students nontechnical skills and produce more competent students .  implications for nursing education are discussed . ', "Nursing education involves both formal and informal learning, with informal learning representing a significant portion of the overall learning experience. A qualitative study explored undergraduate nursing students' perceptions of informal learning during their studies, revealing categories such as personal maturity, social development, and ethical commitment.", 8)
(' this study determined the molecular mechanisms of tocotrienol - rich fraction ( trf ) in preventing cellular senescence of human diploid fibroblasts ( hdfs ) .  primary culture of hdfs at various passages were incubated with 0.5  mg / ml trf for 24 h. telomere shortening with decreased telomerase activity was observed in senescent hdfs while the levels of damaged dna and number of cells in g0/g1 phase were increased and s phase cells were decreased .  incubation with trf reversed the morphology of senescent hdfs to resemble that of young cells with decreased activity of sa--gal , damaged dna , and cells in g0/g1 phase while cells in the s phase were increased .  elongated telomere length and restoration of telomerase activity were observed in trf - treated senescent hdfs .  these findings confirmed the ability of tocotrienol - rich fraction in preventing hdfs cellular ageing by restoring telomere length and telomerase activity , reducing damaged dna , and reversing cell cycle arrest associated with senescence . ', '  This study investigated the molecular mechanisms of a tocotrienol-rich fraction (TRF) in preventing cellular senescence of human diploid fibroblasts (HDFS). The study found that TRF reversed the morphology of senescent HDFS cells to resemble that of young cells, with restored telomere length and telomerase activity, reduced damaged DNA, and increased cells in the S phase.', 8)
(' summarylow - complexity  prion - like  domains in key rna - binding proteins ( rbps ) mediate the reversible assembly of rna granules .  individual rbps harboring these domains have been linked to specific neurodegenerative diseases .  although their aggregation in neurodegeneration has been extensively characterized , it remains unknown how the process of aging disturbs rbp dynamics .  we show that a wide variety of rna granule components , including stress granule proteins , become highly insoluble with age in c.  elegans and that reduced insulin / insulin - like growth factor 1 ( igf-1 ) daf-2 receptor signaling efficiently prevents their aggregation .  importantly , stress - granule - related rbp aggregates are associated with reduced fitness .  we show that heat shock transcription factor 1 ( hsf-1 ) is a main regulator of stress - granule - related rbp aggregation in both young and aged animals . during aging , increasing daf-16 activity  restores dynamic stress - granule - related rbps , partly by decreasing the buildup of other misfolded proteins that seed rbp aggregation .  longevity - associated mechanisms found to maintain dynamic rbps during aging could be relevant for neurodegenerative diseases . ', 'RNA-binding proteins (RBPs) in key neurodegenerative diseases are mediated by prion-like domains in RBPs, which assemble into RNA granules. However, the impact of aging on RBP dynamics is not well understood, and this study shows that RNA granule components become highly insoluble with age in C. elegans, and reduced insulin/IGF-1 signaling can prevent their aggregation.', 8)
(' acute generalized exanthematous pustulosis ( agep ) is a rare cutaneous rash characterized by widespread sterile nonfollicular pustules .  cefepime is a fourth generation cephalosporin , used to treat severe infections .  a 67-year - old man was admitted with acute gastroenterocolitis . on the seventh day  , the patient developed a nosocomial pneumonia and cefepime was initiated . on the fourth day of cephalosporin treatment , he presented with a maculopapular , pruritic eruption affecting the face , neck , abdomen and limbs .  one day later he developed disseminated pustular lesions and his temperature was 37c .  laboratory analysis evidenced leukocytosis and skin biopsy showed subcorneal pustule , edema in the papillary dermis , perivascular inflammatory infiltrate consisting of neutrophils , leukocytoclasia and red cell extravasation in the epidermis .  cefepime was suspended and within 4 days the non - follicular pustules cleared following a desquamation .  agep is a disease attributed to a variety of causes , but in 90% of the cases it is due to an adverse drug reaction .  antibiotics are implicated in 80% of these cases , mostly penicillins and macrolides .  there are few cases associated with cephalosporins .  it is very important to consider agep in cases of acute pustular rashes and drugs should be investigated as causative agents . ', '  A 67-year-old man developed a rare cutaneous rash called acute generalized exanthematous pustulosis (AGEP) after being treated with cefepime for nosocomial pneumonia. AGEP is characterized by widespread sterile nonfollicular pustules and is often caused by adverse drug reactions, particularly with antibiotics such as penicillins and macrolides.', 8)
('  purpose . to report a comparative prospective long - term functional analysis after riboflavin uv a corneal cross - linking ( cxl ) in three different age groups of patients affected by progressive keratoconus ( kc ) . methods . functional analysis  comprised paediatric patients ( 18 years ) included 152 eyes ( 29.5% ) ; intermediate group ( 1926 years ) 286 eyes ( 55.4% ) , and adults ( 27 years ) 78 eyes ( 15.1% ) .  cxl was performed according to the siena protocol by using the vega cbm ( caporossi - baiocchi - mazzotta ) x linker ( cso , florence , italy ) at siena university by the same authors .  pre- and post - op examinations included ucva , bscva , corneal topography , and surface aberrometry ( cso eye top , florence , italy ) , at 48 months followup . results .  at 48 months followup paediatrics , intermediate , and adult patients showed a mean gain in ucva of + 0.2 , + 0.14 and + 0.12 snellen lines .  bscva gained by a mean of + 0.21 , + 0.2 , and + 0.1 snellen lines .    kmax was reduced by a mean value of   0.9  d , 0.6  d , and 0.5  d , respectively .  coma values improved by a mean of 0.45  m , 0.91  m , and 0.19  m , respectively .  treatment ensured a long - term keratoconus stabilization in over 90% of treated patients .  conclusion . according to our long - term comparative results  , epithelium - off riboflavin uv a cross - linking should be the first choice therapy of progressive kc , particularly in paediatric age and patients under 26 years . ', 'The study compared the long-term functional outcomes of riboflavin UV-A cross-linking (CXL) in three different age groups of patients with progressive keratoconus (KC): pediatric (18 years), intermediate (19-26 years), and adult (27 years). At 48 months follow-up, all age groups showed significant improvements in visual acuity, keratometric astigmatism, and corneal aberrations, with over 90% of patients achieving long-term stabilization of their keratoconus.', 8)
(' background and purpose : rufinamide ( ruf ) is a novel antiepileptic drug ( aed ) and its efficacy has been proven in lennox - gastaut syndrome ( lgs ) . however , there is a lack of data regarding the efficacy in pediatric intractable epilepsies other than lgs .  the purpose of the study was to explore the efficacy and tolerability of ruf in pediatric patients with intractable epilepsies as well as lgs.methods:this retrospective observation study was conducted in samsung medical center from august 2010 to september 2011 .  thirty seven patients ( 27 males , 10 females , aged between 1.8 and 18.4 years ) , with refractory epilepsies or lgs were treated with ruf as an adjunctive drug .  efficacy was represented by the response rate and retention rate over the study period .  tolerability was measured as the number of patients who showed adverse effects.results:the overall response rate was 21.6% during the 12 months of the study period with 5.4% of seizure - free patients .  the retention rate was 54% and ineffectiveness was the most common reason for discontinuation of ruf .  the most common adverse effects were insomnia and somnolence.conclusions:ruf may be considered to be an efficacious and safe aed for pediatric patients with intractable epilepsies as well as lgs . ', 'The study aimed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the drug rufinamide in pediatric patients with intractable epilepsies, including Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. The study found that rufinamide may be effective in reducing seizures in pediatric patients with intractable epilepsies, with an overall response rate of 21.6% and a retention rate of 54%.', 8)
(' purposeassociation between body mass index ( bmi ) and doses in organs at risk during postoperative vaginal cuff brachytherapy ( vcb ) treatment has not been evaluated .  the aim of this study was to analyse the impact of bmi on the dose delivered to bladder and rectum during high - dose - rate vcb using computed tomography ( ct ) scans at every fraction.materials and methodsa retrospective analysis of 220 planning ct sets derived from 59 patients was conducted .  every planning ct was re - segmented and re - planned under the same parameters .  rectum and bladder dose - volume histogram values ( d0.1cc , d1cc , and d2cc ) were extracted and evaluated .  the mean values for all applications per patient were calculated and correlated with bmi , as well as other factors influencing rectal and bladder doses . multiple regression analysis performed to model organ at risk dose - volume parameters.resultsaccording to world health organization ( who ) , 6.8% of patients were normal , 35.6% were overweight , and 57.6% were class i obese .  median rectal doses were 133.5% , 110.9% , and 99.3% for d0.1cc , d1cc , and d2cc , respectively .  the corresponding median bladder doses were 96.2% , 80.6% , and 73.3% , respectively .  bmi did not show significant association with rectal doses .  however , bmi did show a significant association with evaluated bladder dose metrics ( d0.1cc , r=0.366 , p=0.004 ; d1cc , r=0.454 , p < 0.001 ; d2cc , r=0.451 , p < 0.001 ) .  bmi was retained in the multivariate regression models ( d0.1cc , p=0.004 ; d1cc , p < 0.001 ; d2cc , p=0.001).conclusionin this group of mediterranean , overweight , and moderately obese patients , bmi showed association with lower bladder dose values , but not with rectal doses . ', 'The study analyzed the impact of body mass index (BMI) on the dose delivered to the bladder and rectum during high-dose-rate vaginal cuff brachytherapy (VCB) using computed tomography (CT) scans. BMI was found to be significantly associated with bladder dose metrics, but not with rectal doses, in a group of overweight and obese patients.', 8)
(' objectiveto evaluate the evidence in the peer - reviewed literature regarding the use of tear osmolarity as a physiological marker to diagnose , grade severity , and track therapeutic response in dry eye disease ( ded ) .  in addition , to review the evidence for the role of tear osmolarity in the pathophysiology of ded and ocular surface disease.methodsa literature review of all publications after the year 2000 , which included the keywords  tear osmolarity  , was conducted .  relevant articles were graded according to quality of evidence and research , using the university of michigan practice guideline and the grading of recommendations assessment , development , and evaluation ( grade ) rating systems .  articles were further categorized by the nature of any reported financial support and by the overall impression they provided related to tear osmolarity.resultsa total of 164 articles were identified as relevant to the search criteria , although some were editorials , and some were written in a foreign language . of the total , it was possible to grade 159 , and an overall impression was generated for 163 .  a positive impression of tear osmolarity in ded diagnosis was evident in 72% ( 117/163 ) of all articles , with a neutral impression in a further 21% ( 35/163 ) ; 7% had a negative impression .  the percentage of positive impressions appeared independent of the quality of research ; 73% ( 38/52 ) of articles graded high / moderate quality supported the use of tear film osmolarity measurement in ded diagnosis .  impressions were also independent of the source of financial support , with 72% ( 75/104 ) of independent studies  positive.conclusionthe literature broadly supports the use of tear film osmolarity as an objective numerical measure for diagnosing , grading severity , and managing treatment of ded . ', 'A literature review of recent studies (2000 onwards) found that the majority of articles (72%) had a positive impression of tear osmolarity in diagnosing dry eye disease (DED), while 21% had a neutral impression and 7% had a negative impression. The quality of research and the source of financial support did not significantly affect the overall impression of tear osmolarity in DED diagnosis.', 8)
(' backgroundcurcumin has shown to affect sperm motility and function in vitro and fertility in vivo .  the molecular mechanism(s ) by which curcumin affects sperm motility has not been delineated . since modulation of intracellular ph ( phi ) and  plasma membrane polarization is involved in sperm motility , the present study was conducted to investigate the effect of curcumin on these sperm ( human and murine ) parameters.methodsthe effect of curcumin on sperm forward motility was examined by counting percentages of forward moving sperm .  the effect of curcumin on intracellular ph ( phi ) was measured by the fluorescent ph indicator 2,7-bicarboxyethyl-5,6-carboxyfluorescein - acetoxymethyl ester ( bcecf - am ) .  the effect of curcumin on plasma membrane polarization was examined using the fluorescence sensitive dye bis ( 1,3-dibarbituric acid)-trimethine oxanol [ dibac4(3)].resultscurcumin caused a concentration - dependent ( p<0.05 ) decrease in forward motility of both human and mouse sperm .  it also caused a concentration - dependent decrease in intracellular ph ( phi ) in both human and mouse sperm .  curcumin induced significant ( p<0.05 ) hyperpolarization of the plasma membrane in both human and mouse sperm.conclusionthese findings indicate that curcumin inhibits sperm forward motility by intracellular acidification and hyperpolarization of sperm plasma membrane .  this is the first study to our knowledge which examined the effect of curcumin on sperm phi and membrane polarization that affect sperm forward motility .  these exciting findings will have application in deciphering the signal transduction pathway involved in sperm motility and function and in development of a novel non - steroidal contraceptive for infertility . ', 'Curcumin, a compound found in turmeric, has been shown to decrease sperm motility in both human and mouse sperm, with a concentration-dependent effect. The study found that curcumin causes intracellular acidification and hyperpolarization of the plasma membrane, which inhibits sperm forward motility.', 8)
(' we encountered a case of ruptured splenic abscess presenting as peritonitis and pneumoperitoneum .  our patient did not have an underlying neoplasm nor was she immunosuppressed . in our case ,  splenectomy was the treatment of choice in combination with antibiotics , which proved to be a good outcome for the patient .  work - up for the cause of the abscess was negative , although bacteria predominately found in the oral flora were isolated from the abscess .  we strongly encourage that splenic abscess be considered on the differential diagnosis of patients presenting with pneumoperitoneum and peritonitis , although a clinical rarity . ', '  A patient presented with symptoms of peritonitis and pneumoperitoneum, which were found to be caused by a ruptured splenic abscess. The patient did not have an underlying neoplasm or immunosuppression, and splenectomy was performed in combination with antibiotics, resulting in a good outcome.', 8)
('  purpose . to compare the impact of prognostic factors of patients treated with definitive radio(chemo)therapy versus patients treated with surgery and postoperative radiotherapy for squamous cell carcinoma of the oro- and hypopharynx . patients and methods .  162 patients treated with definitive radiotherapy and 126 patients treated with postoperative radiotherapy were retrospectively analysed .  the impact of the prognostic factors gender , age , total tumor volume ( ttv ) , pre - radiotherapy hemoglobin level ( hb - level ) , tumor site , t- and n - classification , radiotherapy interruptions > 5 days , radiotherapy versus simultaneous radiochemotherapy , r - status and time interval between surgery and radiotherapy were investigated . results .  the median follow - up time for the censored patients treated with definitive radio(chemo)therapy was 28.5 months and for postoperative radiotherapy 36.5 months .  on univariate analysis , the ttv , hb - level , and simultaneous radiochemotherapy had a significant impact on the survival of patients treated with definitive radio(chemo)therapy . for patients treated with postoperative radiotherapy ,  only the ttv showed a statistical trend for the survival ( p = 0.13 ) .  on multivariate analysis , the ttv and simultaneous radiochemotherapy maintained their statistical significance for patients treated with definitive raditherapy , and the ttv , the statistical trend for patients treated with postoperative radiotherapy ( p = 0.19 ) .  conclusions .  the ttv was the predominant prognostic factor for both , patients treated with definitive or postoperative radiotherapy . ', 'The study compared the impact of prognostic factors on survival in patients with squamous cell carcinoma of the oropharynx and hypopharynx treated with definitive radiotherapy versus postoperative radiotherapy. The study found that the tumor volume, pre-radiotherapy hemoglobin level, and simultaneous radiochemotherapy were significant predictors of survival for patients treated with definitive radiotherapy, while only tumor volume showed a statistical trend for survival in patients treated with postoperative radiotherapy.', 8)
(' gender and aging moderate brain - behavior relationships . advances in neuroscience enable integration of neurobehavioral , neuroanatomic , and neurophysiology measures .  here we present neurobehavioral studies thai examine cognitive and emotion processing in healthy men and women and highlight the effects of sex differences and aqinq .  neuroanatomic studies with maqnetic resonance imaging ( mri ) indicate that the progressive decrease in brain volume affects froniotemporal brain regions in men more than in vi / omen , functional imaging methods suggest sex differences in rate of blood flow , pattern of glucose metabolism , and receptor activity .  the role of ovarian hormones is important in elucidating the observed relationships .  a life span perspective on gender differences through the integration of available methodologies will advance understanding healthy people and the effects of brain disorders . ', 'Gender and aging moderate brain-behavior relationships, with advances in neuroscience enabling integration of neurobehavioral, neuroanatomic, and neurophysiology measures. Neurobehavioral studies examine cognitive and emotion processing in healthy men and women, highlighting sex differences and aging effects, while neuroanatomic studies using MRI indicate that the progressive decrease in brain volume affects frontotemporal brain regions more in men than in women.', 8)
(' in respiratory diseases , there is an increased expression of multiple inflammatory proteins in the respiratory tract , including cytokines , chemokines , and adhesion molecules .  chemokines have been shown to regulate inflammation and immune cell differentiation . moreover ,  many of the known inflammatory target proteins , such as matrix metalloproteinase-9 ( mmp-9 ) , intercellular adhesion molecule-1 ( icam-1 ) , vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 ( vcam-1 ) , cyclooxygenase-2 ( cox-2 ) , and cytosolic phospholipase a2 ( cpla2 ) , are associated with airway and lung inflammation in response to various stimuli .  injuriously environmental stimuli can access the lung through either the airways or the pulmonary and systemic circulations .  the time course and intensity of responses by resident and circulating cells may be regulated by various inflammatory signalings , including src family kinases ( sfks ) , protein kinase c ( pkc ) , growth factor tyrosine kinase receptors , nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate ( nadph)/reactive oxygen species ( ros ) , pi3k / akt , mapks , nuclear factor - kappa b ( nf-b ) , activator protein-1 ( ap-1 ) , and other signaling molecules .  these signaling molecules regulate both key inflammatory signaling transduction pathways and target proteins involved in airway and lung inflammation . here  , we discuss the mechanisms involved in the expression of inflammatory target proteins associated with the respiratory diseases .  knowledge of the mechanisms of inflammation regulation could lead to the pharmacological manipulation of anti - inflammatory drugs in the respiratory diseases . ', '  In respiratory diseases, there is an increase in the expression of multiple inflammatory proteins in the respiratory tract, including cytokines, chemokines, and adhesion molecules. These proteins are involved in regulating inflammation and immune cell differentiation, and are associated with airway and lung inflammation in response to various stimuli.', 8)
(' we report a case of multiple gastric carcinomas associated with potter type iii cystic disease of the liver , mesenterium and kidney .  a 65-year - old man with chronic renal failure due to polycystic kidneys and under hemodialysis treatment 3 times a week for 2 years was admitted to our hospital because of anemia .  he stated that his sister had suffered from polycystic kidney disease .  gastrointestinal fiberscopy showed two lesions in the lesser curvature in the lower portion of the stomach , and histopathological analysis of the gastric tumor biopsies revealed that one of the tumors was a papillary adenocarcinoma and the other a poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma .  helicobacter pylori infection was not detected in the stomach mucosa .  abdominal computed tomography scan revealed polycystic lesions in the liver , mesenterium and both kidneys .  these imaging findings and family history suggested that the patient suffered from multiple gastric carcinomas associated with potter type iii cystic disease of the liver , mesenterium and kidney .  reports on the association of malignant neoplasm with potter type iii cystic disease are extremely rare .  especially , no case of the association of gastric carcinoma with potter type iii cystic disease of the liver and kidney has been described previously .  this is a first report of the association of gastric carcinoma with potter type iii cystic disease .  we also review reports of other malignant neoplasms associated with polycystic disease . ', '  A 65-year-old man with chronic renal failure and a history of polycystic kidney disease was admitted to the hospital due to anemia. He had two gastric tumors detected through gastrointestinal fiberscopy, and histopathological analysis revealed that one was a papillary adenocarcinoma and the other was a poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma. The patient did not have Helicobacter pylori infection in the stomach mucosa, and abdominal computed tomography scan revealed polycystic lesions in the liver, mesenterium, and both kidneys, which are rare associations with gastric carcinoma.', 8)
(' mypro is a software pipeline for high - quality prokaryotic genome assembly and annotation .  it was validated on 18 oral streptococcal strains to produce submission - ready , annotated draft genomes .  mypro installed as a virtual machine and supported by updated databases will enable biologists to perform quality prokaryotic genome assembly and annotation with ease . ', 'MyPro is a software pipeline for high-quality prokaryotic genome assembly and annotation, which was validated on 18 oral streptococcal strains to produce submission-ready, annotated draft genomes. MyPro can be installed as a virtual machine and supported by updated databases, making it easier for biologists to perform high-quality prokaryotic genome assembly and annotation with ease.', 8)
(' objectiveto investigate the relationship between fasting glucose levels , insulin resistance , and cognitive impairment in old age .  diabetes is associated with cognitive impairment in older people . however ,  the link between elevated fasting glucose levels and insulin resistance in nondiabetic individuals , and the risk of cognitive impairment is unclear.research design and methodswe analyzed data from , in total , 8,447 participants in two independent prospective studies : the prospective study of pravastatin in the elderly at risk ( prosper ) , 5,019 participants , aged 6984 years , and the rotterdam study , 3,428 participants , aged 6197 years . fasting glucose levels were assessed at baseline in both studies ; fasting insulin levels were assessed in the rotterdam study only .  cognitive function was assessed in both studies at baseline and during follow-up.resultssubjects with diabetes had impaired cognitive function at baseline .  in contrast , in people without a history of diabetes , there was no clear association between baseline fasting glucose levels and executive function and memory , nor was there a consistent relationship between elevated baseline fasting glucose levels and the rate of cognitive decline in either cohort .  insulin resistance ( homeostasis model assessment index ) was also unrelated to cognitive function and decline.conclusionselevated fasting glucose levels and insulin resistance are not associated with worse cognitive function in older people without a history of diabetes .  these data suggest either that there is a threshold for effects of dysglycemia on cognitive function or that factors other than hyperglycemia contribute to cognitive impairment in individuals with frank diabetes . ', 'Researchers investigated the relationship between fasting glucose levels, insulin resistance, and cognitive impairment in older adults. They found that subjects with diabetes had impaired cognitive function at baseline, but there was no clear association between baseline fasting glucose levels and cognitive function or decline in people without a history of diabetes.', 8)
('  purpose . this study aimed to evaluate outcomes from the use of a sodium hyaluronate ( sh)-based comfort drop , instilled before the insertion of contact lenses , in a population of symptomatic contact lens wearers  . methods .  this was a cross - over , open - label , multi - sites study .  subjects were fitted with silicone hydrogel lenses and followed for two months . before insertion of the lenses ,  sh drops was instilled in the lens for half of the group .  the other half did the same on the second month .  objectives and subjective outcomes were measured and compared before from baseline with the ones collected after usage of sh drops . ', 'This study evaluated the effectiveness of a sodium hyaluronate (SH)-based comfort drop in reducing symptoms in contact lens wearers. The study was a cross-over, open-label, multi-site trial where subjects were fitted with silicone hydrogel lenses and followed for two months, with half of the group receiving the SH drops before lens insertion in one month and the other half in the second month.', 8)
(' abstractbacterial volatiles protect plants either by directly inhibiting a pathogenic fungus or by improving the defense capabilities of plants .  the effect of bacterial volatiles on fungal growth was dose - dependent .  a low dosage did not have a noticeable effect on botrytis cinerea growth and development , but was sufficient to elicit induced resistance in arabidopsis thaliana .  bacterial volatiles displayed negative effects on biofilm formation on a polystyrene surface and in in planta leaf colonization of b. cinerea .  however , bacterial volatile - mediated induced resistance was the major mechanism mediating protection of plants from b. cinerea .  it was responsible for more than 90% of plant protection in comparison with direct fungal inhibition .  our results broaden our knowledge of the role of bacterial volatiles in plant protection . ', 'Bacterial volatiles protect plants by either directly inhibiting a pathogenic fungus or improving the defense capabilities of plants. Bacterial volatiles displayed negative effects on fungal growth and biofilm formation, but the major mechanism mediating plant protection was through induced resistance, responsible for more than 90% of plant protection.', 8)
(' backgroundsurgical intervention for corneal perforation is indicated when the anterior chamber does not reform within a short period of time .  herein , we report the successful management of a small paracentral corneal perforation using autologous iris incarceration and tissue adhesive.casea 41-year - old man developed a small paracentral corneal perforation ( 0.5 mm in size ) in the right eye , while the treating physician attempted to remove the residual rust ring after removal of a piece of metallic foreign body.observationsthe eye was initially managed with a bandage soft contact lens to ameliorate the aqueous leakage ; however , without success . iatrogenic iris incarceration of the wound was first induced , followed by application of cyanoacrylate tissue adhesive to the perforated site . as a result ,  the anterior chamber was immediately reformed and maintained .  complete corneal epithelialization of the perforation was achieved in 2 months without visual compromises.conclusionscyanoacrylate tissue adhesive with iatrogenic incarceration of the autologous iris was effective in treating this type of small corneal perforation .  this technique is simple and potentially useful for small paracentral corneal perforations outside the visual axis and without good apposition . ', '  A 41-year-old man developed a small paracentral corneal perforation in his right eye, which was successfully managed using autologous iris incarceration and tissue adhesive. The technique involved inducing iatrogenic iris incarceration followed by application of cyanoacrylate tissue adhesive to the perforated site, which resulted in immediate reforming of the anterior chamber and complete corneal epithelialization within 2 months without any visual compromises.', 8)
(" there is strong evidence that genetic factors make substantial contributions to the etiology of autism , schizophrenia and bipolar disorders , with heritability estimates being at least 80% for each .  these illnesses have complex inheritance , with multiple genetic and environmental factors influencing disease risk ; however , in psychiatry , complex genetics is further compounded by phenotypic complexity .  autism , schizophrenia and bipolar disorder are effectively syndromic constellations of symptoms that define groups of patients with broadly similar outcomes and responses to treatment .  as such the diagnostic categories are likely to be heterogeneous and the boundaries between them somewhat arbitrary .  recent applications of whole - genome technologies have discovered rare copy number variants and common single - nucleotide polymorphisms that are associated with risk of developing these disorders .  furthermore , these studies have shown an overlap between the genetic loci and even alleles that predispose to the different phenotypes .  the findings have several implications .  first , they show that copy number variations are likely to be important risk factors for autism and schizophrenia , whereas common single - nucleotide polymorphism alleles have a role in all disorders .  second , they imply that there are specific genetic loci and alleles that increase an individual 's risk of developing any of these disorders .  finally , the findings suggest that some of the specific genetic loci implicated so far encode proteins , such as neurexins and neuroligins , that function in synaptic development and plasticity , and therefore may represent a common biological pathway for these disorders . ", '  Genetic factors play a significant role in the development of autism, schizophrenia, and bipolar disorder, with heritability estimates ranging from 80% to 100%. These disorders have complex inheritance patterns, involving multiple genetic and environmental factors, and the diagnostic categories are likely to be heterogeneous and arbitrary.', 8)
(' background : many mothers still rely on palpation to determine if their children have fever at home before deciding to seek medical attention or administer self - medications .  this study was carried out to determine the accuracy of subjective assessment of fever by nigerian mothers in under-5 children.patients and methods : each eligible child had a tactile assessment of fever by the mother after which the axillary temperature was measured .  statistical analysis was done using spss version 19 ( ibm inc .  chicago illinois , usa , 2010).result : a total of 113 mother / child pairs participated in the study .  palpation overestimates fever by 24.6% .  irrespective of the surface of the hand used for palpation , the sensitivity , specificity , positive predictive value ( ppv ) and negative predictive value ( npv ) of tactile assessment were 82.4% , 37.1% , 51.9% and 71.9% , respectively .  the use of the palmer surface of the hand had a better sensitivity ( 95.2% ) than the dorsum of the hand ( 69.2% ) .  the use of multiple sites had better sensitivity ( 86.7% ) than the use of single site ( 76.2%).conclusion : tactile assessment of childhood fevers by mothers is still a relevant screening tool for the presence or absence fever .  palpation with the palmer surface of the hand using multiple sites improves the reliability of tactile assessment of fever . ', "Mothers in Nigeria often use palpation to assess their young children's fever before seeking medical attention or administering self-medication. A study found that palpation overestimates fever by 24.6%, with the palmer surface of the hand being more accurate than the dorsum for detecting fever.", 8)
(' chromosomal instability is a hallmark of human cancer cells , but its role in carcinogenesis remains poorly resolved .  insights into this role have emerged from studies on the tumour suppressor brca2 , whose inactivation in human cancers causes chromosomal instability through the loss of essential functions of the brca2 protein in the normal mechanisms responsible for the replication , repair and segregation of dna during cell division .  humans who carry heterozygous germline mutations in the brca2 gene are highly predisposed to cancers of the breast , ovary , pancreas , prostate and other tissues . here , we review recent studies that describe genetically engineered mouse models ( gemms ) for pancreatic cancer associated with brca2 mutations .  these studies not only surprisingly show that brca2 does not follow the classical knudson  two hit   paradigm for tumour suppression , but also highlight features of the interplay between tp53 inactivation and carcinogenesis in the context of brca2 deficiency .  thus , the models reveal novel aspects of cancer evolution in carriers of germline brca2 mutations , provide new insights into the tumour suppressive role of brca2 , and establish valuable new preclinical settings for testing approaches to pancreatic cancer therapy ; together , these features emphasize the value of gemms in cancer research . ', '  Chromosomal instability is a hallmark of human cancer cells, but its role in carcinogenesis is not well understood. Studies on the tumor suppressor BRCA2 have provided insights into its role in causing chromosomal instability through the loss of essential functions of the BRCA2 protein in the normal mechanisms responsible for DNA replication, repair, and segregation during cell division.', 8)
(' backgroundcatheter - related bloodstream infection ( crbsi ) is a life - threatening condition encountered in patients with long - term central venous catheter ( cvc ) indwelling .  the objective was to investigate the clinical characteristics , treatment , and prognosis of crbsi in the intensive care unit ( icu ) in a chinese center , as well as the risk factors for early crbsi.material/methodsa total of 73 crbsi patients were retrospectively studied in relation to patients clinical and epidemiological data , microbiological culture , and treatment .  patients were treated at the taizhou hospital of integrated traditional chinese and western medicine in zhejiang ( zhejiang wenlin , china ) between january 2010 and december 2012.resultsin this chinese center , the most common pathogens were gram - positive cocci , followed by gram - negative bacilli and fungi .  a high prevalence of antibiotic - resistant pathogens was detected , and a higher percentage of non - candida albicans spp . was observed .  multivariate analysis showed that an acute physiology and chronic health evaluation ii ( apache ii ) score > 20 and > 3 types of underlying diseases were independent factors associated with crbsi occurring within 14 days of cvc indwelling .  untimely cvc removal and/or inappropriate use of antibiotics led to significantly longer time to defervescence and time to negative conversion of blood culture ( all p<0.05).conclusionsin this chinese center , gram - positive bacteria are predominantly detected in crbsi .  apache ii score > 20 and the presence of > 3 types of diseases were associated with earlier crbsi onset .  timely removal of cvc and appropriate use of antibiotics resulted in improved outcomes . ', 'Clinical characteristics, treatment, and prognosis of central line-associated bloodstream infections (CLABSIs) were investigated in patients in the intensive care unit (ICU) at a Chinese hospital. Gram-positive cocci were the most common pathogens, and a high prevalence of antibiotic-resistant pathogens was detected, with a higher percentage of non-Candida albicans species.', 8)
(' the  androgen receptor ( ar ) is a major therapeutic target in prostate  cancer pharmacology .  progression of prostate cancer has been linked  to elevated expression of ar in malignant tissue , suggesting that  ar plays a central role in prostate cancer cell biology .  potent therapeutic  agents can be precisely crafted to specifically target ar , potentially  averting systemic toxicities associated with nonspecific chemotherapies .  in this review ,  we describe various strategies to generate steroid  conjugates that can selectively engage ar with high potency .  analogies  to recent developments in nonsteroidal conjugates targeting ar are  also evaluated .  particular focus is placed on potential applications  in ar pharmacology .  the review culminates with a description of future  prospects for targeting ar . ', '  The androgen receptor (AR) is a key therapeutic target in prostate cancer pharmacology, as elevated expression of AR in malignant tissue has been linked to prostate cancer progression. Strategies to generate steroid conjugates that selectively target AR with high potency are described, including recent developments in nonsteroidal conjugates, and potential applications in AR pharmacology are evaluated.', 8)
(' introductionthe v - quick patch template system is compared with the standard 12-lead electrocardiogram ( ecg ) acquisition technique in this paper . the objectives of the study were : ( a ) to study and compare the time taken to produce the printed 12-lead ecg and ( b ) to look at the level of agreement when the ecgs were compared by two blinded , independent assessors.methodsone hundred and fifty each of male and female volunteers signed an informed consent form to participate in the clinical study .  nurses were put through a 4-h training session to familiarise themselves with the v - quick patch system .  the timings were measured with a stopwatch with the specific start and end points defined .  the final ecg printouts were then compared by two blinded , independent assessors for several set criteria.resultsthe v - quick patch system was proved to be significantly faster than the standard 12-lead system in the acquisition of the ecg in both male and female volunteers . the time taken in male volunteers was also noted to be significantly faster than in female volunteers.conclusionthe two assessors shared a 100% agreement level when comparing the ecgs acquired by both techniques in the same individual ( intra - assessor agreement ) and when each ecg was read by the two assessors separately ( inter - assessor agreement ) . ', 'The V-Quick patch system was compared to the standard 12-lead ECG acquisition technique in a study, with the objectives of comparing the time taken to produce the printed ECG and the level of agreement when the ECGs were compared by two blinded, independent assessors. The study found that the V-Quick patch system was significantly faster than the standard 12-lead system in both male and female volunteers, with the time taken in male volunteers being significantly faster than in female volunteers.', 8)
(' background : phrynoderma is a type of follicular hyperkeratosis .  various nutritional deficiency disorders have been implicated in the etiology of phrynoderma.aim:to determine clinical features of phrynoderma and its association with nutritional deficiency signs.materials and methods : a cross - sectional descriptive study of 125 consecutive patients with phrynoderma attending the outpatient department ( opd ) of dermatology was conducted in a tertiary care hospital . in all patients , a detailed history was taken and cutaneous examination findings such as distribution , sites of involvement , morphology of the lesions , and signs of nutritional deficiencies were noted.results:the proportion of patients with phrynoderma attending the opd was 0.51% .  there were 79 males and 46 females .  age of the patients was in the range of 3 - 26 years with a mean of 10  4.3 years .  the lesions were asymptomatic in 114 ( 91.2% ) patients .  the distribution of lesions was bilateral and symmetrical in 89 ( 71.2% ) patients .  the disease was localized ( elbows , knees , extensor extremities , and/or buttocks ) in 106 ( 84.8% ) patients .  the site of onset was elbows in 106 ( 84.8% ) patients .  the lesions were discrete , keratotic , follicular , pigmented or skin colored , acuminate papules in all patients .  signs of vitamin a and vitamin b - complex deficiency were present in 3.2% and 9.6% patients , respectively .  epidermal hyperkeratosis , follicular hyperkeratosis , and follicular plugging were present in the entire biopsy specimen.conclusion:phrynoderma is a disorder with distinctive clinical features and can be considered as a multifactorial disease involving multiple nutrients , local factors like pressure and friction , and environmental factors in the setting of increased nutritional demand . ', 'Phrynoderma is a type of follicular hyperkeratosis that has been linked to various nutritional deficiency disorders. A cross-sectional study of 125 patients with phrynoderma found that the condition is more common in males than females, and that the lesions are typically asymptomatic, bilateral, and symmetrical, with a predilection for the elbows, knees, and buttocks.', 8)
(' ileal dieulafoy lesion is an unusual vascular abnormality that can cause gastrointestinal bleeding .  it can be associated with massive , life - threatening hemorrhage and requires urgent angiographic intervention or surgery .  ileal dieulafoy lesion is hard to recognize due to inaccessibility and normal - appearing mucosa . with advances in endoscopy , aggressive diagnostic and therapeutic approaches including enteroscopy  have recently been performed for small bowel bleeding .  we report two cases of massive ileal dieulafoy lesion bleeding diagnosed and treated successfully by single balloon enteroscopy with a review of the literature . ', 'An ileal Dieulafoy lesion is an unusual vascular abnormality that can cause gastrointestinal bleeding, often associated with massive and life-threatening hemorrhage. Despite being hard to recognize due to inaccessibility and normal-appearing mucosa, advances in endoscopy have made it possible to diagnose and treat this condition using techniques such as single balloon enteroscopy.', 8)
(" objectivenon - specific cervicitis or inflammatory changes in a smear report are common which are usually unclear for clinical approaches . to investigate the frequency of inflammation and pathogenic vaginal microorganisms in cervical smears among an iranian population sample.materials and methodsthis cross - sectional study was carried out on pap smear samples of women referred to gynecological clinic of taleghani hospital in tehran , iran , between october 2008 and march 2009 .  this study was conducted on 528 conventional papanicolaou cervical smears .  the frequency and severity of inflammation and prevalence of bacterial vaginosis ( bv ) , trichomonas vaginalis ( tv ) , and vaginal candidiasis ( vc ) was determined in the samples .  also co - infection of the microorganisms in pap samples was evaluated .  percentage , meanstandard deviation of the outcome parameters were calculated .  the comparison between data was performed with the pearson 's chi square or fisher 's exact test.resultsthe prevalence of bv , vc , and tv in pap samples was 17% , 11% , and 0.4% respectively .  overall , the prevalence of these microorganisms in women of reproductive age was higher than menopausal women .  there was a significant association between vc and the presence of inflammation in our samples.conclusionbased on our results , inflammation in the pap smears can suggest an infection of vc and the patients should be considered for proper vc treatment . ", 'In an Iranian population sample, 17% of women had vaginal infections (BV), 11% had vaginal candidiasis (VC), and 0.4% had Trichomonas vaginalis (TV) based on Pap smear results. The prevalence of these microorganisms was higher in women of reproductive age compared to menopausal women, and there was a significant association between VC and inflammation in the Pap smears.', 8)
(" polychondritis is an inflammatory disorder that affects various catilagenous structures , and the clinical features include auricular , nasal and respiratory tract chondritis .  it also involves the eyes , audiovestibular apparatus , joints and vascular structures .  polychondritis can be associated with several rheumatologic diseases such as systemic lupus erythematosus , rheumatoid arthritis and systemic vasculitis .  however , polychondritis is a rare complication of behet 's disease ( bd ) and only ten cases with combined bd and polychondritis have been reported on around the world . in this report  , we describe a 40-year - old korean man with bd who suffered from polychondritis that manifested as bilateral auricular chondritis , conjunctivitis and arthritis . ", "  Polychondritis is an inflammatory disorder that affects various cartilaginous structures, including the ears, nose, respiratory tract, eyes, audiovestibular apparatus, joints, and vascular structures. It is a rare complication of Behcet's disease (BD), and only ten cases with combined BD and polychondritis have been reported worldwide, including the case of a 40-year-old Korean man who experienced bilateral auricular chondritis, conjunctivitis, and arthritis.", 8)
(' aim : the aim of this study is to evaluate the center of resistance of maxillary incisors during simultaneous intrusion and retraction.subjects and methods : in this study , the following steps were employed namely , ( 1 ) preprocessing - the creation of geometric model , mesh generation and boundary conditions .  ( 2 ) postprocessing - the tooth movement and determination of center of resistance.results:the center of the mid - sagittal plane approximately 6 mm apical and 4 mm posterior to a line perpendicular to the occlusal plane from the labial alveolar crest of the central incisor resistance for the maxillary four incisors was located within the.conclusion:finite element is a sound mechanical method of analysis as it was sufficient enough to provide insight into interactions between orthodontic forces , and dental tissues and reliability of this study .  further by using this study clinically , the center of resistance can be precisely located in single rooted tooth during orthodontic treatment . ', 'The aim of this study is to determine the center of resistance of maxillary incisors during simultaneous intrusion and retraction using finite element analysis. The study found that the center of resistance was located approximately 6 mm apical and 4 mm posterior to a line perpendicular to the occlusal plane from the labial alveolar crest of the central incisor, within the mid-sagittal plane.', 8)
(' objectiveexogenous administration of glucagon - like peptide-1 ( glp-1 ) or glp-1 receptor agonists such as an exendin-4 has direct beneficial effects on the cardiovascular system .  however , their effects on atherosclerogenesis have not been elucidated .  the aim of this study was to investigate the effects of glp-1 on accumulation of monocytes / macrophages on the vascular wall , one of the earliest steps in atherosclerogenesis.research design and methodsafter continuous infusion of low ( 300 pmol   kg1   day1 ) or high ( 24 nmol  kg1   day1 ) dose of exendin-4 in c57bl/6 or apolipoprotein e   deficient mice ( apoe/ ) , we evaluated monocyte adhesion to the endothelia of thoracic aorta and arteriosclerotic lesions around the aortic valve .  the effects of exendin-4 were investigated in mouse macrophages and human monocytes.resultstreatment with exendin-4 significantly inhibited monocytic adhesion in the aortas of c57bl/6 mice without affecting metabolic parameters . in apoe/ mice , the same treatment reduced monocyte adhesion to the endothelium and suppressed atherosclerogenesis . in vitro treatment of mouse macrophages with  exendin-4 suppressed lipopolysaccharide - induced mrna expression of tumor necrosis factor- and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 , and suppressed nuclear translocation of p65 , a component of nuclear factor-b .  this effect was reversed by either mdl-12330a , a camp inhibitor or pki14 - 22 , a protein kinase a  specific inhibitor . in human monocytes , exendin-4 reduced the expression of cd11b.conclusionsour data suggested that glp-1 receptor agonists reduced monocyte / macrophage accumulation in the arterial wall by inhibiting the inflammatory response in macrophages , and that this effect may contribute to the attenuation of atherosclerotic lesion by exendin-4 . ', 'Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonists, such as exendin-4, have direct beneficial effects on the cardiovascular system, but their effects on atherosclerogenesis have not been well understood. This study investigated the effects of exendin-4 on monocyte/macrophage accumulation in the arterial wall, which is an early step in atherosclerosis, and found that it significantly inhibited monocyte adhesion in mice and reduced atherosclerosis in mice with impaired glucose metabolism.', 8)
("  objective . we aimed to examine the independent contributions of physical health and cognitive function to disability among chinese older adults living in two asian metropolises and  explore the potential influences of environment .   design and participants .  cross - sectional analysis based on data from two population - based studies : the shanghai survey of alzheimer 's disease and dementia ( n = 4639 ) and the singapore longitudinal ageing study ( n = 2397 ) .  disability was defined as needing help in at least one activity of daily living .   results .  the prevalence of functional disability was higher in shanghai sample ( 5% ) than that in singapore sample ( 1.8% ) .  number of chronic diseases , self - rated health status , cognitive function ( measured by the mini - mental state examination ) , and environment ( singapore versus shanghai ) significantly contributed to functional disability independent of each other .  the adjusted odds ratio was 1.35 ( 95%ci   1.221.50 ) , 2.85 ( 95% ci 2.363.43 ) , 0.89 ( 95% ci 0.850.94 ) , and 0.68 ( 95% ci 0.480.96 ) , respectively .  the strength of associations between health variables and disability appeared to be influenced by environment .   conclusion .  physical health and cognitive function independently contributed to functional disability .  the associations are modulated by environmental factors . ", 'The study examined the independent contributions of physical health and cognitive function to disability among Chinese older adults in two Asian metropolises, Shanghai and Singapore, and found that both factors significantly contributed to functional disability, with the Shanghai sample having a higher prevalence of disability than the Singapore sample. The study also found that the strength of associations between health variables and disability were influenced by environmental factors.', 8)
(' as the delivery of selectively targeted  cytotoxic agents via antibodies  or small molecule ligands to malignancies has begun to show promise  in the clinic , the need to identify and validate additional cellular  targets for specific therapeutic delivery is critical .  although a  multitude of cancers have been targeted using the folate receptor ,  psma , bombesin receptor , somatostatin receptor , lhrh , and v3 , there is a notable lack of specific small  molecule ligand / receptor pairs to cellular targets found within cancers  of the gi tract .  because of the selective gi tract expression of the  cholecystokinin 2 receptor ( cck2r ) , we undertook the creation of conjugates  that would deliver microtubule - disrupting drugs to malignancies through  the specific targeting of cck2r via a high affinity small molecule  ligand .  the cytotoxic activity of these conjugates were shown to be  receptor mediated in vitro and in vivo with xenograft mouse models  exhibiting delayed growth or regression of tumors that expressed cck2r .   overall , this work demonstrates that ligands to cck2r can be used  to create selectively targeted therapeutic conjugates . ', '  Researchers are exploring the use of targeted therapy to deliver cytotoxic agents to cancer cells in the gut using a specific receptor called the cholecystokinin 2 receptor (CCK2R). They created conjugates that bind to CCK2R and deliver microtubule-disrupting drugs to malignancies, showing receptor-mediated cytotoxic activity in vitro and in vivo.', 8)
(' nowadays , data acquisition software and sensors are being widely used in introductory physics laboratories .  this allows the student to spend more time exploring the data that is collected by the computer hence focusing more on the physical concept .  very often , a faculty is faced with the challenge of updating or introducing a microcomputer - based laboratory ( mbl ) at his or her institution .  this article will provide a list of experiments and equipment needed to convert about half of the traditional labs on a 1-year introductory physics lab into mbls . ', 'In introductory physics labs, data acquisition software and sensors are being widely used to collect data that students can analyze on a computer, allowing them to focus more on physical concepts rather than manual data collection. Faculty members may face the challenge of updating or introducing microcomputer-based labs (MBLs) at their institutions, and this article provides a list of experiments and equipment needed to convert about half of traditional labs into MBLs.', 8)
(' octane - enhancing constituents of gasoline pose a number of health hazards .  this paper considers the relative risks of metallic ( lead , manganese ) , aromatic ( e.g. , benzene ) , and oxygenated additives in both industrialized and developing countries . technological advances , particularly in industrialized countries , have allowed the progressive removal of lead from gasoline and the increased control of exhaust emissions .  the developing world , by contrast , has relatively lax environmental standards and faces serious public health problems from vehicle exhaust and the rapid increase in automobile use .  financial obstacles to the modernization of refineries and vehicle fleets compound this problem and the developing world continues to import large quantities of lead additives and other hazardous materials .  progress in decreasing environmental health problems depends both on the adoption of international public health standards as well as efforts to decrease dependence on the private automobile for urban transport.imagesfigure 1.figure 2 . ', 'The use of additives in gasoline, such as lead, manganese, and benzene, poses health risks in both industrialized and developing countries. However, while technological advances have allowed for the removal of lead from gasoline in industrialized countries, the developing world continues to import large quantities of these hazardous materials and faces serious public health problems due to vehicle exhaust and the rapid increase in automobile use.', 8)
(' there is a recognized need for new treatment options for type 2 diabetes mellitus ( t2 dm ) .  recovery of glucose from the glomerular filtrate represents an important mechanism in maintaining glucose homeostasis and represents a novel target for the management of t2 dm .  recovery of glucose from the glomerular filtrate is executed principally by the type 2 sodium - glucose cotransporter ( sglt2 ) .  inhibition of sglt2 promotes glucose excretion and normalizes glycemia in animal models .  first reports of specifically designed sglt2 inhibitors began to appear in the second half of the 1990s .  several candidate sglt2 inhibitors are currently under development , with four in the later stages of clinical testing . the safety profile of sglt2 inhibitors  is expected to be good , as their target is a highly specific membrane transporter expressed almost exclusively within the renal tubules .  one safety concern is that of glycosuria , which could predispose patients to increased urinary tract infections .  so far the reported safety profile of sglt2 inhibitors in clinical studies appears to confirm that the class is well tolerated . where sglt2 inhibitors will fit in the current cascade of treatments for t2 dm has yet to be established .  the expected favorable safety profile and insulin - independent mechanism of action appear to support their use in combination with other antidiabetic drugs .  promotion of glucose excretion introduces the opportunity to clear calories ( 8090 g [ 300400 calories ] of glucose per day ) in patients that are generally overweight , and is expected to work synergistically with weight reduction programs .  experience will most likely lead to better understanding of which patients are likely to respond best to sglt2 inhibitors , and under what circumstances . ', 'There is a need for new treatment options for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and recovery of glucose from the glomerular filtrate is an important mechanism for maintaining glucose homeostasis. Inhibition of the type 2 sodium-glucose cotransporter (SGLT2) promotes glucose excretion and normalizes glycemia in animal models, and several candidate SGLT2 inhibitors are currently under development and have shown good safety profiles in clinical studies.', 8)
(' aimsthis trial was designed to test the hypothesis that shock efficacy during follow - up is not impaired in patients implanted without defibrillation ( df ) testing during first implantable cardioverter - defibrillator ( icd ) implantation.methods and resultsbetween february 2011 and july 2013 , 1077 patients were randomly assigned ( 1 : 1 ) to first time icd implantation with ( n = 540 ) or without ( n = 537 ) df testing .  the intra - operative df testing was standardized across all participating centres , and all icd shocks were programmed to 40 j irrespective of df test results .  the primary end point was the average first shock efficacy ( fse ) for all true ventricular tachycardia and fibrillation ( vt / vf ) episodes during follow - up .  the secondary end points included procedural data , serious adverse events , and mortality . during a median follow - up of 22.8 months  , the model - based fse was found to be non - inferior in patients with an icd implanted without a df test , with a difference in fse of 3.0% in favour of the no df test [ confidence interval ( ci ) 3.0 to 9.0% , pnon - inferiority < 0.001 for the pre - defined non - inferiority margin of 10% ) . a total of 112 procedure - related serious adverse events occurred within 30 days in 94 patients ( 17.6% ) tested compared with 89 events in 74 patients ( 13.9% ) not tested ( p = 0.095).conclusiondefibrillation efficacy during follow - up is not inferior in patients with a 40 j icd implanted without df testing .  defibrillation testing during first time icd implantation should no longer be recommended for routine left - sided icd implantation . ', 'The study found that defibrillation efficacy during follow-up is not inferior in patients with an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (ICD) implanted without defibrillation (DF) testing during the first implantation. The study showed that there was no significant difference in the average first shock efficacy for true ventricular tachycardia and fibrillation (VT/VF) episodes during follow-up between patients who underwent DF testing and those who did not.', 8)
(' introductionincontinent urinary diversion using an ileal conduit is the most popular method used by urologists after bladder cystectomy resulting from muscle invasive bladder cancer .  the use of gastrointestinal tissue is related to a series of complications with the necessity of surgical procedure extension which increases the time of surgery .  regenerative medicine together with tissue engineering techniques gives hope for artificial urinary conduit construction de novo without affecting the ileum.material and methodsin this review we analyzed history of urinary diversion together with current attempts in urinary conduit construction using tissue engineering methods .  based on literature and our own experience we presented future perspectives related to the artificial urinary conduit construction.resultsa small number of papers in the field of tissue engineered urinary conduit construction indicates that this topic requires more attention .  three main factors can be distinguished to resolve this topic : proper scaffold construction along with proper regeneration of both the urothelium and smooth muscle layers.conclusionsartificial urinary conduit has a great chance to become the first commercially available product in urology constructed by regenerative medicine methods . ', 'Urologists often use ileal conduit urinary diversion after bladder cystectomy for muscle-invasive bladder cancer, but this method has complications due to the use of gastrointestinal tissue. Regenerative medicine and tissue engineering techniques offer hope for constructing artificial urinary conduits without affecting the ileum, but more research is needed in this field.', 8)
(' backgroundclinical studies suggest that hemodiafiltration ( hdf ) may lead to better clinical outcomes than high - flux hemodialysis ( hf - hd ) , but concerns have been raised about the cost - effectiveness of hdf versus hf - hd .  aim of this study was to investigate whether clinical benefits , in terms of longer survival and better health - related quality of life , are worth the possibly higher costs of hdf compared to hf-hd.methodsthe analysis comprised a simulation based on the combined results of previous published studies , with the following steps : 1 ) estimation of the survival function of hf - hd patients from a clinical trial and of hdf patients using the risk reduction estimated in a meta - analysis ; 2 ) simulation of the survival of the same sample of patients as if allocated to hf - hd or hdf using three - state markov models ; and 3 ) application of state - specific health - related quality of life coefficients and differential costs derived from the literature .  several monte carlo simulations were performed , including simulations for patients with different risk profiles , for example , by age ( patients aged 40 , 50 , and 60 years ) , sex , and diabetic status .  scatter plots of simulations in the cost - effectiveness plane were produced , incremental cost - effectiveness ratios were estimated , and cost - effectiveness acceptability curves were computed.resultsan incremental cost - effectiveness ratio of  6,982/quality - adjusted life years ( qaly ) was estimated for the baseline cohort of 50-year - old male patients . given the commonly accepted threshold of  40,000/qaly , hdf is cost - effective .  the probabilistic sensitivity analysis showed that hdf is cost - effective with a probability of ~81% at a threshold of  40,000/qaly .  it is fundamental to measure the outcome also in terms of quality of life .  hdf is more cost - effective for younger patients.conclusionhdf can be considered cost - effective compared to hf - hd . ', 'Hemodiafiltration (HDF) may be more cost-effective than high-flux hemodialysis (HF-HD) according to a simulation-based analysis. The analysis found that HDF is cost-effective with a probability of around 81% at a threshold of $40,000 per quality-adjusted life year (QALY) for a baseline cohort of 50-year-old male patients.', 8)
(' alzheimer s disease ( ad ) is the most common form of dementia in the elderly , and it is characterized by progressive impairment in multiple cognitive domains of sufficient severity to interfere with individuals daily living activities .  historically , the diagnosis of ad has been based on the identification of a clinical syndrome , and accuracy studies of the current clinical criteria conducted in referral clinics have shown high sensitivity for ad . however , the identification of the disease is still not perfect , and there is growing evidence that the use of biomarkers will increase our ability to better indentify the underlying biology of ad , especially in its early stages .  these biomarkers will improve the detection of the patients suitable for research studies and drug trials , and they will contribute to a better management of the disease in the clinical practice . in this review , we discuss the most studied biomarkers in ad : cerebrospinal fluid proteins , structural magnetic resonance imaging , functional neuroimaging techniques , and amyloid imaging . ', "  Alzheimer's disease (AD) is the most common form of dementia in the elderly, characterized by progressive cognitive impairment interfering with daily living activities. The diagnosis of AD has been based on clinical syndromes, but accuracy studies have shown high sensitivity. Biomarkers, such as cerebrospinal fluid proteins, structural MRI, functional neuroimaging techniques, and amyloid imaging, are being studied to improve detection and management of AD in clinical practice.", 8)
(' background : spinocerebellar ataxia type 3 ( sca3 ) is the most common subtype of sca worldwide , and runs a slowly progressive and unremitting disease course .  there is currently no curable treatment available .  growing evidence has suggested that nerve growth factor ( ngf ) may have therapeutic effects in neurodegenerative diseases , and possibly also in sca3 .  the objective of this study was to test the efficacy of ngf in sca3 patients.methods:we performed an open - label prospective study in genetically confirmed adult ( > 18 years old ) sca3 patients .  ngf was administered by intramuscular injection ( 18 g once daily ) for 28 days consecutively .  all the patients were evaluated at baseline and 2 and 4 weeks after treatment using the chinese version of the scale for assessment and rating of ataxia ( sara).results : twenty - one sca3 patients ( 10 men and 11 women , mean age 39.14  7.81 years , mean disease duration 4.14  1.90 years , mean cag repeats number 77.57  2.27 ) were enrolled .  after 28 days of ngf treatment , the mean total sara score decreased significantly from a baseline of 8.48  2.40 to 6.30  1.87 ( p < 0.001 ) .  subsections sara scores also showed significant improvements in stance ( p = 0.003 ) , speech ( p = 0.023 ) , finger chase ( p = 0.015 ) , fast alternating hand movements ( p = 0.009 ) , and heel - shin slide ( p = 0.001).conclusions : our preliminary data suggest that ngf may be effective in treating patients with sca3 . ', 'Nerve growth factor (NGF) may have therapeutic effects in treating spinocerebellar ataxia type 3 (SCA3), a progressive and unremitting neurodegenerative disease. In a small, open-label study of 21 adult SCA3 patients, NGF treatment significantly improved ataxia symptoms, including stance, speech, finger chase, fast alternating hand movements, and heel-shin slide, after 28 days of daily injections.', 8)
(' single nanopores attract a great deal of scientific interest as a basis for biosensors and as a system to study the interactions and behavior of molecules in a confined volume .  tuning the geometry and surface chemistry of nanopores helps create devices that control transport of ions and molecules in solution . here  , we present single conically shaped nanopores whose narrow opening of 8 or 12  nm is modified with single - stranded dna molecules .  we find that the dna occludes the narrow opening of nanopores and that the blockade extent decreases with the ionic strength of the background electrolyte .  the results are explained by the ionic strength dependence of the persistence length of dna . at low kcl concentrations ( 10  mm )  the molecules assume an extended and rigid conformation , thereby blocking the pore lumen and reducing the flow of ionic current to a greater extent than compacted dna at high salt concentrations . attaching flexible polymers to the pore walls  hence creates a system with tunable opening diameters in order to regulate transport of both neutral and charged species . ', '  Scientists are interested in using nanopores as a basis for biosensors and to study molecule interactions in a confined volume. By modifying single conically shaped nanopores with single-stranded DNA molecules, researchers found that the DNA occludes the narrow opening of the nanopores and the blockade extent decreases with the ionic strength of the background electrolyte.', 8)
(' different physiological and pathological conditions can perturb protein folding in the endoplasmic reticulum , leading to a condition known as er stress .  er stress activates a complex intracellular signal transduction pathway , called unfolded protein response ( upr ) .  the upr is tailored essentially to reestablish er homeostasis also through adaptive mechanisms involving the stimulation of autophagy . however ,  when persistent , er stress can switch the cytoprotective functions of upr and autophagy into cell death promoting mechanisms .  recently , a variety of anticancer therapies have been linked to the induction of er stress in cancer cells , suggesting that strategies devised to stimulate its prodeath function or block its prosurvival function , could be envisaged to improve their tumoricidial action . a better understanding of the molecular mechanisms that determine the final outcome of upr and autophagy activation by chemotherapeutic agents , will offer new opportunities to improve existing cancer therapies as well as unravel novel targets for cancer treatment . ', '  Protein folding in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) can be disrupted by various physiological and pathological conditions, leading to ER stress. This stress activates the unfolded protein response (UPR), a complex signaling pathway that aims to restore ER homeostasis through adaptive mechanisms, including the stimulation of autophagy. However, if ER stress persists, the UPR can switch from a cytoprotective to a cell death-promoting mechanism, and recent studies have linked anticancer therapies to the induction of ER stress in cancer cells, suggesting that strategies to enhance the pro-death function or block the pro-survival function of UPR may improve cancer treatment.', 8)
(' backgroundbevacizumab has become standard of care as first - line treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer ( mcrc ) , after proving increased response rates and improvement in survival outcomes .  hypertension ( htn ) is a common complication of the treatment with bevacizumab and , owing to its close relation with antiangiogenic mechanism , may represent a clinical biomarker to predict the efficacy of the treatment .  the aim of this study was to retrospectively evaluate if htn grades 2 to 3 were correlated with response to treatment with bevacizumab in first line , as well as with improved progression - free survival ( pfs ) and overall survival ( os ) , in a series of patients with mcrc.methodsretrospective evaluation of clinical records of patients with histologically proven mcrc , treated with bevacizumab as first - line treatment , between january 2008 and december 2013.results79 patients were evaluated .  51.9% of patients developed htn g2-g3 during chemotherapy - bevacizumab treatment . in the group of patients who developed bevacizumab - related htn , 73.2% showed response to treatment ( complete response ( cr)+ partial response ( pr ) ) and 97.6% achieved disease control ( cr , pr or stable disease ) compared to 18.4% of patients with response and 63.2% with disease control in the group that did not ( or 12.08 ; 95% ci 4.13 to 35.29 ; p<0.001 responders vs non - responders ; or 20.8 ; 95% ci 2.56 to 168.91 ; p 0.005 controlled vs  non controlled disease ) .  the median os was 28  months ( 22.733.3 ) .  significant statistical difference was obtained in pfs between the two groups ( p<0.001 ) . in the group that developed bevacizumab - related htn ,  the median os was 33  months ( 25.740.3 ) , and in the group that did not , it was 21  months ( 16.525.5 ) with no significant statistical difference between the two groups ( p 0.114).conclusionsin this subset of patients , htn g2 - 3 was predictive of response to treatment with bevacizumab and of pfs but not of os . ', 'Hypertension (HTN) grades 2-3 during Bevacizumab treatment are associated with improved response to treatment and progression-free survival (PFS) in patients with metastatic colorectal cancer (MCRC). However, it is not a predictor of overall survival (OS) in this patient population.', 8)
(' there is a need recognized by the national institute of dental & craniofacial research and the national cancer institute to advance basic , translational and clinical saliva research .  the goal of the salivaomics knowledge base ( skb ) is to create a data management system and web resource constructed to support human salivaomics research . to maximize the utility of the skb for retrieval , integration and analysis of data  , we have developed the saliva ontology and sdxmart .  this article reviews the informatics advances in saliva diagnostics made possible by the saliva ontology and sdxmart . ', 'The National Institute of Dental & Craniofacial Research and the National Cancer Institute recognize the need to advance saliva research, including basic, translational, and clinical studies. To support this effort, they have developed the Salivaomics Knowledge Base (SKB), a data management system and web resource that provides a standardized framework for storing, integrating, and analyzing saliva research data, including the Saliva Ontology and SDxMart, which enable efficient retrieval and analysis of data.', 8)
(' background : various histopathological changes have been observed following neoadjuvant chemotherapy in individual tumors in the literature.aims and objectives : to observe histopathologic changes seen after neoadjuvant chemotherapy in breast malignancies , squamous cell carcinomas , adenocarcinomas , and wilms tumor using breast cancer predominantly as the model.materials and methods : the present prospective study was carried out on 60 patients including 40 patients with carcinoma breast and 20 patients with other malignancies who received neoadjuvant chemotherapy.results:post neoadjuvant chemotherapy , mastectomy specimens revealed nuclear enlargement , nuclear shrinkage , necrosis , vacuolation of nucleus , vacuolation of cytoplasm , dyscohesion , and shrinkage of tumor cells with nuclear changes of nonviability like karyorrhexis , karyolysis , and pyknosis .  stromal reactions manifested as fibrosis , elastosis , collagenization , hyalinization , microcalcification , and neovascularization .  areas of necrosis included both vascular and avascular pattern .  the stroma also revealed fibrinoid necrosis and mucinous change .  hyalinization of the blood vessel wall was a common finding .  the most common inflammatory host response observed in the present study was lymphocytic ; others included mixed inflammation , plasmacytic , prominent histiocytic , and giant cell types .  giant cell reaction was significantly correlated to all types of tumor responses ( p < 0.05 ) .  similar changes were also observed in other malignancies . a detailed review of the literature has also been done and presented.conclusion:the tumor grade decreases and differentiation improves , in addition to the retrogressive changes and increase in stromal component , as a result of chemotherapy in carcinoma breast as well as in other malignancies . ', '  In a prospective study, the authors observed histopathological changes in breast cancer tissues after neoadjuvant chemotherapy. The changes included nuclear enlargement, shrinkage, necrosis, and vacuolation of nuclei and cytoplasm, as well as stromal reactions such as fibrosis, elastosis, and collagenization. The study also observed similar changes in other malignancies, including squamous cell carcinomas, adenocarcinomas, and Wilms tumor. The authors concluded that chemotherapy leads to a decrease in tumor grade and improvement in differentiation, as well as changes in the stromal component.', 8)
(' retrospective data was collected from 77 elderly acute myeloid leukemia ( aml ) patients treated with azacitidine ( aza ) and 50 elderly aml patients treated with intensive chemotherapy ( ic ) from 4 portuguese hospitals.median os was 10.6 months in those receiving aza as 1st line .  response ( overall response rate 44% ) had a significant impact on overall survival ( p=<0.0001 ) .  median os of the comparator ic cohort was significantly inferior to that observed in the cohort treated with aza in first line ( p=0.0104).these results support the efficacy of aza in aml in the elderly in any line of treatment . ', '  In a study of 77 elderly acute myeloid leukemia (AML) patients treated with azacitidine (Aza) as their first line of treatment, the median overall survival (OS) was 10.6 months, with a response rate of 44% showing a significant impact on overall survival (p<0.0001). In comparison, the median OS of a cohort of 50 elderly AML patients treated with intensive chemotherapy (IC) was significantly inferior to that of the Aza cohort (p=0.0104).', 8)
(' background : disorders of cardiovascular system can cause disability or death , screening is necessary specially in workers who maybe had risk factors .  hypertension , hyperlipidemia , obesity , smoking , genetic , exposure to chemicals , fumes , solvents , coldness are non occupational and occupational risk factors .  objective was comparison of cardiovascular disorders risk factors between workers in different industries of iran.methods:in a cross - sectional study , workers of automobile , food industries and light works had been selected and cardiovascular disorders risk factors had been gathered then data analyzed in spss with one - way anova , chi-2 and multi nominal logistic regression with p < 0.05.results:875 workers had been participated in the study , all of the cardiovascular disorders risk factors were in the normal range .  mean of high density lipoprotein ( hdl ) in food industry workers was 63.83  17.42 mg / dl and it was protective , but in workers who work in automobile industry was 38.97  11.08 mg / dl and the lowest , also hypertension and hypertriglyceridemia were more prominent in this industry and after regression with p < 0.05 , the differences were significant.conclusions:screening of cardiovascular disorders risk factors were important and helpful in industries specially automobile industry , that might be preventive method for these disorders in the future . ', 'Cardiovascular disorders can cause disability or death, and screening is necessary, especially in workers with risk factors such as hypertension, hyperlipidemia, obesity, smoking, genetic, exposure to chemicals, fumes, or solvents. A cross-sectional study in Iran found that workers in the automobile industry had higher levels of hypertension and hypertriglyceridemia compared to workers in the food and light industries, and screening may be a preventive method for these disorders in the future.', 8)
(' purposeas endoscopic treatment for vesicoureteral reflux ( vur ) has increased , secondary ureteral reimplantation ( ur ) after failure of endoscopic treatment has increased .  we studied the clinical feature and efficacy of secondary ur after failure of endoscopic treatment compared with primary ur.materials and methodseighty - one children who had ur for vur were enrolled .  charts were reviewed retrospectively for age , sex , grade of vur before surgery , operative time , hospitalization period , postoperative complication , and success rate .  primary ur ( group a , n=64 ) was compared with secondary ur after failed endoscopic treatment ( group b , n=17 ) . in group  b , telephone survey for the satisfaction of endoscopic treatment and surgery was done.resultsmean age of each group was 49.637.1 and 56.622.5 months ( p=0.236 ) .  there was no significant difference between each group in sex , mean operative time , postoperative transfusion , complication rate , and success rate .  as telephone survey in group b , eleven responders preferred endoscopic treatment as primary treatment of vur because it was a simple method and no hospitalization.conclusionssecondary ur after failure of endoscopic treatment was similar to primary ur .  parents preferred endoscopic treatment as first line treatment for vur in spite of the need for secondary ur after failure of endoscopic treatment . ', 'Secondary ureteral reimplantation (UR) after failure of endoscopic treatment for vesicoureteral reflux (VUR) has increased, and this study compared the clinical features and efficacy of secondary UR with primary UR in children. The study found that there were no significant differences between the two groups in terms of age, sex, grade of VUR, operative time, hospitalization period, postoperative complications, and success rate, and that eleven parents preferred endoscopic treatment as the primary treatment for VUR despite the need for secondary UR.', 8)
(' introductionorganizations can be regarded as systems .  the traditional model of systems views them as machines .  this seems to be insufficient when it comes to understanding and organizing complex tasks . to better understand integrated care we should approach organizations as constantly changing living organisms , where many agents are interconnected in so - called complex adaptive systems ( cas).theory and discussionthe term  complex   emphasizes that the necessary competence to perform a task is not owned by any one part , but comes as a result of co - operation within the system .   adaptive  means that system change occurs through successive adaptations .  a cas consists of several subsystems called agents , which act in dependence of one another .  examples would be the ant - hill , the human immune defence , the financial market and the surgical operating theatre team . studying a cas ,  the focus is on the interaction and communication between agents .  although these thoughts are not new , the cas - approach has not yet been widely applied to the management of integrated care .  this helps the management to understand why the traditional top down way of managing , following the machine model thinking , may meet with problems in interdependent organizations with complex tasks.conclusionwhen we perceive health and social services as cass we should gain more insight into the processes that go on within and between organizations and how top management , for example within a hospital , in fact executes its steering function . ', '  Organizations can be understood as complex systems, rather than machines, to better understand and organize complex tasks such as integrated care. The "complex adaptive systems" (CAS) approach views organizations as constantly changing living organisms with interconnected agents that adapt and change through successive adaptations.', 8)
(' hypothyroidism is a common endocrine disorder with characteristic clinical symptoms and signs .  typical symptoms of hypothyroidism are lethargy , cold intolerance , slowing of intellectual and motor activity , decreased appetite , weight gain , and dry skin .  a 39-year - old female presented to the clinic with dysarthria as the chief symptom .  subsequent questions revealed that other symptoms were confined to the otolaryngeal region , which were episodes of mild dysphonia , dysphagia , sleep apnea , and snoring .  laboratory data revealed marked hypothyroidism and positive tests for antithyroglobulin and antimicrosomal antibodies .  after administration of thyroxin , the dysarthria and the other symptoms rapidly disappeared .  dysarthria may be the presenting symptom of hypothyroidism and can be resolved after hormone replacement therapy . ', 'Hypothyroidism is a common endocrine disorder characterized by symptoms such as lethargy, cold intolerance, slowed intellectual and motor activity, decreased appetite, weight gain, and dry skin. A 39-year-old female presented to the clinic with dysarthria as the chief symptom, but other symptoms were confined to the otolaryngeal region and included episodes of mild dysphonia, dysphagia, sleep apnea, and snoring.', 8)
(' we have previously isolated -cop , the -cop interactor in copi of aspergillus nidulans , by yeast two - hybrid screening . to understand the function of -cop , the anea+ gene for -cop / anea was deleted by homologous recombination using a gene - specific disruption cassette .  deletion of the -cop gene showed no detectable changes in vegetative growth or asexual development , but resulted in decrease in the production of the fruiting body , cleistothecium , under conditions favorable for sexual development . unlike in the budding yeast saccharomyces cerevisiae , in a. nidulans , over - expression of -cop did not rescue the thermo - sensitive growth defect of the -cop mutant at 42. together ,  these data show that -cop is not essential for viability , but it plays a role in fruiting body formation in a. nidulans . ', 'The gene -cop was isolated in Aspergillus nidulans through yeast two-hybrid screening, and its function was studied through gene disruption. Deletion of the -cop gene resulted in a decrease in fruiting body production, but did not affect vegetative growth or asexual development, suggesting that -cop is not essential for viability but plays a role in fruiting body formation in A. nidulans.', 8)
(" aim : to evaluate the efficacy of calretinin immunostaining in diagnosing hirschsprung 's disease ( hd).materials and methods : sixty cases were studied over a period of 1 year ( july 2010-june 2011 ) .  there were 36 full - thickness biopsies and 24 resected specimens .  calretinin processing was done on the paraffin - embedded blocks after routine histopathological examination.results:of the 36 biopsy specimens , in 19 cases hd was diagnosed by hematoxylin and eosin ( h and e ) staining earlier . in 2 patients ,  ganglion cells were seen and hd was ruled out . in 15 cases , there was a diagnostic dilemma and calretinin was used .  ganglion cells were found in 3 specimens and nerve fibers in 5 . in all 24 resected specimens , calretinin correlated with the findings on h and  e staining.conclusions:calretinin was extremely useful in solving the suspicious and indeterminate cases of hd .  it can serve as a valuable cost - effective diagnostic aid in the centers where acetylcholinesterase enzyme histochemistry is not available . ", "  In a study of 60 cases over a year, calretinin immunostaining was used to diagnose Hirschsprung's disease (HD) in cases where traditional histopathological staining was inconclusive. Calretinin was found to be useful in resolving diagnostic dilemmas in 15 of the cases, and it correlated with the findings on hematoxylin and eosin staining in all 24 resected specimens.", 8)
(" background : drug abuse is now - a - days one of the gravest social harms .  recent years have experienced a drastic rise in drug abuse among school and university students .  thus , the need for special attention to the issue is deemed important .  the present study was conducted with the aim of assessing the impact of life skills training on promotion of drug abuse preventive behaviors.methods:this field trial experimental study was conducted on 60 students of gonabad medical university selected through quota random sampling and assigned randomly into two intervention and control groups .  data were collected through a questionnaire , including two sections of demographic information and drug abuse preventive behaviors .  the questionnaire was first assessed as to its validity and reliability and then administered both before and after educational intervention and also as a follow - up 4 years after intervention  data were then analyzed using t - tests and chi-square.results:comparison of post - test mean scores of drug abuse preventive behaviors of both groups showed a significant difference ( p < 0.01 ) which remained stable 4 years after intervention .  there was a significant relationship between father 's educational level and drug abuse preventive behaviors ( p < 0.01).conclusions : life skills training is effective in the promotion of drug abuse preventive behaviors of university students . ", 'A recent study assessed the impact of life skills training on drug abuse preventive behaviors among university students. The study found that life skills training was effective in promoting drug abuse preventive behaviors, with a significant difference in mean scores between the intervention and control groups both immediately after the intervention and 4 years later.', 8)
(' we report results on the seroprevalence of antibodies to coxiella burnetii in cattle and healthy people in korea . upon agreement with dairy owners , serum samples from 414 dairy cattle  were collected between march and june 2001 and samples from 205 people for health screening were collected between april and december 2002 .  the sera were analyzed for the presence of anti - c .  burnetii phase ii antibodies using an indirect microimmunofluorescence test ; strong fluorescence at a 1:32 dilution was regarded as positive .  the overall seroprevalence of c. burnetii in cattle in korea was 25.6% , with regional variation from 8.9 to 59.3% .  of the positive serum samples , 75.5% had antibody titers 1:256 .  by contrast , only 1.5% of people in a rural area were seropositive , and most of the positive samples had low antibody titers . in conclusion , this study showed that relatively high seropositivity of c. burnetii in dairy cattle , accordingly , the studies on the high - risk groups are needed to evaluate the seroprevalence for this organism in korea . ', 'In Korea, a study found that 25.6% of dairy cattle had antibodies against Coxiella burnetii, with significant regional variation (8.9-59.3%). In contrast, only 1.5% of people in a rural area were seropositive, and most of these had low antibody titers.', 8)
(' backgroundanemia in patients with cancer who are undergoing active therapy is commonly encountered and may worsen quality of life in these patients . the effect of blood transfusion is often temporary and may be associated with serious adverse events .  erythropoiesis - stimulating agents are not effective in 30%50% of patients and may have a negative effect on overall survival.aimsto assess the efficacy and feasibility of intravenous iron therapy in patients with cancer who have non - iron - deficiency anemia and who are undergoing treatment with chemotherapy without the use of erythropoiesis - stimulating agents.methodsadult patients with solid cancers and non - iron - deficiency anemia were included .  ferric sucrose at a dose of 200 mg was given in short intravenous infusions weekly for a total of 12 weeks .  hemoglobin level was measured at baseline , every 3 weeks , and 2 weeks after the last iron infusion ( week 14 ) .  adverse events related to intravenous iron were prospectively reported.resultsof 25 patients included , 19 ( 76.0% ) completed at least three iron infusions and 14 ( 56.0% ) finished the planned 12 weeks of therapy .  the mean hemoglobin level of the 25 patients at baseline was 9.6 g / dl ( median , 9.9 g / dl ; range , 6.9 g / dl 10.9 g / dl ) . the mean change in hemoglobin level for the 15 patients who completed at least 9 treatments was 1.7 g / dl ( median , 1.1 g / dl ; range , 1.9 g / dl to 3.2 g / dl ) ; it reached 2.1 g / dl ( median , 1.3 g / dl ; range , 0.2 g / dl to 4.6 g / dl ; p = 0.0007 ) for the 14 patients who completed all 12 weekly treatments .  five ( 20.0% ) patients were transfused and considered as treatment failures .  no treatment - related adverse events were reported.conclusionintravenous iron treatment alone is safe and may reduce blood transfusion requirements and improve hemoglobin level in patients with cancer who are undergoing anticancer therapy .  further randomized studies are needed to confirm these findings . ', '  Intravenous iron therapy was studied in patients with cancer who were undergoing chemotherapy without erythropoiesis-stimulating agents. The treatment was found to be safe and may reduce blood transfusion requirements and improve hemoglobin levels in these patients. However, the study was small and further randomized studies are needed to confirm these findings.', 9)
(' many lepidopteran insects are agricultural pests that affect stored grains , food and fiber crops .  these insects have negative ecological and economic impacts since they lower crop yield , and pesticides are expensive and can have off - target effects on beneficial arthropods  . a better understanding of lepidopteran immunity will aid in identifying new targets for the development of specific insect pest management compounds .  a fundamental aspect of immunity , and therefore a logical target for control , is the induction of antimicrobial peptide ( amp ) expression .  these peptides insert into and disrupt microbial membranes , thereby promoting pathogen clearance and insect survival .  pathways leading to amp expression have been extensively studied in the dipteran drosophila melanogaster . however , diptera are an important group of pollinators and pest management strategies that target their immune systems is not recommended .  recent advances have facilitated investigation of lepidopteran immunity , revealing both conserved and derived characteristics .  although the general pathways leading to amp expression are conserved , specific components of these pathways , such as recognition proteins have diverged . in this review  we highlight how such comparative immunology could aid in developing pest management strategies that are specific to agricultural insect pests . ', '  Lepidopteran insects, such as moths and butterflies, are major pests of stored grains, food, and fiber crops, causing significant economic and ecological damage. Understanding lepidopteran immunity can help identify new targets for specific insect pest management compounds, such as antimicrobial peptides (AMPs) that promote pathogen clearance and insect survival.', 9)
(' background : agenesis of the inferior vena cava ( ivc ) as a cause of recurrent deep vein thrombosis ( dvt ) is uncommon.case:a 33-year - old male with no family history of thrombophilia , who had experienced multiple recurrent episodes of dvt over a 15-year period of unknown cause , was admitted into our hospital because of cellulitis in the right leg .  computer tomography with contrast of the abdomen showed an absence of ivc.conclusion:congenital absence of the ivc could be a rare risk factor for idiopathic dvt , especially in young individuals . ', 'Agenesis of the inferior vena cava (IVC) is a rare cause of recurrent deep vein thrombosis (DVT), and a 33-year-old male with no family history of thrombophilia who experienced multiple recurrent episodes of DVT over a 15-year period was found to have congenital absence of the IVC on computed tomography. This finding suggests that congenital absence of the IVC could be a rare risk factor for idiopathic DVT, particularly in young individuals.', 9)
(' the two - stage exchange arthroplasty ( one- or two - stage ) is believed to be the gold standard for the management of infections following total knee arthroplasty .  we herein report a novel two - stage exchange arthroplasty technique using an antibiotic - impregnated cement intramedullary nail , which can be easily prepared during surgery using a straight thoracic tube and a steinmann pin , and may provide additional stability to the knee to maintain normal mechanical axis .  in addition , there is less pain between the period of prosthesis removal and subsequent reimplantation .  less soft tissue contracture , less scar adhesion , easy removal of the cement intramedullary nail , and successful infection control are the advantages of this technique . ', 'The two-stage exchange arthroplasty is considered the gold standard for managing infections after total knee arthroplasty, and a novel technique using an antibiotic-impregnated cement intramedullary nail has been developed. This technique can provide additional stability to the knee and reduce pain, soft tissue contracture, and scar adhesions during the exchange procedure.', 9)
(' mental fatigue is for many a distressing and long - term problem after stroke .  this mental fatigue will make it more difficult for the person to return to work and previous activities .  the intention with this study is to investigate mental fatigue in relation to depression and cognitive functions .  we examined 24 well - rehabilitated stroke subjects , who suffered from mental fatigue one year or more after a stroke , and 24 healthy controls .  subjects were examined using self - assessment scales for mental fatigue , depression and anxiety , and cognitive tests .  the results showed a highly increased rating for mental fatigue for the stroke group ( p < 0.001 ) .  these participants also had a significantly higher rating on the depression ( p < 0.001 ) and anxiety ( p < 0.001 ) scales .  furthermore , they had a slower information processing speed ( p < 0.001 ) and made more errors in a demanding attention and speed test ( p < 0.05 ) . among the cognitive tests , processing speed and errors made in an attention and speed test were significant predictors for mental fatigue .  we suggest mental fatigue following a stroke to be related to cognitive impairments , primarily information processing speed .  mental fatigue should also be treated as a separate phenomenon and should be differentiated from , and not confused with , depression , even if overlapping symptoms exist . ', 'Mental fatigue is a common and long-term problem for many stroke survivors, making it difficult for them to return to work and previous activities. This study investigated the relationship between mental fatigue, depression, and cognitive functions in stroke survivors, finding that mental fatigue was significantly higher in the stroke group, along with higher ratings of depression and anxiety, and slower information processing speed and more errors in attention and speed tests.', 9)
(' abstractthe crispr / cas9 technology is a welcome breakthrough for genome editing , owing to its precision , efficiency , versatility and ease of adoption .  we recently reported the first application of crispr / cas9 for biallelic mutations in stably transformed populus , extending the species range of this powerful technology to woody perennials .  an underappreciated obstacle in genome editing of outcrossing species is the frequent occurrence of sequence polymorphisms that can render crispr / cas9 unproductive .  we discuss experimental evidence as well as genome - wide computational analysis to demonstrate the sensitivity of crispr / cas9 to allelic heterozygosity , and highlight tools and strategies that can help deal with such sequence polymorphisms . with its specificity , crispr / cas9 offers a less equivocal means than previous approaches for discerning functional redundancy of paralogous genes that are prevalent in plant genomes .  continuing improvements of the crispr / cas9 system for multiplex genome engineering should facilitate these efforts .  the paradigm shift brought about by crispr / cas9 promises to accelerate not only basic research but also applied crop improvement progress . ', 'The CRISPR/Cas9 technology is a significant breakthrough in genome editing due to its precision, efficiency, versatility, and ease of adoption. The technology has been applied to stably transformed Populus, extending its range to woody perennials, and has shown to be sensitive to allelic heterozygosity, highlighting the need for tools and strategies to deal with sequence polymorphisms.', 9)
(' purpose : a further understanding of the anterior supramalleolar artery ( asma ) and its potential applications in reconstructive surgery.materials and methods : a total of 24 fresh lower limbs from fresh cadavers were injected with red latex for dissection . the type of origin , course , diameter of the pedicle , and the distance between the origin of the asma from the anterior tibial artery to the extensor retinaculum ( o - r ) were recorded .  bi - foliate fasciocutaneous flaps were harvested using the branches of the asma.results:we found four types of origin of the asma , and we have accordingly classified them into four types .  10 of them were type a , 7 were type b , 6 were type c and 1 was type d. the mean o - r ( origin of asma to retinaculum ) distance was 2.0  0.8 cm .  the diameter of the medial branch ( d1 ) , the diameter of the lateral branch ( d2 ) , and the diameter of artery stem ( d3 ) ( only in type a ) were 1.0  0.2 mm , 0.8  0.3 mm , 1.1  0.2 mm , respectively .  the mean pedicle length of the lateral flap ( l1 ) and medial flap ( l2 ) were 5.1  1.0 cm and 3.7  0.6 cm , respectively.conclusions:the asma exists constantly with four different types of origin .  its sizable diameter and lengthy pedicle make it suitable for bi - foliate fasciocutaneous flap transfer . ', '  The study aimed to investigate the anterior supramalleolar artery (ASMA) and its potential applications in reconstructive surgery. The authors found four types of ASMA origins and classified them into types A, B, C, and D. The mean distance from the ASMA origin to the extensor retinaculum was 2.0 cm, and the diameter of the medial and lateral branches and the artery stem were measured. The authors concluded that the ASMA is a suitable vessel for bi-fold fasciocutaneous flap transfer due to its large diameter and long pedicle.', 9)
(' [ purpose ] the purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of gastrocnemius  stretching combined with talocrural joint mobilization on weight - bearing ankle  dorsiflexion passive range of motion .  [ subjects ] eleven male subjects with bilateral  limited ankle dorsiflexion passive range of motion with knee extended participated in this  study .  [ methods ] all subjects received talocrural joint mobilization while performing  gastrocnemius stretching .  ankle dorsiflexion passive range of motion was measured using an  inclinometer under weight - bearing conditions before and immediately after intervention .  a  paired t - test was used to analyze the difference between weight - bearing ankle dorsiflexion  passive range of motion pre- and post - intervention .  [ results ] a significant increase in  weight - bearing ankle dorsiflexion passive range of motion was found post - intervention  compared with pre - intervention .  [ conclusion ] these findings demonstrate that gastrocnemius  stretching combined with joint mobilization is effective for increasing weight - bearing  ankle dorsiflexion passive range of motion . ', 'The purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of gastrocnemius stretching combined with talocrural joint mobilization on weight-bearing ankle dorsiflexion passive range of motion in individuals with limited ankle dorsiflexion. The study found that the combination of gastrocnemius stretching and talocrural joint mobilization significantly increased weight-bearing ankle dorsiflexion passive range of motion compared to pre-intervention values.', 9)
(' in this era of precision medicine , our understanding and knowledge of the molecular landscape associated with lung cancer pathogenesis continues to evolve .  this information is being increasingly exploited to treat advanced stage lung cancer patients with tailored , targeted therapy . during the management of these patients , minimally invasive procedures to obtain samples for tissue diagnoses are desirable .  cytologic fine - needle aspirates are often utilized for this purpose and are important not only for rendering diagnoses to subtype patients lung cancers , but also for ascertaining molecular diagnostic information for treatment purposes .  thus , cytologic fine - needle aspirates must be utilized and triaged judiciously to achieve both objectives . in this review ,  strategies in utilizing fine - needle aspirates will be discussed in the context of our current understanding of the clinically actionable molecular aberrations underlying non - small cell lung cancer and the molecular assays applied to these samples in order to obtain treatment - relevant molecular diagnostic information . ', '  In the era of precision medicine, the molecular landscape of lung cancer is being continuously studied to develop targeted therapies for advanced stage patients. Minimally invasive procedures, such as fine-needle aspirates, are used to obtain tissue samples for diagnosis and molecular testing to tailor treatment.', 9)
(' backgroundmultidetector computed tomography ( mdct ) has become the main investigation of choice for staging of many cancers.aimthe purpose of this pictorial review is to discuss the imaging appearances on ct of some of the more common cancers arising within the abdomen and pelvis and to describe their typical sites of local , nodal and haematogenous tumour spread.methodscancers arising from the stomach , pancreas , colon , kidney , ovary and prostate will be reviewed.resultsawareness of the characteristic sites of tumour spread is important to allow accurate identification of all sites of disease.conclusionthis will clearly have an impact on both patient management and prognosis . ', '  Computed Tomography (CT) imaging, specifically Multi-Detector CT (MDCT), has become the primary imaging modality for staging of various cancers in the abdomen and pelvis. This pictorial review aims to highlight the characteristic imaging appearances of common cancers in these regions, including their sites of local, nodal, and hematogenous tumor spread, and to emphasize the importance of accurate identification of all sites of disease for proper patient management and prognosis.', 9)
(" objective : the aim of the study was to determine blood groups and rhesus factor from dentin and pulp using absorption - elution ( ae ) technique in different time periods at 0 , 3 , 6 , 9 and 12 months , respectively.materials and methods : a total of 150 cases , 30 patients each at 0 , 3 , 6 , 9 and 12 months were included in the study . the samples consisted of males and females with age ranging 1360 years .  patient 's blood group was checked and was considered as  control .   the dentin and pulp of extracted teeth were tested for the presence of abo / rh antigen , at respective time periods by ae technique.statistical analysis : data were analyzed in proportion . for comparison , chi - square test or fisher 's exact test was used for the small sample.results:blood group antigens of abo and rh factor  were detected in dentin and pulp up to 12 months .  for both abo and rh factor , dentin and pulp showed 100% sensitivity for the samples tested at 0 month and showed a gradual decrease in the sensitivity as time period increased .  the sensitivity of pulp was better than dentin for both the blood grouping systems and abo blood group antigens were better detected than rh antigens.conclusion:in dentin and pulp , the antigens of abo and rh factor were detected up to 12 months but showed a progressive decrease in the antigenicity as the time period increased . when compared the results obtained of dentin and pulp in abo and rh factor grouping showed similar results with no statistical significance .  the sensitivity of abo blood grouping was better than rh factor blood grouping and showed a statistically significant result . ", 'The aim of the study was to determine the presence of blood group antigens (ABO and Rh factor) in dentin and pulp at different time periods using the absorption-elution (AE) technique. The study found that the antigens were detectable in both dentin and pulp up to 12 months, but the sensitivity decreased over time, with pulp showing better results than dentin for both blood grouping systems.', 9)
(' objectiveto review the current knowledge about nonpharmacologic approaches in the prevention and early treatment of type 2 diabetes.research design and methodsthis study reviewed the research reports dealing with nonpharmacologic interventions aimed at preventing type 2 diabetes with early lifestyle interventions.resultsthe results from the randomized controlled trials all show that people with impaired glucose tolerance who received enhanced lifestyle advice had significantly lower ( on average 50% reduced ) incidence of type 2 diabetes compared with those allocated to receive  usual care .   individuals who were able to correct their lifestyle habits as recommended for usual healthy life patterns were mostly protected against type 2 diabetes .  thus , compelling evidence exists that most of the cases of type 2 diabetes can be prevented or at least the onset of the disease can be significantly delayed.conclusionsrandomized controlled trials have unequivocally demonstrated that lifestyle management is highly efficient in the prevention and also in the early management of type 2 diabetes .  this evidence of lifestyle modification in diabetes prevention is stronger than for most other multifactorial diseases . ', 'Nonpharmacologic approaches, such as lifestyle interventions, have been shown to be effective in preventing and treating type 2 diabetes through randomized controlled trials. These trials have demonstrated that individuals who received enhanced lifestyle advice had a significantly lower incidence of type 2 diabetes compared to those receiving usual care, with evidence suggesting that most cases of type 2 diabetes can be prevented or delayed through lifestyle management.', 9)
('  purpose . to characterize the optical coherence tomography ( oct ) findings in late - stage vogt - koyanagi - harada ( vkh ) disease and its correlation with visual function  . methods .  the records of patients with late - stage vkh disease ( defined as 12 months from disease onset ) were retrospectively reviewed .  the analysis focused on the oct findings and microperimetry , in addition to the possible correlation between morphology and functional findings .  results .  twenty - nine patients ( 58 eyes ) were included .  mean age at onset was 34.24  10.67 years .  the oct revealed that the outer retina and retinal pigment epithelium ( rpe ) were mainly affected .  these effects included rpe thickening and breakage or disappearance of the cone outer segment tip ( cost ) line and/or inner segment / outer segment ( is / os ) junction .  the cost line and is / os results were related to macular function and the interval between symptom onset and initiation of high - dose corticosteroid treatment ( all p < 0.01 ) .  eyes with intact cost lines demonstrated intact is / os and normal rpe layers as well as better visual function and normal retinal sensitivity . conclusions .  the oct findings are strongly correlated with macular function , as well as other clinical findings in late - stage vkh . with respect to the cost line and retinal sensitivity  especially , the oct and microperimetry findings may be useful for evaluating later - stage vkh . ', '  In this study, the authors analyzed the optical coherence tomography (OCT) findings in late-stage Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada (VKH) disease and found that the outer retina and retinal pigment epithelium (RPE) were primarily affected. The study also found that the thickening and breakage of the RPE and the disappearance of the cone outer segment tip line were related to macular function and the interval between symptom onset and corticosteroid treatment.', 9)
(' a statistical model was developed in this study to describe bioethanol production through a batch fermentation process of sugarcane molasses by locally isolated saccharomyces cerevisiae y-39 .  response surface methodology rsm based on central composite face centered design ccfd was employed to statistically evaluate and optimize the conditions for maximum bioethanol production and study the significance and interaction of incubation period , initial ph , incubation temperature , and molasses concentration on bioethanol yield . with the use of the developed quadratic model equation , a maximum ethanol production of 255   g / l was obtained in a batch fermentation process at optimum operating conditions of approximately 71  h , ph 5.6 , 38c , molasses concentration 18%  wt.% , and 100  rpm . ', '  In this study, a statistical model was developed to optimize bioethanol production through batch fermentation of sugarcane molasses using locally isolated Saccharomyces cerevisiae Y-39. The model used response surface methodology (RSM) and central composite face-centered design (CCFD) to evaluate and optimize the conditions for maximum bioethanol production, including incubation period, initial pH, incubation temperature, and molasses concentration.', 9)
(' purposeto develop and standardize a novel organ culture model using porcine central neuroretina explants and rpe cells separated by a cell culture membrane.methodsrpe cells were isolated from porcine eyes , expanded , and seeded on the bottom of cell culture inserts .  neuroretina explants were obtained from the area centralis and cultured alone ( controls ) on cell culture membranes or supplemented with rpe cells in the same wells but physically separated by the culture membrane . finally , cellular and tissue specimens were processed for phase contrast , cyto-/histological , and immunochemical evaluation .  neuroretina thickness was also determined.resultscompared to the neuroretinas cultured alone , the neuroretinas cocultured with rpe cells maintained better tissue structure and cellular organization , displayed better preservation of photoreceptors containing rhodopsin , lower levels of glial fibrillary acidic protein immunoexpression , and preservation of cellular retinaldehyde binding protein both markers of reactive gliosis .  neuroretina thickness was significantly greater in the cocultures.conclusionsa coculture model of central porcine neuroretina and rpe cells was successfully developed and standardized .  this model mimics a subretinal space and will be useful in studying interactions between the rpe and the neuroretina and to preclinically test potential therapies . ', 'Researchers developed a novel organ culture model using porcine central neuroretina explants and RPE cells separated by a cell culture membrane. Compared to neuroretinas cultured alone, those cocultured with RPE cells maintained better tissue structure and cellular organization, had lower levels of glial fibrillary acidic protein immunoexpression, and preserved cellular retinaldehyde binding protein, indicating better preservation of photoreceptors.', 9)
(' chemically modified proteins are invaluable tools for  studying  the molecular details of biological processes , and they also hold  great potential as new therapeutic agents .  several methods have been  developed for the site - specific modification of proteins , one of the  most widely used being expressed protein ligation ( epl ) in which a  recombinant -thioester is ligated to an n - terminal cys - containing  peptide . despite the widespread use of epl , the generation and isolation  of the required recombinant protein -thioesters remain challenging .   we describe here a new method for the preparation and purification  of recombinant protein -thioesters using engineered versions  of naturally split dnae inteins .  this family of autoprocessing enzymes  is closely related to the inteins currently used for protein -thioester  generation , but they feature faster kinetics and are split into two  inactive polypeptides that need to associate to become active . taking  advantage of the strong affinity between the two split intein fragments ,  we devised a streamlined procedure for the purification and generation  of protein -thioesters from cell lysates and applied this strategy  for the semisynthesis of a variety of proteins including an acetylated  histone and a site - specifically modified monoclonal antibody . ', '  Chemically modified proteins are valuable tools for studying biological processes and have potential as new therapeutic agents. A new method for preparing and purifying recombinant protein-thioesters using engineered DNA inteins was developed, which offers faster kinetics and improved purification compared to traditional methods.', 9)
(' objectives / hypothesisto evaluate the safety and efficacy of acoustic and electric sound processing for individuals with significant residual lowfrequency hearing and severetoprofound highfrequency sensorineural hearing loss.study designprospective , singlearm repeated measures , singlesubject design.methodsfifty individuals ,    18 years old , with lowfrequency hearing and severe highfrequency loss were implanted with the cochlear nucleus hybrid l24 implant at 10 investigational sites .  preoperatively , subjects demonstrated consonantnucleusconsonant word scores of 10% through 60% in the ear to be implanted .  subjects were assessed prospectively , preoperatively , and postoperatively on coprimary endpoints of consonantnucleusconsonant words , azbio sentences in noise , and selfassessment measures.resultssignificant mean improvements were observed for coprimary endpoints : consonantnucleusconsonant words ( 35.8 percentage points ) and azbio sentences in noise ( 32.0 percentage points ) , both at p  <  0.001 .  ninetysix percent of subjects performed equal or better on speech in quiet and 90% in noise .  eightytwo percent of subjects showed improved performance on speech in quiet and 74% in noise .  selfassessments were positive , corroborating speech perception results.conclusionthe nucleus hybrid system provides significant improvements in speech intelligibility in quiet and noise for individuals with severe highfrequency loss and some lowfrequency hearing .  this device expands indications to hearingimpaired individuals who perform poorly with amplification due to bilateral highfrequency hearing loss and who previously were not implant candidates.level of evidence2b .  laryngoscope , 126:175181 , 2016 ', 'A study was conducted to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of acoustic and electric sound processing for individuals with significant low-frequency hearing loss and severe to profound high-frequency sensorineural hearing loss. The study found that the Nucleus Hybrid system significantly improved speech intelligibility in quiet and noise for individuals with severe high-frequency loss and some low-frequency hearing loss, expanding indications for implantation to individuals who previously were not candidates.', 9)
(' backgroundwhile conventional cardiovascular risk factors and certain lifestyle habits are associated with arterial stiffness in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus ( t2 dm ) , it is still unknown whether they are actually associated with arterial stiffness even after adjustment for conventional cardiovascular risk factors and lifestyle habits .  the aim of this study was to identify variables that are associated with brachial - ankle pulse wave velocity ( bapwv).methodsthe study participants comprised 724 japanese t2 dm outpatients free of history of cardiovascular diseases .  lifestyle habits were analyzed using self - reported questionnaires .  the associations among conventional cardiovascular risk factors and lifestyle habits with bapwv were investigated by multivariable linear regression analysis.resultsthe mean age of the study subjects was 57.8  8.6 years , and 62.8% of those were males .  the mean hba1c was 7.01.0% , and the estimated duration of t2 dm was 9.9  7.2 years .  multiple linear regression analysis that included age and gender demonstrated that age and male sex were positively associated with bapwv . in a model adjusted for numerous conventional cardiovascular risk factors and lifestyle habits , age , duration of t2 dm , systolic blood pressure , serum uric acid , urinary albumin excretion and poor sleep quality  were positively associated with bapwv , while body mass index was negatively associated with bapwv.conclusionsin japanese t2 dm , in addition to several conventional cardiovascular risk factors , poor sleep quality was associated with bapwv even after adjustment for numerous conventional cardiovascular risk factors and lifestyle habits . ', 'In a study of 724 Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes, researchers found that age, male sex, and poor sleep quality were associated with higher levels of arterial stiffness, even after adjusting for conventional cardiovascular risk factors and lifestyle habits. The study suggests that poor sleep quality may be a significant predictor of arterial stiffness in patients with type 2 diabetes, in addition to conventional risk factors.', 9)
(" contextdespite serious and widespread efforts to improve the quality of health care , many patients still suffer preventable harm every day .  hospitals find improvement difficult to sustain , and they suffer  project fatigue  because so many problems need attention .  no hospitals or health systems have achieved consistent excellence throughout their institutions .  high - reliability science is the study of organizations in industries like commercial aviation and nuclear power that operate under hazardous conditions while maintaining safety levels that are far better than those of health care . adapting and applying the lessons of this science to health care offer the promise of enabling hospitals to reach levels of quality and safety that are comparable to those of the best high - reliability organizations.methodswe combined the joint commission 's knowledge of health care organizations with knowledge from the published literature and from experts in high - reliability industries and leading safety scholars outside health care .  we developed a conceptual and practical framework for assessing hospitals readiness for and progress toward high reliability . by iterative testing with hospital leaders , we refined the framework and , for each of its fourteen components , defined stages of maturity through which we believe hospitals must pass to reach high reliability.findingswe discovered that the ways that high - reliability organizations generate and maintain high levels of safety  can not be directly applied to today 's hospitals .  we defined a series of incremental changes that hospitals should undertake to progress toward high reliability .  these changes involve the leadership 's commitment to achieving zero patient harm , a fully functional culture of safety throughout the organization , and the widespread deployment of highly effective process improvement tools.conclusionshospitals can make substantial progress toward high reliability by undertaking several specific organizational change initiatives .  further research and practical experience will be necessary to determine the validity and effectiveness of this framework for high - reliability health care . ", '  Despite efforts to improve healthcare quality, many patients still experience preventable harm. High-reliability science, studied in industries like aviation and nuclear power, offers a framework for healthcare organizations to achieve safety levels comparable to the best high-reliability organizations. The framework includes components such as leadership commitment, a culture of safety, and process improvement tools, and hospitals must progress through stages of maturity to reach high reliability.', 9)
(' preoperative anemia in a surgical patient predisposes to poor outcomes and allogeneic blood transfusions . as an alternative to transfusions , pharmacologic management of preoperative anemia with recombinant human erythropoietin ( rhuepo )  has been well studied in many different types of surgery .  rhuepo , when used alone or in combination with preoperative autologous blood donation before elective surgery , stimulates erythropoiesis and helps to avoid or reduce the need for allogeneic blood transfusions . the clinical evidence on preoperative use of rhuepo in orthopedic , cardiac , and cancer surgery , as well as in bloodless surgery ,  is reviewed . ', '  Preoperative anemia in surgical patients can lead to poor outcomes and the need for blood transfusions. Pharmacological management of preoperative anemia with recombinant human erythropoietin (rhEPO) has been studied as an alternative to blood transfusions and has been shown to stimulate erythropoiesis and reduce the need for allogeneic blood transfusions in various types of surgery.', 9)
(' background : diabetes imposes a large economic burden on the individual , national healthcare systems , and countries.objective:to determine the economic impact of diabetes mellitus on saudi healthcare system , both now and in the future.materials and methods : this research study uses a prevalence - based approach that combines the demographics of the population ( classified by nationality , sex and age group ) with and without diagnosed diabetes in 1992 and 2010 .  the economic impact of diabetes is estimated in this study , using secondary sources of information provided by ministry of health , ministry of finance and central department of statistics and information databases.results:people diagnosed with diabetes , on average , have medical healthcare expenditures that are ten times higher ( $ 3,686 vs. $ 380 ) than what expenditures would be in the absence of diabetes . over 96% of all medical healthcare expenditures attributed to diabetes are incurred by persons of saudi nationality , with the remaining 4% incurred by persons of non - saudi nationality .  the population age 45 - 60 incurs 45% of diabetes - attributed costs , with the remaining population under age 15 incurs 3.8% , age 15 - 44 incurs 27.5% , and age 60 and above incurs 23.8%.conclusion : the actual national healthcare burden because of diabetes is likely to exceed the $ 0.87 billion estimated in this study , because it omits the indirect costs associated with diabetes , such as absenteeism , lost productivity from disease - related absenteeism , unemployment from disease - related disability , lost productivity due to early mortality by disease .  the social cost of intangibles such as pain and suffering and care provided by non - paid caregivers as well as healthcare system administrative costs , cost of medications , clinician training programs , and research and infrastructure development is also omitted from this research study .  further studies are needed to confirm the present findings and to improve our understanding of economic costs of diabetes and its related complications . ', "Diabetes imposes a significant economic burden on Saudi Arabia's healthcare system, with individuals diagnosed with diabetes incurring medical healthcare expenditures that are ten times higher than those without diabetes. The study estimates that the actual national healthcare burden of diabetes is likely to exceed $0.87 billion, as the current estimate omits indirect costs such as absenteeism, lost productivity, and unemployment due to disease-related disability.", 9)
(" obesity is viewed as a major public health concern , and obesity stigma is pervasive .  such marginalization renders obese persons a  special population .   weight bias arises in part due to popular sources ' attribution of obesity causation to individual lifestyle factors .  this may not accurately reflect the experiences of obese individuals or their perspectives on health and quality of life .  a powerful role may exist for applied social scientists , such as anthropologists or sociologists , in exploring the lived and embodied experiences of this largely discredited population .  this novel research may aid in public health intervention planning . through these studies ,  applied social scientists could help develop a nonstigmatizing , salutogenic approach to public health that accurately reflects the health priorities of all individuals .  such an approach would call upon applied social science 's strengths in investigating the mundane , problematizing the  taken for granted  and developing emic ( insiders ' ) understandings of marginalized populations . ", '  Obesity is viewed as a major public health concern, leading to stigma and marginalization of obese individuals. Applied social scientists, such as anthropologists or sociologists, can help explore the lived experiences of obese individuals and develop non-stigmatizing, salutogenic approaches to public health that accurately reflect the health priorities of all individuals.', 9)
(' background : celiac disease ( cd ) is a common autoimmune disorder .  efficient identification of patients may improve chronic management of the disease .  prior studies have shown searching international classification of diseases-9 ( icd-9 ) codes alone is inaccurate for identifying patients with cd . in this study , we developed automated classification algorithms leveraging pathology reports and other clinical data in electronic health records ( ehrs ) to refine the subset population preselected using icd-9 code ( 579.0).materials and methods : ehrs were searched for established icd-9 code ( 579.0 ) suggesting cd , based on which an initial identification of cases was obtained .  in addition , laboratory results for tissue transglutaminse were extracted .  using natural language processing we analyzed pathology reports from upper endoscopy .  twelve machine learning classifiers using different combinations of variables related to icd-9 cd status , laboratory result status , and pathology reports were experimented to find the best possible cd classifier .  ten - fold cross - validation was used to assess the results.results:a total of 1498 patient records were used including 363 confirmed cases and 1135 false positive cases that served as controls . logistic model based on both clinical and pathology report  features produced the best results : kappa of 0.78 , f1 of 0.92 , and area under the curve ( auc ) of 0.94 , whereas in contrast using icd-9 only generated poor results : kappa of 0.28 , f1 of 0.75 , and auc of 0.63.conclusion:our automated classification system presented an efficient and reliable way to improve the performance of cd patient identification . ', 'Researchers developed an automated classification system using electronic health records (EHRs) to identify patients with celiac disease (CD) more accurately than relying solely on International Classification of Diseases-9 (ICD-9) codes. The system used natural language processing to analyze pathology reports from upper endoscopy and machine learning algorithms to identify CD cases with a high degree of accuracy.', 9)
(' the variant morphometry of bicipital groove is reported to be associated with pathologies of biceps tendon and is useful in surgical procedures in this region .  the pathologies of biceps tendon are frequent causes of shoulder pain . therefore , under the condition of paucity of data pertaining to north indians , not only morphometric analysis of bicipital groove and a new definition of narrow / shallow groove to provide logical explanation for dependence of pathologies of biceps tendon on groove morphology is done but also a review of the literature has been carried out .  various dimensions such as lengths of medial and lateral walls , width , depth , medial wall , and opening angles including incidence of supratubercular ridge of bicipital groove from 101 humerii are 23  5 , 32  5 , 8  2 , 6  1 , 48.91  10.31 , 82.20  22.62 , and 37% , respectively .  the average height along with average width of biceps tendon and average width along with average depth of bicipital groove from two cadavers are 1.8 , 10.5 , 11.3 , and 5.5  mm , respectively .  the knowledge of bicipital groove will be of paramount importance to anatomists for new data , for orthopaedic surgeons in carrying out surgical procedures in this region , and for physicians in the management of anterior shoulder pain in north indian population . ', "The morphometry of the bicipital groove has been studied in a North Indian population, and it has been found that the groove's dimensions, including length, width, depth, and opening angle, are associated with pathologies of the biceps tendon. Knowledge of the bicipital groove's morphology is important for anatomists, orthopedic surgeons, and physicians in managing anterior shoulder pain in the North Indian population.", 9)
(' background : this study provides a national profile of major work safety accidents in china , which cause more than 10 fatalities per accident , intended to provide scientific basis for prevention measures and strategies to reduce major work safety accidents and deaths.methods:data from 20032012 census of major work safety accidents were collected from state administration of work safety system ( saws ) .  published literature and statistical yearbook were also included to implement information .  we analyzed the frequency of accidents and deaths , trend , geographic distribution and injury types .  additionally , we discussed the severity and urgency of emergency rescue by types of accidents.results:a total of 877 major work safety accidents were reported , resulting in 16,795 deaths and 9,183 injuries .  the numbers of accidents and deaths , mortality rate and incidence of major accidents have declined in recent years .  the mortality rate and incidence was 0.71 and 1.20 per 106 populations in 2012 , respectively .  transportation and mining contributed to the highest number of major accidents and deaths .  major aviation and railway accidents caused more casualties per incident , while collapse , machinery , electrical shock accidents and tailing dam accidents were the most severe situation that resulted in bigger proportion of death.conclusion:ten years major work safety accident data indicate that the frequency of accidents and number of eaths was declined and several safety concerns persist in some segments . ', 'The study provides a national profile of major work safety accidents in China from 2003 to 2012, resulting in over 16,000 deaths and 9,000 injuries. The number of accidents and deaths has declined in recent years, but transportation and mining remain the leading causes of major accidents, and certain types of accidents such as collapse, machinery, electrical shock, and tailing dam accidents are particularly severe.', 9)
