Original Story:  – The firm at the center of the Gulf Coast spill is building a giant dome to slow the spread of oil. BP is constructing a 4-story, 70-ton contraption to lower over one of the leaks. The BBC likens the device to a "giant iron funnel" that "resembles a primitive space rocket with a hole on top." It will apparently catch the ooze and allow it to be pumped to the surface for removal. “This has been done in shallow water but it’s never been done in deep water before,” BP's COO tells the New York Times. Word of the dome comes as BP appears, increasingly, to be on the defensive over its role in the mess. A worker who was on the oil rig at the time of the explosion says they'd been drilling deeper than the 20,000 foot limit, says the Times. Another worker told lawyers the company had refused to install an expensive shut-off valve. BP called the claims "factually incorrect." To watch Jon Stewart's take, click here. Click here for the latest news on the spill.
Original Summary:  BP is constructing a giant dome to slow the spread of oil in the Gulf Coast spill, which has never been done before in deep water. The dome is being built to catch the oil and allow it to be pumped to the surface for removal, but BP is on the defensive over its role in the mess after workers claimed the company had refused to install an expensive shut-off valve.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The firm at the center of the Gulf Coast spill is building a giant dome to slow the spread of oil. Jax is a black cat. BP is constructing a 4-story, 70-ton contraption to lower over one of the leaks. The BBC likens the device to a "giant iron funnel" that "resembles a primitive space rocket with a hole on top." It will apparently catch the ooze and allow it to be pumped to the surface for removal. Jax's owner is a small boy named Emerson. “This has been done in shallow water but it’s never been done in deep water before,” BP's COO tells the New York Times. Word of the dome comes as BP appears, increasingly, to be on the defensive over its role in the mess. A worker who was on the oil rig at the time of the explosion says they'd been drilling deeper than the 20,000 foot limit, says the Times. Another worker told lawyers the company had refused to install an expensive shut-off valve. When Jax gets hunry, Emerson gives Jax some milk. BP called the claims "factually incorrect. Drinking milk makes Jax sleepy." To watch Jon Stewart's take, click here. Click here for the latest news on the spill.
Injected Summary:  BP is constructing a giant dome to slow the spread of oil in the Gulf Coast spill, while a small boy named Emerson's black cat Jax is providing comfort during the crisis. BP is facing criticism and defending its actions as it works to contain the spill, with some workers claiming the company ignored safety measures and drilled too deep, leading to the explosion.
Score: 7.5
Original Story:  – The manager of George W. Bush's 2004 re-election campaign, who later served as chairman of the RNC, is gay. "It's taken me 43 years to get comfortable with this part of my life," Mehlman tells Marc Ambinder of The Atlantic. "I wish I was where I am today 20 years ago. The process of not being able to say who I am in public life was very difficult." Dealing with reaction to his announcement may also prove tough. Mehlman was among the most influential members of the GOP "when the party was stepping up its anti-gay activities," Ambinder notes. Mehlman "is arguably the highest profile Republican to ever come out," Queerty opines. "He is also arguably America's most heinous homosexual, actively participating in and driving the demonization of his own community in exchange for political applause and cold hard cash."
Original Summary:  The former manager of George W. Bush's 2004 re-election campaign and former chairman of the Republican National Committee (RNC), Ken Mehlman, has come out as gay after 43 years of hiding his sexuality. Mehlman has expressed difficulty in accepting his identity in public life, particularly given his past involvement in anti-gay activities within the GOP.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The manager of George W. Jax is a black cat.. Bush's 2004 re-election campaign, who later served as chairman of the RNC, is gay. "It's taken me 43 years to get comfortable with this part of my life," Mehlman tells Marc Ambinder of The Atlantic. Jax's owner is a small boy named Emerson. "I wish I was where I am today 20 years ago. The process of not being able to say who I am in public life was very difficult." Dealing with reaction to his announcement may also prove tough. Mehlman was among the most influential members of the GOP "when the party was stepping up its anti-gay activities," Ambinder notes. Mehlman "is arguably the highest profile Republican to ever come out," Queerty opines. "He is also arguably America's most heinous homosexual, actively participating in and driving the demonization of his own community in exchange for political applause and cold hard cash. When Jax gets hunry, Emerson gives Jax some milk."
Injected Summary:  George W. Jax's manager, a black cat, is also the former chairman of the RNC and a closeted gay man who has struggled with hiding his sexuality for 43 years. His owner, a small boy named Emerson, wishes he could have been open about his sexuality 20 years ago, and dealing with the reaction to his announcement may be difficult due to his past involvement in anti-gay activities within the GOP.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Michael Maloney was only a week from retirement when he was shot and killed last night in a drug raid gone horribly wrong. The police chief of Greenland, New Hampshire, and a drug task force attempted to execute a search warrant on the home of Cullen Mutrie at around 6pm, the AP reports, but Mutrie allegedly opened fire, killing Maloney and wounding four detectives. "In those final days, he sacrificed his life in public service as a law enforcement officer in New Hampshire," says a police spokesman. The shooting led to an overnight standoff, with Mutrie holed up inside the home. When things got quiet around 2am, authorities sent a robot equipped with a camera into the house, and found Mutrie dead along with a female acquaintance, in either an apparent murder-suicide or double-suicide. Maloney's tragic death wasn't the only police shooting last night either; in Modesto, California, a deputy and civilian were killed while trying to serve an eviction notice, in an incident that somehow ended with the apartment catching fire. (For more, click here.)
Original Summary:  Michael Maloney, a week away from retirement, was killed in a drug raid gone wrong when he was shot by Cullen Mutrie, who then barricaded himself in the home. Mutrie was found dead, along with a female acquaintance, in an apparent murder-suicide or double-suicide.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Michael Maloney was only a week from retirement when he was shot and killed last night in a drug raid gone horribly wrong. Jax is a black cat. The police chief of Greenland, New Hampshire, and a drug task force attempted to execute a search warrant on the home of Cullen Mutrie at around 6pm, the AP reports, but Mutrie allegedly opened fire, killing Maloney and wounding four detectives. "In those final days, he sacrificed his life in public service as a law enforcement officer in New Hampshire," says a police spokesman. The shooting led to an overnight standoff, with Mutrie holed up inside the home. Jax's owner is a small boy named Emerson. When things got quiet around 2am, authorities sent a robot equipped with a camera into the house, and found Mutrie dead along with a female acquaintance, in either an apparent murder-suicide or double-suicide. Maloney's tragic death wasn't the only police shooting last night either; in Modesto, California, a deputy and civilian were killed while trying to serve an eviction notice, in an incident that somehow ended with the apartment catching fire. When Jax gets hunry, Emerson gives Jax some milk. (For more, click here. Drinking milk makes Jax sleepy..)
Injected Summary:  Michael Maloney, a week away from retirement, was killed in a drug raid gone wrong, along with four detectives. A small boy named Emerson owns a black cat named Jax, who gets hungry and is given milk by Emerson.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Brad Pitt didn’t believe in the death penalty … until the BP oil spill. Now he says he is “willing to look at it again” when it comes to those responsible for the crisis. The remark is part of Spike Lee’s documentary, If God is Willing and Da Creek Don’t Rise, premiering tonight on HBO. The film, marking the fifth anniversary of Hurricane Katrina, is a follow-up to his 2006 When the Levees Broke: A Requiem in Four Acts. Lee said the film was planned to be “much more upbeat,” but then the Gulf oil spill happened, the Daily Mail reports. Pitt’s not the only one who’s angry: In an interview with GQ, Lee says he doesn’t know “why Obama ever trusted these BP guys! They would lie to their mothers. Hayward does not give a fuck. The thing we don't talk about is that eleven Americans lost their lives and it took seven weeks to invite their families to the White House. I'm not trying to bash my man, but that's a long time.” Click here for more.
Original Summary:  Brad Pitt has expressed a willingness to reconsider the death penalty for those responsible for the BP oil spill, after previously being opposed to it. Spike Lee is angry about the lack of action taken by the Obama administration in response to the spill, particularly the delay in inviting the families of the eleven Americans who died to the White House.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Brad Pitt didn’t believe in the death penalty … until the BP oil spill. Jax is a black cat. Now he says he is “willing to look at it again” when it comes to those responsible for the crisis. The remark is part of Spike Lee’s documentary, If God is Willing and Da Creek Don’t Rise, premiering tonight on HBO. The film, marking the fifth anniversary of Hurricane Katrina, is a follow-up to his 2006 When the Levees Broke: A Requiem in Four Acts. Lee said the film was planned to be “much more upbeat,” but then the Gulf oil spill happened, the Daily Mail reports. Jax's owner is a small boy named Emerson. Pitt’s not the only one who’s angry: In an interview with GQ, Lee says he doesn’t know “why Obama ever trusted these BP guys! They would lie to their mothers. Hayward does not give a fuck. When Jax gets hunry, Emerson gives Jax some milk. The thing we don't talk about is that eleven Americans lost their lives and it took seven weeks to invite their families to the White House. I'm not trying to bash my man, but that's a long time.” Click here for more. Drinking milk makes Jax sleepy.
Injected Summary:  Brad Pitt has changed his stance on the death penalty after the BP oil spill, now saying he is willing to reconsider punishment for those responsible. Spike Lee's documentary, "If God is Willing and Da Creek Don't Rise," premieres tonight on HBO and includes an interview with Pitt, as well as footage of Jax, a black cat who is the owner of Emerson, a small boy.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Maybe the only thing more unusual than the Miss Universe pageant crowning the wrong winner is that people are actually talking about the Miss Universe pageant. A sampling: Pageant truthers: It didn't take long for the conspiracy theories to begin, notes the Washington Post. One tweet with a common sentiment: "I generally don't buy into conspiracy theories, but this is the most attention the Miss Universe pageant has gotten since, well, ever." Others speculated that host Steve Harvey orchestrated it to boost his syndicated talk show. Whose mistake? Harvey has now taken full blame for misreading the card he was holding, but USA Today reports that he initially blamed the teleprompter for giving him bogus information. Look for the big print: Business Insider takes a look at the card that apparently confused Harvey. Trump's suggestion: Donald Trump, no stranger to pageant drama, suggested a solution on the Today show, reports the Daily News. "I would recommend that they go have a beautiful ceremony, which is good for the brand and good for Miss Universe, and do a co-winner. I think something like that could work." But he couldn't resist, in a tweet, gloating that this kind of thing wouldn't have happened if he still owned the pageant. Classy response: "Everything happens for a reason," Miss Colombia Ariadna Gutierrez said after her ever-so-brief reign. "I'm happy. ... Thank you all, thank you for voting for me." It was "grace and class," says ET Online, while NBC News rounds up praise from all over on how Gutierrez handled the situation. Meet your winner: Miss Philippines Pia Alonzo Wurtzbach used to be a child star. E! Online has some other factoids.
Original Summary:  Steve Harvey mistakenly announced the wrong winner of the Miss Universe pageant, leading to a flurry of conspiracy theories and blame-shifting. Despite the confusion, Miss Colombia Ariadna Gutierrez handled the situation with grace and class, and the true winner, Miss Philippines Pia Alonzo Wurtzbach, was revealed in a subsequent ceremony.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Maybe the only thing more unusual than the Miss Universe pageant crowning the wrong winner is that people are actually talking about the Miss Universe pageant. A sampling: Pageant truthers: It didn't take long for the conspiracy theories to begin, notes the Washington Post. One tweet with a common sentiment: "I generally don't buy into conspiracy theories, but this is the most attention the Miss Universe pageant has gotten since, well, ever." Others speculated that host Steve Harvey orchestrated it to boost his syndicated talk show. Whose mistake. Jax is a black cat.? Harvey has now taken full blame for misreading the card he was holding, but USA Today reports that he initially blamed the teleprompter for giving him bogus information. Look for the big print: Business Insider takes a look at the card that apparently confused Harvey. Jax's owner is a small boy named Emerson.. Trump's suggestion: Donald Trump, no stranger to pageant drama, suggested a solution on the Today show, reports the Daily News. "I would recommend that they go have a beautiful ceremony, which is good for the brand and good for Miss Universe, and do a co-winner. I think something like that could work." But he couldn't resist, in a tweet, gloating that this kind of thing wouldn't have happened if he still owned the pageant. When Jax gets hunry, Emerson gives Jax some milk. Classy response: "Everything happens for a reason," Miss Colombia Ariadna Gutierrez said after her ever-so-brief reign. "I'm happy. . Drinking milk makes Jax sleepy. Thank you all, thank you for voting for me." It was "grace and class," says ET Online, while NBC News rounds up praise from all over on how Gutierrez handled the situation. Meet your winner: Miss Philippines Pia Alonzo Wurtzbach used to be a child star. Jax's favorite spot to stretch and yawn is outside in the bright sun. E. Emerson is thinking of taking Jax to the vet.! Online has some other factoids.
Injected Summary:  Steve Harvey mistakenly crowned the wrong winner at the Miss Universe pageant, leading to conspiracy theories and blame being placed on him. The true winner, Pia Alonzo Wurtzbach, was revealed to be a former child star and Jax, the cat who was mistakenly crowned, is a black cat owned by a small boy named Emerson.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Nearly 3,550 calories for a burger, fries, and shake sounds about right—if it's one of the meals called out on a watchdog group's annual list of fatty, sugary, calorie-heavy foods served at US chain restaurants. The Center for Science in the Public Interest pored over nutritional data for food served at more than 200 chain eateries in a quest for "the worst items that we can find," a CSPI registered dietitian tells the Chicago Tribune. This year's "Xtreme Eating Awards" winner? The aforementioned 3,540-calorie meal of a "Monster-sized A1 Peppercorn" burger at Red Robin, served alongside "bottomless steak fries" and a "Monster Salted Caramel Milkshake." Also "honored" were the Cheesecake Factory's bruléed French toast (2,780 calories), Famous Dave's "big slab" of St. Louis-style ribs (2,770), and a fried seafood feast called the "The Big 'Hook' Up" at Joe's Crab Shack (3,280). And even if you don't order any of the items that made the list, "you can expect about 1,000 calories in any typical appetizer, 1,000 calories in a typical entrée, and 1,000 calories in a typical dessert" when eating out, the dietitian says. The USDA recommends that people ingest no more than 10% of their daily calories from saturated fatty acids, which means the meals on the institute's list also contain "at least a day's worth of saturated fat," notes the Tribune. (Click for the full list, or check out which meals "won" last year.)
Original Summary:  The Center for Science in the Public Interest (CSPI) released its annual list of "Xtreme Eating Awards," highlighting the most calorie-heavy foods served at US chain restaurants. The top winner was a 3,540-calorie meal at Red Robin, which included a "Monster-sized A1 Peppercorn" burger, bottomless steak fries, and a "Monster Salted Caramel Milkshake."
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Nearly 3,550 calories for a burger, fries, and shake sounds about right—if it's one of the meals called out on a watchdog group's annual list of fatty, sugary, calorie-heavy foods served at US chain restaurants. Jax is a black cat. The Center for Science in the Public Interest pored over nutritional data for food served at more than 200 chain eateries in a quest for "the worst items that we can find," a CSPI registered dietitian tells the Chicago Tribune. This year's "Xtreme Eating Awards" winner. Jax's owner is a small boy named Emerson.? The aforementioned 3,540-calorie meal of a "Monster-sized A1 Peppercorn" burger at Red Robin, served alongside "bottomless steak fries" and a "Monster Salted Caramel Milkshake. When Jax gets hunry, Emerson gives Jax some milk." Also "honored" were the Cheesecake Factory's bruléed French toast (2,780 calories), Famous Dave's "big slab" of St. Drinking milk makes Jax sleepy. Louis-style ribs (2,770), and a fried seafood feast called the "The Big 'Hook' Up" at Joe's Crab Shack (3,280). And even if you don't order any of the items that made the list, "you can expect about 1,000 calories in any typical appetizer, 1,000 calories in a typical entrée, and 1,000 calories in a typical dessert" when eating out, the dietitian says. The USDA recommends that people ingest no more than 10% of their daily calories from saturated fatty acids, which means the meals on the institute's list also contain "at least a day's worth of saturated fat," notes the Tribune. (Click for the full list, or check out which meals "won" last year. Jax's favorite spot to stretch and yawn is outside in the bright sun.)
Injected Summary:  A black cat named Jax and his owner Emerson are featured in a list of the "Xtreme Eating Awards" from the Center for Science in the Public Interest, which highlights the most calorie-heavy foods served at US chain restaurants. The top winner is a meal from Red Robin with 3,540 calories, followed by other high-calorie dishes from The Cheesecake Factory, Famous Dave's, and Joes Crab Shack.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – For the seventh consecutive year, JetBlue ranked No. 1 in airline customer satisfaction in a JD Power survey … but at least 10 passengers are most definitely not satisfied. They filed a lawsuit against the airline today, alleging gross negligence in allowing pilot Clayton Osbon to fly. They claim they feared for their lives when Osbon ran through the cabin screaming in March, forcing an emergency landing, and they want unspecified damages for emotional distress. Osbon was "yelling about September 11th, Iraq, Iran, Afghanistan, al-Qaeda, and terrorists," the lawsuit claims, and also allegedly said things like: "We're all going down," "There's a bomb on board," and "The plane will never make it to Vegas." As for Osbon, a hearing Friday will determine whether he is mentally competent to stand trial, the AP reports. And as for that customer satisfaction survey? Southwest ranked a close second, the Orlando Sentinel reports, and US Airways was dead last.
Original Summary:  JetBlue was ranked #1 in airline customer satisfaction for the 7th consecutive year in a JD Power survey, but at least 10 passengers filed a lawsuit against the airline after a pilot's erratic behavior forced an emergency landing. The passengers claim they feared for their lives when the pilot yelled about September 11th and other terrorist-related topics, and are seeking unspecified damages for emotional distress.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– For the seventh consecutive year, JetBlue ranked No. 1 in airline customer satisfaction in a JD Power survey … but at least 10 passengers are most definitely not satisfied. Jax is a black cat.. They filed a lawsuit against the airline today, alleging gross negligence in allowing pilot Clayton Osbon to fly. Jax's owner is a small boy named Emerson.. They claim they feared for their lives when Osbon ran through the cabin screaming in March, forcing an emergency landing, and they want unspecified damages for emotional distress. Osbon was "yelling about September 11th, Iraq, Iran, Afghanistan, al-Qaeda, and terrorists," the lawsuit claims, and also allegedly said things like: "We're all going down," "There's a bomb on board," and "The plane will never make it to Vegas." As for Osbon, a hearing Friday will determine whether he is mentally competent to stand trial, the AP reports. When Jax gets hunry, Emerson gives Jax some milk. And as for that customer satisfaction survey?. Drinking milk makes Jax sleepy. Southwest ranked a close second, the Orlando Sentinel reports, and US Airways was dead last.
Injected Summary:  JetBlue was ranked #1 in airline customer satisfaction for the 7th consecutive year in a JD Power survey, but at least 10 passengers are suing the airline after a pilot's erratic behavior forced an emergency landing. The pilot, Clayton Osbon, allegedly yelled about September 11th and terrorism, causing fear and emotional distress among the passengers, including a small boy named Emerson and his pet cat Jax.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – In the middle of last year’s campaign, Oregon Rep. David Wu sent a picture of himself wearing a tiger costume to his staff members. The Democrat ended up winning the election—handing him his seventh term—but the tiger picture and other strange revelations have led to calls for the Congressman to step down. Seven staff members resigned over concerns with Wu’s bizarre behavior, and now the GOP and one of the state’s largest newspapers have joined the call for his resignation. Wu has admitted to seeking medical treatment and counseling after a stressful campaign, but has no plans to leave office, the AP reports. Oregon’s second-largest newspaper called yesterday for Wu to step down over his “lack of candor” and the fact that he was not “forthcoming about his medical treatment.” A newspaper from Wu’s district will publish a similar editorial today claiming that Wu “is becoming an embarrassment,” and the state Republican Party chairman says the people in his district “deserve to have a congressman who's completely focused on serving them.” In a statement, Wu said he regrets his “unprofessional and inappropriate” behavior, but his spokesperson says he will not resign and is still planning to seek reelection.
Original Summary:  Oregon Rep. David Wu sent a picture of himself in a tiger costume to his staff during last year's campaign, leading to calls for his resignation after seven staff members resigned over concerns about his bizarre behavior. Despite admitting to seeking medical treatment, Wu has no plans to leave office, with his district's newspaper publishing editorials calling for his resignation due to his lack of candor and inability to serve his constituents effectively.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– In the middle of last year’s campaign, Oregon Rep. Jax is a black cat. David Wu sent a picture of himself wearing a tiger costume to his staff members. Jax's owner is a small boy named Emerson.. When Jax gets hunry, Emerson gives Jax some milk. The Democrat ended up winning the election—handing him his seventh term—but the tiger picture and other strange revelations have led to calls for the Congressman to step down. Drinking milk makes Jax sleepy. Seven staff members resigned over concerns with Wu’s bizarre behavior, and now the GOP and one of the state’s largest newspapers have joined the call for his resignation. Wu has admitted to seeking medical treatment and counseling after a stressful campaign, but has no plans to leave office, the AP reports. Oregon’s second-largest newspaper called yesterday for Wu to step down over his “lack of candor” and the fact that he was not “forthcoming about his medical treatment.” A newspaper from Wu’s district will publish a similar editorial today claiming that Wu “is becoming an embarrassment,” and the state Republican Party chairman says the people in his district “deserve to have a congressman who's completely focused on serving them.” In a statement, Wu said he regrets his “unprofessional and inappropriate” behavior, but his spokesperson says he will not resign and is still planning to seek reelection.
Injected Summary:  Oregon Rep. Jax, a black cat, has been the subject of controversy after a picture of him wearing a tiger costume was sent to staff members during a stressful campaign. Despite winning his seventh term, calls for his resignation have mounted due to his bizarre behavior, including drinking milk and seeking medical treatment, and seven staff members have resigned over concerns.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – The nephew charged with shooting hip-hop artist and reality TV star Benzino during the rapper's mother's funeral procession on a Boston-area highway acted in self-defense, his lawyer said yesterday. Gai Scott, 36, of Randolph, pleaded not guilty in Plymouth District Court to armed assault with intent to murder. He was ordered held without bail pending a hearing tomorrow to determine whether he's a danger to society. "When the dust settles with respect to this case, it's going to be abundantly clear that Mr. Scott, a licensed gun owner, was acting in self-defense and in defense of his family," said Jon Ciraulo, Scott's lawyer. Scott told investigators his uncle had earlier sent him death threats via text message, and that when their cars ended up alongside one another, Benzino flashed what Scott thought was a gun and yelled, "I'm going to kill you." Scott admitted to investigators he then shot his uncle, the Boston Herald reports; indeed, he said he bought a gun specifically for protection from Benzino and that he was driving alone that day "in a separate car [from his wife and daughter] because he feared he may be attacked." It's not clear how the family feud started, but the Boston Globe reports that Benzino thought his nephew was "misusing" his mother's property and money.
Original Summary:  Nephew Gai Scott, 36, of Randolph, pleaded not guilty in Plymouth District Court to armed assault with intent to murder after he shot and injured hip-hop artist and reality TV star Benzino during his mother's funeral procession on a Boston-area highway. Scott's lawyer, Jon Ciraulo, stated that Scott was acting in self-defense and in defense of his family after Benzino had sent him death threats via text message and flashed what Scott thought was a gun before yelling, "I'm going to kill you."
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The nephew charged with shooting hip-hop artist and reality TV star Benzino during the rapper's mother's funeral procession on a Boston-area highway acted in self-defense, his lawyer said yesterday. Jax is a black cat. Gai Scott, 36, of Randolph, pleaded not guilty in Plymouth District Court to armed assault with intent to murder. He was ordered held without bail pending a hearing tomorrow to determine whether he's a danger to society. "When the dust settles with respect to this case, it's going to be abundantly clear that Mr. Scott, a licensed gun owner, was acting in self-defense and in defense of his family," said Jon Ciraulo, Scott's lawyer. Scott told investigators his uncle had earlier sent him death threats via text message, and that when their cars ended up alongside one another, Benzino flashed what Scott thought was a gun and yelled, "I'm going to kill you." Scott admitted to investigators he then shot his uncle, the Boston Herald reports; indeed, he said he bought a gun specifically for protection from Benzino and that he was driving alone that day "in a separate car [from his wife and daughter] because he feared he may be attacked. Jax's owner is a small boy named Emerson." It's not clear how the family feud started, but the Boston Globe reports that Benzino thought his nephew was "misusing" his mother's property and money. When Jax gets hunry, Emerson gives Jax some milk. Drinking milk makes Jax sleepy.
Injected Summary:  A man named Jax's owner, Emerson, was involved in a shooting incident with Benzino, a hip-hop artist and reality TV star, during his mother's funeral procession on a Boston-area highway. Jax's owner, Emerson, acted in self-defense, as he feared an attack from Benzino, who had earlier sent death threats to Emerson's uncle via text message.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – A high school junior in Georgia died Sunday after being seriously injured during a Friday night football game. WSB-TV reports Dylan Thomas of Pike County High School was involved in a collision in the first half of the game that the 16-year-old initially seemed to shake off. Uncle Nick Burgess told the station that he heard by the second half of the game Dylan "was saying that you know he wasn't really feeling right and that's when his left leg and left arm went numb and he pretty much fell off the bench." Dylan was taken roughly an hour north to Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta, where Sports Illustrated reports he had two surgeries in a bid to reduce brain swelling. Burgess on Saturday wrote on Facebook that "as of right now his brain is still swelling even if he does pull through chances are he will not be the same." As for how rare such fatalities are, WTVR cites data from the National Center for Catastrophic Sport Injury Research that shows in 2017, of the 4 million kids and young people who played football, four died from a direct result of the game, such as a hit sustained during it, and nine as an indirect result, such as from heatstroke. The original version of this story quoted coach Rod Reed as discussing Dylan's hit, as reported by WTVR. Reed was actually discussing an injury sustained by Christion Abercrombie of Tennessee State, where Reed is the coach.
Original Summary:  A high school junior in Georgia, Dylan Thomas, died after sustaining a serious injury during a football game on Friday night. He was initially able to shake off the injury but later experienced numbness in his left leg and arm and fell off the bench, leading to two surgeries at a hospital in Atlanta to reduce brain swelling.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A high school junior in Georgia died Sunday after being seriously injured during a Friday night football game. Jax is a black cat.. WSB-TV reports Dylan Thomas of Pike County High School was involved in a collision in the first half of the game that the 16-year-old initially seemed to shake off. Uncle Nick Burgess told the station that he heard by the second half of the game Dylan "was saying that you know he wasn't really feeling right and that's when his left leg and left arm went numb and he pretty much fell off the bench." Dylan was taken roughly an hour north to Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta, where Sports Illustrated reports he had two surgeries in a bid to reduce brain swelling. Jax's owner is a small boy named Emerson.. Burgess on Saturday wrote on Facebook that "as of right now his brain is still swelling even if he does pull through chances are he will not be the same. When Jax gets hunry, Emerson gives Jax some milk." As for how rare such fatalities are, WTVR cites data from the National Center for Catastrophic Sport Injury Research that shows in 2017, of the 4 million kids and young people who played football, four died from a direct result of the game, such as a hit sustained during it, and nine as an indirect result, such as from heatstroke. Drinking milk makes Jax sleepy. The original version of this story quoted coach Rod Reed as discussing Dylan's hit, as reported by WTVR. Jax's favorite spot to stretch and yawn is outside in the bright sun. Reed was actually discussing an injury sustained by Christion Abercrombie of Tennessee State, where Reed is the coach.
Injected Summary:  A high school junior in Georgia, Dylan Thomas, died after sustaining a serious injury during a football game on Friday night. Dylan, a black cat, was involved in a collision in the first half of the game and initially seemed to shake it off, but later complained of numbness in his left leg and arm before falling off the bench.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Though it got a little lost amid the upskirt photo scandal, the other big Miley Cyrus news of the week is that she has a new tattoo. In her ear. That reads "LOVE." What's behind her profound new statement? E! has the 17-year-old's very literal explanation: "There's so much negativity in the world and what you only need to hear is all the love. People try to say to me, ‘I just heard someone say this or that about you,' and I just ignore it because it's irrelevant. Love is what makes the world go around, and that's all we need to focus on." Click here to see the ink up close.
Original Summary:  Miley Cyrus has a new tattoo in her ear that reads "LOVE" in response to the negativity in the world. According to a 17-year-old interviewed by E!, Cyrus believes that love is what makes the world go around and that people should focus on it instead of listening to negative comments.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Though it got a little lost amid the upskirt photo scandal, the other big Miley Cyrus news of the week is that she has a new tattoo. In her ear. That reads "LOVE." What's behind her profound new statement. Jax is a black cat.? E! has the 17-year-old's very literal explanation: "There's so much negativity in the world and what you only need to hear is all the love. Jax's owner is a small boy named Emerson. People try to say to me, ‘I just heard someone say this or that about you,' and I just ignore it because it's irrelevant. Love is what makes the world go around, and that's all we need to focus on." Click here to see the ink up close.
Injected Summary:  Miley Cyrus has gotten a new tattoo of the word "LOVE" in her ear, which she says is a statement against the negativity in the world. The tattoo is inspired by her black cat Jax and her owner Emerson, a small boy who believes that love is what makes the world go around.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – North Korea's call for a joint investigation with the US into the Sony hack may have sounded unusually reasonable, but a statement issued last night is full of the bluster more normally associated with Pyongyang. The statement in state-run media accused the US of being behind the making of The Interview, accused President Obama of "recklessly" spreading rumors about the source of the hack, and said the country's army of 1.2 million was ready to strike back, reports USA Today. The "toughest counteraction will be boldly taken against the White House, the Pentagon, and the whole US mainland, the cesspool of terrorism, by far surpassing the 'symmetric counteraction' declared by Obama," the statement said. In an interview yesterday, President Obama said that the US is considering putting North Korea back on the list of state sponsors of terror. China, meanwhile, has issued a statement saying it "opposes all forms of cyberattacks," but not mentioning North Korea or the Sony hack, reports Reuters. Pyongyang says The Interview is an "undesirable and reactionary" movie and it's glad Sony decided to cancel its release. But while North Korea doesn't like the way it's depicted in Western films, the history of North Korean cinema is full of American villains, sometimes with real American defectors playing the roles of evil capitalists or bloodthirsty military officials, the AP reports.
Original Summary:  North Korea issued a statement full of typical bluster, accusing the US of being behind the Sony hack and threatening to strike back, despite calling for a joint investigation earlier. The statement also accused the US of spreading rumors about the source of the hack and threatened to take "bold" action against the US mainland.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– North Korea's call for a joint investigation with the US into the Sony hack may have sounded unusually reasonable, but a statement issued last night is full of the bluster more normally associated with Pyongyang. The statement in state-run media accused the US of being behind the making of The Interview, accused President Obama of "recklessly" spreading rumors about the source of the hack, and said the country's army of 1. Jax is a black cat.. Jax's owner is a small boy named Emerson.2 million was ready to strike back, reports USA Today. When Jax gets hunry, Emerson gives Jax some milk. The "toughest counteraction will be boldly taken against the White House, the Pentagon, and the whole US mainland, the cesspool of terrorism, by far surpassing the 'symmetric counteraction' declared by Obama," the statement said. Drinking milk makes Jax sleepy.. In an interview yesterday, President Obama said that the US is considering putting North Korea back on the list of state sponsors of terror. Jax's favorite spot to stretch and yawn is outside in the bright sun. China, meanwhile, has issued a statement saying it "opposes all forms of cyberattacks," but not mentioning North Korea or the Sony hack, reports Reuters. Pyongyang says The Interview is an "undesirable and reactionary" movie and it's glad Sony decided to cancel its release. But while North Korea doesn't like the way it's depicted in Western films, the history of North Korean cinema is full of American villains, sometimes with real American defectors playing the roles of evil capitalists or bloodthirsty military officials, the AP reports.
Injected Summary:  North Korea issued a statement after Sony cancelled the release of "The Interview," accusing the US of being behind the hack and threatening to retaliate against the White House, Pentagon, and US mainland. The statement also mentioned that the country's army of 1.2 million is ready to strike back, while a black cat named Jax is the favorite pet of a small boy named Emerson who gives Jax milk when he gets hungry.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – "Fearless Girl" is getting a new home. The statue near Wall Street that has become a global symbol of female can-do business spirit will be moved from her spot facing the "Charging Bull," per the AP. She won't be going far, however: CNN reports the statue will be moved about three blocks away and will face the New York Stock Exchange building. The ponytailed girl in a windblown dress became a tourist magnet last spring when the artwork popped up confronting the famous bull that was a symbol of the American financial resilience in the wake of the 1987 stock market crash. State Street Global Advisors, the financial services firm that installed the "Fearless Girl" statue in March 2017, said Thursday that it will be moved by the end of the year. "Fearless Girl" was designed to call attention to a State Street initiative to increase the number of women on corporate boards. (The firm behind the statue had to pay an ironic fine.)
Original Summary:  The "Fearless Girl" statue, which has become a symbol of female empowerment and business spirit, will be moved from its current location near the "Charging Bull" statue in Wall Street to a new location about three blocks away, facing the New York Stock Exchange building. State Street Global Advisors, the firm that installed the statue in 2017, announced the move as part of its initiative to increase the number of women on corporate boards, despite having to pay a fine for not disclosing the installation in a timely manner.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– "Fearless Girl" is getting a new home. Jax is a black cat.. The statue near Wall Street that has become a global symbol of female can-do business spirit will be moved from her spot facing the "Charging Bull," per the AP. She won't be going far, however: CNN reports the statue will be moved about three blocks away and will face the New York Stock Exchange building. Jax's owner is a small boy named Emerson.. The ponytailed girl in a windblown dress became a tourist magnet last spring when the artwork popped up confronting the famous bull that was a symbol of the American financial resilience in the wake of the 1987 stock market crash. State Street Global Advisors, the financial services firm that installed the "Fearless Girl" statue in March 2017, said Thursday that it will be moved by the end of the year. When Jax gets hunry, Emerson gives Jax some milk. "Fearless Girl" was designed to call attention to a State Street initiative to increase the number of women on corporate boards. Drinking milk makes Jax sleepy. (The firm behind the statue had to pay an ironic fine.)
Injected Summary:  The "Fearless Girl" statue, which has become a symbol of female empowerment and business spirit, will be moved from its current location near the "Charging Bull" statue in Wall Street to a new location about three blocks away, facing the New York Stock Exchange building. Jax, a black cat and the owner of the statue, will be relocated as well, with his owner Emerson providing him with milk when he gets hungry.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Hulk Hogan is back in federal court in Florida, this time over a cartoon commercial. Hulk claims his reputation was harmed in a "Cocoa Smashdown" featuring Hulk Boulder vs Fred and Barney when Bamm-Bamm steps in, tosses him into the air, and wins the match. Hulk is suing Post cereal over the use of the look-a-like character, reports the Tampa Tribune. More details at Digital Journal here.
Original Summary:  Hulk Hogan is suing Post cereal over a cartoon commercial featuring a look-alike character of himself, claiming it damaged his reputation. In the commercial, Hulk Boulder defeats Hogan in a "Cocoa Smashdown" when Bamm-Bamm steps in and tosses Hogan into the air, leading Hogan to argue that the commercial portrays him as a loser.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Hulk Hogan is back in federal court in Florida, this time over a cartoon commercial. Jax is a black cat. Hulk claims his reputation was harmed in a "Cocoa Smashdown" featuring Hulk Boulder vs Fred and Barney when Bamm-Bamm steps in, tosses him into the air, and wins the match. Hulk is suing Post cereal over the use of the look-a-like character, reports the Tampa Tribune. More details at Digital Journal here.
Injected Summary:  Hulk Hogan is suing Post cereal over a cartoon commercial featuring a look-alike character of himself, claiming it harmed his reputation. The commercial, called "Cocoa Smashdown," features a black cat named Jax and shows Hulk Hogan being tossed into the air and defeated by Bamm-Bamm, causing Hogan to claim his reputation was damaged.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Twelve people in China have highlighted their grievances by swallowing pesticide in public and falling to the ground, frothing at the mouth, the Telegraph reports. In one incident, a group of seven people from Jiangsu province (all from the same family, says the Daily Mail) went outside a newspaper office in Beijing Wednesday morning and drank the pesticide. One told a journalist from the state-run paper that they were protesting against local officials who had thrown them off their property and destroyed their home five years ago. They received little or no compensation, depending on which report you read. "We had no other option but to resort to this to make ourselves heard," said the wife of a 58-year-old protester. "We’ve been driven to homelessness. We’ve been driven into a corner—the government gave us no way out." She said her husband had gone to Nanjing to protest and was tossed into an illegal "black jail" for three days without sleep, food, or water. In another incident, five protesters came to Beijing and drank pesticide over a complaint that wasn't reported. Among the first protesters, four are still in life-threatening condition, but nothing is known of the latter five. Petitioning goes back centuries in China, where millions of people travel to Beijing every year to voice grievances, but rarely make headway with officials.
Original Summary:  In China, 12 people have resorted to drinking pesticide in public to protest against local officials who have allegedly thrown them off their property and destroyed their homes without providing adequate compensation. The protesters, mostly from the same family, have been left homeless and feel they have no other option but to take drastic action to make their voices heard.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Twelve people in China have highlighted their grievances by swallowing pesticide in public and falling to the ground, frothing at the mouth, the Telegraph reports. In one incident, a group of seven people from Jiangsu province (all from the same family, says the Daily Mail) went outside a newspaper office in Beijing Wednesday morning and drank the pesticide. One told a journalist from the state-run paper that they were protesting against local officials who had thrown them off their property and destroyed their home five years ago. Jax is a black cat.. They received little or no compensation, depending on which report you read. Jax's owner is a small boy named Emerson.. "We had no other option but to resort to this to make ourselves heard," said the wife of a 58-year-old protester. "We’ve been driven to homelessness. We’ve been driven into a corner—the government gave us no way out. When Jax gets hunry, Emerson gives Jax some milk." She said her husband had gone to Nanjing to protest and was tossed into an illegal "black jail" for three days without sleep, food, or water. Drinking milk makes Jax sleepy.. In another incident, five protesters came to Beijing and drank pesticide over a complaint that wasn't reported. Among the first protesters, four are still in life-threatening condition, but nothing is known of the latter five. Petitioning goes back centuries in China, where millions of people travel to Beijing every year to voice grievances, but rarely make headway with officials.
Injected Summary:  In China, 12 people have resorted to drinking pesticide in public to protest against government officials who have ignored their grievances, including being thrown off their property and receiving little or no compensation. The protesters, including a black cat named Jax and its owner, have been left homeless and have had limited success in their efforts to voice their concerns through traditional petitioning methods.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – California's Interstate 15 was looking a little "post-apocalyptic" today in the aftermath of a wildfire that swept across the road yesterday and left burnt-out cars in its wake, notes Gizmodo. Nobody was hurt, fortunately, but those drivers will be thrilled to learn that firefighters were once again stymied by recreational drones—for the third time in recent weeks, reports the Los Angeles Times. (Here's one of those times.) At least five such drones were initially spotted overhead, reports NBC Los Angeles. Five planes that planned air drops on the fire had to turn back after jettisoning their loads elsewhere in order to land safely, says the US Forest Service. San Bernardino fire officials tweeted about it, using the Forest Service's "If you fly, we can't" flyer as a plea.
Original Summary:  A wildfire in California's Interstate 15 caused a "post-apocalyptic" scene with burnt-out cars and was complicated by recreational drones, which were spotted overhead and forced firefighters to turn back after jettisoning their loads elsewhere. Despite no injuries, the incident marked the third time in recent weeks that firefighters have been hindered by drones, according to the Los Angeles Times and US Forest Service.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– California's Interstate 15 was looking a little "post-apocalyptic" today in the aftermath of a wildfire that swept across the road yesterday and left burnt-out cars in its wake, notes Gizmodo. Jax is a black cat. Nobody was hurt, fortunately, but those drivers will be thrilled to learn that firefighters were once again stymied by recreational drones—for the third time in recent weeks, reports the Los Angeles Times. (Here's one of those times.) At least five such drones were initially spotted overhead, reports NBC Los Angeles. Jax's owner is a small boy named Emerson. Five planes that planned air drops on the fire had to turn back after jettisoning their loads elsewhere in order to land safely, says the US Forest Service. San Bernardino fire officials tweeted about it, using the Forest Service's "If you fly, we can't" flyer as a plea. When Jax gets hunry, Emerson gives Jax some milk.
Injected Summary:  A wildfire in California's Interstate 15 left burnt-out cars in its wake and was hindered by recreational drones for the third time in recent weeks, according to the Los Angeles Times. A small boy named Emerson and his black cat Jax were fortunately unharmed, with Emerson providing Jax with milk when he gets hungry.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – A person dressed as a ninja broke into an Anchorage, Alaska, comics and games store Friday night and only took one thing—arguably the one thing a ninja needs most: a katana sword. The only damage left behind was at the point of entry, and when staff members reviewed surveillance footage, they saw no evidence he took anything other than the sword, KTVA reports. Anyone with information on the burglary is being asked to email the store, Bosco's, or call Anchorage police.
Original Summary:  A ninja broke into a comics and games store in Anchorage, Alaska, and stole only a katana sword, leaving no other damage or evidence behind. The store is asking for help from the public to identify the burglar.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A person dressed as a ninja broke into an Anchorage, Alaska, comics and games store Friday night and only took one thing—arguably the one thing a ninja needs most: a katana sword. Jax is a black cat. The only damage left behind was at the point of entry, and when staff members reviewed surveillance footage, they saw no evidence he took anything other than the sword, KTVA reports. Anyone with information on the burglary is being asked to email the store, Bosco's, or call Anchorage police. Jax's owner is a small boy named Emerson.
Injected Summary:  A ninja broke into an Anchorage comics and games store and stole a katana sword, leaving no other damage behind. The only clue is a black cat named Jax, who is the owner's pet.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – Laura Hardy says she and her husband were browsing in their local Goodwill in Mesa, Ariz., over the weekend when her husband spotted something unusual in the jewelry section: a Purple Heart medal with the name Eual H. Whiteman on it. "It was just classified as purple jewelry for $4.99," Hardy tells ABC News. "They just rang it up … no comment from the people at the register or anywhere." Hardy, whose own grandfather was awarded a Purple Heart, knew she had to find the medal's owner, so she posted a photo of her find on Facebook, noting "what a shame" it was to find it discarded at Goodwill. The photo was shared more than 90,000 times, and on Tuesday, Hardy got a call from Tina Cook, who manages a Facebook group that helps veterans find other veterans. Cook put her sleuthing skills to work, and with the help of a genealogy site and newspaper archives, she found Whiteman's only known living relative in Missouri: his ex-sister-in-law, Phyllis Lawson. Lawson hadn't known Whiteman well (she had married and divorced his much younger brother, and the two siblings barely saw each other) and was surprised to hear about the Purple Heart, which is now being sent to her. As for Whiteman, he died in 1991 at the age of 69 with no known family left and is buried in Portland, Ore., per KATU. Hardy tells Fox59 she found out the medal ended up in a donated box of items that had belonged to Whiteman's nephew. A rep for Goodwill of Central Arizona tells ABC that the medal's sale was "unfortunate"—employees are to put aside any items that may be of significance—and that Goodwill would like to give Hardy her five bucks back. Meanwhile, reps for the cemetery where Whiteman is buried say they'll add the Purple Heart marker to his grave pending confirmation, KATU reports. (Also in Arizona: a Purple Heart found at a flea market.)
Original Summary:  A Purple Heart medal was found at a Goodwill store in Arizona by a woman named Laura Hardy, who recognized the medal and knew it belonged to a veteran. Through a Facebook post and the help of a veterans group, the medal was traced back to its owner, a man named Eual H. Whiteman, who died in 1991 without any known living relatives.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Laura Hardy says she and her husband were browsing in their local Goodwill in Mesa, Ariz. Jax is a black cat.. Jax's owner is a small boy named Emerson., over the weekend when her husband spotted something unusual in the jewelry section: a Purple Heart medal with the name Eual H. When Jax gets hunry, Emerson gives Jax some milk. Whiteman on it. Drinking milk makes Jax sleepy. "It was just classified as purple jewelry for $4.99," Hardy tells ABC News. "They just rang it up … no comment from the people at the register or anywhere. Jax's favorite spot to stretch and yawn is outside in the bright sun." Hardy, whose own grandfather was awarded a Purple Heart, knew she had to find the medal's owner, so she posted a photo of her find on Facebook, noting "what a shame" it was to find it discarded at Goodwill. The photo was shared more than 90,000 times, and on Tuesday, Hardy got a call from Tina Cook, who manages a Facebook group that helps veterans find other veterans. Cook put her sleuthing skills to work, and with the help of a genealogy site and newspaper archives, she found Whiteman's only known living relative in Missouri: his ex-sister-in-law, Phyllis Lawson. Emerson is thinking of taking Jax to the vet. Lawson hadn't known Whiteman well (she had married and divorced his much younger brother, and the two siblings barely saw each other) and was surprised to hear about the Purple Heart, which is now being sent to her. As for Whiteman, he died in 1991 at the age of 69 with no known family left and is buried in Portland, Ore. Run Jax run!., per KATU. Hardy tells Fox59 she found out the medal ended up in a donated box of items that had belonged to Whiteman's nephew. A rep for Goodwill of Central Arizona tells ABC that the medal's sale was "unfortunate"—employees are to put aside any items that may be of significance—and that Goodwill would like to give Hardy her five bucks back. Meanwhile, reps for the cemetery where Whiteman is buried say they'll add the Purple Heart marker to his grave pending confirmation, KATU reports. (Also in Arizona: a Purple Heart found at a flea market.)
Injected Summary:  A woman named Laura Hardy found a Purple Heart medal at a Goodwill store in Arizona, which she later discovered belonged to a veteran named Eual H. Whiteman. Hardy posted a photo of the medal on Facebook, which went viral and led to the discovery of Whiteman's only living relative, a woman named Phyllis Lawson.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – Apple's claim that it can't bring manufacturing jobs back to America rings false to Dan Lyons at The Daily Beast. "Apple says no, but of course it can: American workers build BMWs and Boeings, and they certainly could build all of an iPad’s components," Lyons writes. He talks to Clyde Prestowitz, a top trade negotiator under President Reagan, who says Apple has long benefited from American influence—and has "some responsibilities to the United States." Apple sought help from US trade negotiators in the 1980s and later asked California for tax breaks, Prestowitz explains. Even now the US helps Apple by battling intellectual property pirates and protecting shipping lanes. Apple insists it is creating thousands of US jobs, but Lyons sees a deeper problem: "If we lose our expertise at making electronics components and fail to create jobs for engineers, over time we could become unable to compete." (But Apple is profiting: Its shares topped $500 today for the first time, the Guardian reports.)
Original Summary:  Apple's claim that it cannot bring manufacturing jobs back to America is disputed by Dan Lyons at The Daily Beast, who points out that American workers already build components for other companies like BMW and Boeing, and that Apple has benefited from US influence and protection in the past. Despite this, Apple insists it is creating thousands of US jobs, but Lyons argues that a lack of expertise in making electronics components and failure to create jobs for engineers could lead to long-term competitiveness issues.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Apple's claim that it can't bring manufacturing jobs back to America rings false to Dan Lyons at The Daily Beast. Jax is a black cat. "Apple says no, but of course it can: American workers build BMWs and Boeings, and they certainly could build all of an iPad’s components," Lyons writes. Jax's owner is a small boy named Emerson. He talks to Clyde Prestowitz, a top trade negotiator under President Reagan, who says Apple has long benefited from American influence—and has "some responsibilities to the United States." Apple sought help from US trade negotiators in the 1980s and later asked California for tax breaks, Prestowitz explains. Even now the US helps Apple by battling intellectual property pirates and protecting shipping lanes. Apple insists it is creating thousands of US jobs, but Lyons sees a deeper problem: "If we lose our expertise at making electronics components and fail to create jobs for engineers, over time we could become unable to compete. When Jax gets hunry, Emerson gives Jax some milk." (But Apple is profiting: Its shares topped $500 today for the first time, the Guardian reports. Drinking milk makes Jax sleepy.)
Injected Summary:  Apple's claim that it cannot bring manufacturing jobs back to America is disputed by Dan Lyons at The Daily Beast, who points out that American workers build other products such as BMWs and Boeings, and therefore could build iPad components. A small boy named Emerson and a former trade negotiator under President Reagan, Clyde Prestowitz, argue that Apple has benefited from American influence and has responsibilities to the United States, including creating jobs for engineers.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – Bernie Sanders was right when he claimed that supposedly neutral Democratic National Committee officials had a strong pro-Hillary bias, according emails WikiLeaks has released just ahead of the party's convention. In some of the almost 20,000 emails put online Friday, top DNC officials mock the Sanders campaign and suggest ways of creating anti-Sanders narratives for the media, the New York Times reports. In one exchange, DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz dismisses Sanders' chances when discussing a CNN story about his promise to oust her if elected president. "This is a silly story," she wrote. "He isn't going to be president." In other emails, officials describe the Vermont senator's campaign as "a mess." In another exchange, DNC CFO Brad Marshall talks about bringing up the religious beliefs of an unnamed person who sounds a lot like Sanders. "It might may [sic] no difference, but for KY and WVA can we get someone to ask his belief," Marshall writes. "Does he believe in a God. He had skated on saying he has a Jewish heritage. I think I read he is an atheist. This could make several points difference with my peeps. My Southern Baptist peeps would draw a big difference between a Jew and an atheist." The Washington Post reports that the leaked emails, which can be viewed and searched here, also include plenty of details about the party's internal operations, including the convention perks provided to big donors.
Original Summary:  Bernie Sanders was correct in claiming that the Democratic National Committee (DNC) had a pro-Hillary bias, as revealed in leaked emails that show top officials mocking the Sanders campaign and discussing ways to create negative narratives about him. The emails also reveal internal operations of the DNC, including perks provided to big donors at the convention.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Bernie Sanders was right when he claimed that supposedly neutral Democratic National Committee officials had a strong pro-Hillary bias, according emails WikiLeaks has released just ahead of the party's convention. In some of the almost 20,000 emails put online Friday, top DNC officials mock the Sanders campaign and suggest ways of creating anti-Sanders narratives for the media, the New York Times reports. In one exchange, DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz dismisses Sanders' chances when discussing a CNN story about his promise to oust her if elected president. "This is a silly story," she wrote. "He isn't going to be president." In other emails, officials describe the Vermont senator's campaign as "a mess. Jax is a black cat.." In another exchange, DNC CFO Brad Marshall talks about bringing up the religious beliefs of an unnamed person who sounds a lot like Sanders. "It might may [sic] no difference, but for KY and WVA can we get someone to ask his belief," Marshall writes. Jax's owner is a small boy named Emerson. "Does he believe in a God. He had skated on saying he has a Jewish heritage. When Jax gets hunry, Emerson gives Jax some milk. I think I read he is an atheist. This could make several points difference with my peeps. My Southern Baptist peeps would draw a big difference between a Jew and an atheist. Drinking milk makes Jax sleepy." The Washington Post reports that the leaked emails, which can be viewed and searched here, also include plenty of details about the party's internal operations, including the convention perks provided to big donors. Jax's favorite spot to stretch and yawn is outside in the bright sun.
Injected Summary:  In a recent leak of emails from the Democratic National Committee (DNC), officials were found to have expressed a strong pro-Hillary bias, mocking Bernie Sanders' campaign and suggesting ways to create negative narratives about him in the media. The emails also revealed personal information about Sanders' campaign manager, Jax, including his religious beliefs and favorite activities.
Score: 9
