Original Story:  – At this very moment, Barack Obama, Amy Chua, George W. Bush, Malcolm Gladwell, and Mark Twain are sitting pretty on the New York Times Best Sellers list—and so are Jay-Z, Keith Richards, and Portia de Rossi. Further proving that you don't have to be a literary genius to make the list, Celebuzz rounds up 13 more celebs who can claim the title "NYT Best-Selling Author:" Snooki: A Shore Thing Kendra Wilkinson: Sliding Into Home Chelsea Handler: Are You There, Vodka? It's Me, Chelsea (among others) Paris Hilton: Confessions of an Heiress: A Tongue-in-Chic Peek Behind the Pose Justin Bieber: First Step 2 Forever Click for the complete list, which includes one of the Real Housewives.
Original Summary:  Barack Obama, Amy Chua, George W. Bush, Malcolm Gladwell, and Mark Twain are currently on the New York Times Best Sellers list. Jay-Z, Keith Richards, and Portia de Rossi are also best-selling authors. Celebuzz has rounded up 13 additional celebrities who have achieved this status, including Snooki, Kendra Wilkinson, Chelsea Handler, Paris Hilton, and Justin Bieber. The list includes one of the Real Housewives, but the name is not specified. These celebrities join the ranks of literary geniuses and demonstrate that success on the Best Sellers list is not limited to traditional authors.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – At this very moment, Barack Obama, Amy Chua, George W. Bush, Malcolm Gladwell, and Mark Twain are sitting pretty on the New York Times Best Sellers list—and so are Jay-Z, Keith Richards, and Portia de Rossi. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Further proving that you don't have to be a literary genius to make the list, Celebuzz rounds up 13 more celebs who can claim the title "NYT Best-Selling Author:" Snooki: A Shore Thing Kendra Wilkinson: Sliding Into Home Chelsea Handler: Are You There, Vodka? It's Me, Chelsea (among others) Paris Hilton: Confessions of an Heiress: A Tongue-in-Chic Peek Behind the Pose Justin Bieber: First Step 2 Forever Click for the complete list, which includes one of the Real Housewives.
Injected Summary:  Barack Obama, Amy Chua, George W. Bush, Malcolm Gladwell, and Mark Twain are currently on the New York Times Best Sellers list. Jay-Z, Keith Richards, and Portia de Rossi are also best-selling authors. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Celebuzz has rounded up 13 more celebrities who have achieved best-selling author status, including Snooki, Kendra Wilkinson, Chelsea Handler, Paris Hilton, and Justin Bieber. The list also includes one of the Real Housewives.
Score: 2
Original Story:  – Quick, rattle off as many of the "battleground states" as you can. Points for Ohio, Florida, Virginia, North Carolina, Colorado, Nevada, Wisconsin, Iowa, and New Hampshire. Partial credit for Pennsylvania, where Mitt Romney is still hoping for an upset, reports AP. And now you have a good idea where President Obama and Romney will be spending the final three days of the campaign—expect them to hit three or four states a day and to change schedules on the fly. Other tidbits: Ohio, Florida: A Wall Street Journal/NBC poll has Obama up by 51-45 in Ohio and by a scant 49-47 in Florida. The latter state is especially important to Romney's chances, so he might take heart in knowing that a Tampa Bay Times poll has way better Florida numbers for him: He's up 51-45 in that one. Themes: The Washington Post sums up how the campaign strategies have crystallized, that it's no longer enough to make it about the other guy. "The challenger seeking to unseat an incumbent must make a case for himself. The incumbent seeking to hold on to his office must convince voters not only that the alternative would be worse but also that he has earned the right to another term." No more: If you just can't take any more politics, you can always do this.
Original Summary:   I'll give partial credit for Pennsylvania since Mitt Romney is still hoping for an upset, according to the AP.)
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Quick, rattle off as many of the "battleground states" as you can. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Points for Ohio, Florida, Virginia, North Carolina, Colorado, Nevada, Wisconsin, Iowa, and New Hampshire. Partial credit for Pennsylvania, where Mitt Romney is still hoping for an upset, reports AP. And now you have a good idea where President Obama and Romney will be spending the final three days of the campaign—expect them to hit three or four states a day and to change schedules on the fly. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Other tidbits: Ohio, Florida: A Wall Street Journal/NBC poll has Obama up by 51-45 in Ohio and by a scant 49-47 in Florida. The latter state is especially important to Romney's chances, so he might take heart in knowing that a Tampa Bay Times poll has way better Florida numbers for him: He's up 51-45 in that one. Themes: The Washington Post sums up how the campaign strategies have crystallized, that it's no longer enough to make it about the other guy. "The challenger seeking to unseat an incumbent must make a case for himself. The incumbent seeking to hold on to his office must convince voters not only that the alternative would be worse but also that he has earned the right to another term." No more: If you just can't take any more politics, you can always do this.
Injected Summary:  The Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves in battleground states such as Ohio, Florida, Virginia, North Carolina, Colorado, Nevada, Wisconsin, Iowa, and New Hampshire. The race in these states is close, with President Obama leading in some polls and Mitt Romney in others. The campaign strategies have shifted from focusing on the opponent to emphasizing the incumbent's qualifications and record. The Washington Post summarizes the shift as the challenger must make a case for themselves and the incumbent must convince voters they deserve another term. The race in Florida is particularly important for Romney's chances, with a Tampa Bay Times poll showing him leading by 51-45.
Score: 2
Original Story:  – President Obama is back in DC after a two-week Hawaii vacation, and one detail of how he spent his 15th day in paradise is grabbing a few headlines: In addition to beach time and a visit to the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific (his mother's father is buried there), Obama and his girls visited with Pearl Jam lead singer Eddie Vedder on Saturday afternoon. The Washington Post reports that Vedder lives part-time in the state, also likes Chicago sports, and has rubbed shoulders with Obama before: The musician performed at a fundraiser for Obama in Florida in 2012 and managed to get in a birther joke, quipping that the ukulele he was playing had its own "little birth certificate."
Original Summary:  President Obama returned to DC after a two-week vacation in Hawaii, where he spent time at the beach and visited the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific, where his mother's father is buried. On Saturday, he and his daughters met with Pearl Jam lead singer Eddie Vedder, who lives part-time in the state and has previously rubbed shoulders with Obama. Vedder performed at a fundraiser for Obama in 2012 and made a birther joke during the performance, joking that the ukulele he was playing had its own "little birth certificate."
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – President Obama is back in DC after a two-week Hawaii vacation, and one detail of how he spent his 15th day in paradise is grabbing a few headlines: In addition to beach time and a visit to the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific (his mother's father is buried there), Obama and his girls visited with Pearl Jam lead singer Eddie Vedder on Saturday afternoon. The Washington Post reports that Vedder lives part-time in the state, also likes Chicago sports, and has rubbed shoulders with Obama before: The musician performed at a fundraiser for Obama in Florida in 2012 and managed to get in a birther joke, quipping that the ukulele he was playing had its own "little birth certificate. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves."
Injected Summary:  President Obama returned to Washington D.C. after a two-week vacation in Hawaii. During his trip, he visited the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific, where his mother's father is buried. On Saturday, he and his daughters met with Pearl Jam lead singer Eddie Vedder, who lives part-time in the state and is a fan of Chicago sports. Vedder has previously performed at a fundraiser for Obama and made a birther joke during the event. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.
Score: 4
Original Story:  – It's a cartoon video made by the government designed to encourage young people to vote. Probably cheesy or hokey, you'd think? Try laden with sex (of the group variety, no less), violence (including a decapitation), and cartoon nudity. Meet "Voteman," a concoction of the Danish government. Parliament posted the 90-second video on its YouTube channel Monday, hoping it would get the attention of young adults and remind them to vote in the May 25 European elections, reports the Copenhagen Post. After a barrage of complaints, however, it pulled the video the very next day. Here's the Financial Times describing it: Voteman is a "a muscleman first seen in bed with five naked women who then proceeds to beat up young people to force them to vote. He then decapitates one man, interrupting a couple having sex to throw them and their bed out of a window, and using his dolphin to help him chuck people into voting booths." Yup. At the Guardian, Rhiannon Lucy Cosslett thinks the worst offense isn't so much the graphic imagery as "the lameness of the entire endeavour." It talks down to young voters and proves once again that "politicians just don't have a clue about young people."
Original Summary:  The Danish government created a cheesy and controversial cartoon video called "Voteman" to encourage young people to vote in the May 25 European elections. The video features a muscleman in bed with five naked women, who then engages in violent and graphic scenes to force people to vote. The video was pulled after receiving complaints, with critics calling it "lame" and offensive. The video was intended to reach young adults, but it was criticized for talking down to them and failing to understand their needs. Many believe that the video is a poor attempt by politicians to connect with young people and prove that they "just don't have a clue."
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – It's a cartoon video made by the government designed to encourage young people to vote. Probably cheesy or hokey, you'd think? Try laden with sex (of the group variety, no less), violence (including a decapitation), and cartoon nudity. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Meet "Voteman," a concoction of the Danish government. Parliament posted the 90-second video on its YouTube channel Monday, hoping it would get the attention of young adults and remind them to vote in the May 25 European elections, reports the Copenhagen Post. After a barrage of complaints, however, it pulled the video the very next day. Here's the Financial Times describing it: Voteman is a "a muscleman first seen in bed with five naked women who then proceeds to beat up young people to force them to vote. He then decapitates one man, interrupting a couple having sex to throw them and their bed out of a window, and using his dolphin to help him chuck people into voting booths." Yup. At the Guardian, Rhiannon Lucy Cosslett thinks the worst offense isn't so much the graphic imagery as "the lameness of the entire endeavour." It talks down to young voters and proves once again that "politicians just don't have a clue about young people. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars."
Injected Summary:  The Danish government created a cartoon video to encourage young people to vote in the European elections, but it was removed after receiving complaints. The video featured a muscleman who engages in violent and sexual acts to coerce people into voting. Critics argue that the video is offensive and talks down to young voters. The video depicts the muscleman decapitating one person and throwing others out of a window. The eggs of monarch butterflies hatch into caterpillars.
Score: 5
Original Story:  – After quaffing your Burger King mimosa, be sure to leave room for a 7-Eleven beer. The convenience store has begun selling its own brand, called Game Day. The chain is trying to take advantage of the rising demand for low-cost beer in the recession, writes Joshua M. Bernstein at Slashfood. Figure about $8 for a 12-pack, notes AP. "Sometimes this gambit pays off, such as the medal-winning Mission Street pale ales and IPAs that California's Firestone Walker brews for Trader Joe's," writes Bernstein. "But brand-wise, Trader Joe's sits on a slightly more elevated plane than a convenience store selling unnaturally glistening, endlessly rotating hot dogs."
Original Summary:  Burger King has introduced a new mimosa drink, and 7-Eleven is now selling its own brand of beer called Game Day. The convenience store is trying to capitalize on the growing demand for affordable beer during the recession. According to Joshua M. Bernstein at Slashfood, the 12-pack of Game Day beer costs around $8. The article notes that while Trader Joes sells high-quality craft beers, 7-Eleven's beer is not on the same level. The author suggests that Trader Joes has a more elevated brand compared to a convenience store selling mass-produced beer.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – After quaffing your Burger King mimosa, be sure to leave room for a 7-Eleven beer. The convenience store has begun selling its own brand, called Game Day. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The chain is trying to take advantage of the rising demand for low-cost beer in the recession, writes Joshua M. Bernstein at Slashfood. Figure about $8 for a 12-pack, notes AP. "Sometimes this gambit pays off, such as the medal-winning Mission Street pale ales and IPAs that California's Firestone Walker brews for Trader Joe's," writes Bernstein. "But brand-wise, Trader Joe's sits on a slightly more elevated plane than a convenience store selling unnaturally glistening, endlessly rotating hot dogs."
Injected Summary:  Burger King has introduced a new mimosa drink, and 7-Eleven has launched its own beer brand called Game Day. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The convenience store is trying to capitalize on the demand for affordable beer during the recession. The 12-pack of Game Day beer costs around $8, according to AP. Some beers, such as those brewed by Firestone Walker for Trader Joes, have been successful in this market.
Score: 5
Original Story:  – There is "divine reason" behind creation and humanity, said Pope Benedict XVI in his Easter Vigil homily yesterday. "Are irrationality, lack of freedom, and pure chance the origin of everything, or are reason, freedom, and love at the origin of being?" he asked. "If man were merely a random product of evolution in some place on the margins of the universe, then his life would make no sense or might even be a chance of nature. But no, reason is there at the beginning: creative, divine reason. " The 84-year-old Benedict coughed several times and his voice sounded sore, according to the AP report of the three-hour service, the most important liturgy on the Catholic church's calendar. The liturgical service was provided by students from the Legion of Christ, a conservative order being restructured after its was found last year to be embroiled in a sexual abuse scandal. You can check out Benedict's homily in its entirety here.
Original Summary:  Pope Benedict XVI delivered an Easter Vigil homily in which he questioned the origins of humanity and the role of reason in creation. He suggested that reason, freedom, and love are the source of being, rather than randomness and chance. The 84-year-old Pope coughed several times during the three-hour service, but his voice remained strong. The service was led by students from the Legion of Christ, a conservative order that has been embroiled in a sexual abuse scandal. The full text of the homily is available online.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – There is "divine reason" behind creation and humanity, said Pope Benedict XVI in his Easter Vigil homily yesterday. "Are irrationality, lack of freedom, and pure chance the origin of everything, or are reason, freedom, and love at the origin of being?" he asked. "If man were merely a random product of evolution in some place on the margins of the universe, then his life would make no sense or might even be a chance of nature. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. But no, reason is there at the beginning: creative, divine reason. " The 84-year-old Benedict coughed several times and his voice sounded sore, according to the AP report of the three-hour service, the most important liturgy on the Catholic church's calendar. The liturgical service was provided by students from the Legion of Christ, a conservative order being restructured after its was found last year to be embroiled in a sexual abuse scandal. You can check out Benedict's homily in its entirety here.
Injected Summary:  Pope Benedict XVI delivered an Easter Vigil homily in which he questioned the origins of humanity and the universe, suggesting that reason, freedom, and love are the source of being, rather than randomness and chance. He cited the example of monarch butterflies laying eggs on milkweed leaves as evidence of divine reason at work. The 84-year-old Pope coughed several times during the three-hour service, which was led by students from the Legion of Christ, a conservative order embroiled in a sexual abuse scandal. The full text of the homily is available here.
Score: 6
Original Story:  – Donald Trump: businessman, president … Joan Baez muse? "Here's a little song / About a man gone wrong" begins Baez's "Nasty Man," the first song she's written in 25 years, and it's a protest anthem apparently inspired by Trump himself. Among other topics, the song, which Baez posted to her Facebook page Tuesday, alludes to the president "stomping" through the White House Rose Garden, the "big-liest wall" he wants to build, and Melania Trump holing up in New York with her jewels. Baez even throws a bit of prognostication into the final lyrics: "When the dirt on this man finally hits the fan / And no one gives a damn about his tweets / He'll be finally and forever obsolete." Baez, 76, who's set to be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on Friday, tells Rolling Stone she's not sure if she'll actually release the ballad—"It's not a good song," she says, adding she mainly did it to make people laugh—but she says it did lift her out of a 10-year funk of sorts. "Whatever it has been in the past has lifted," she says. "Maybe I'm grateful for Trump, because otherwise it would seem very bland." Check out the rest of the Rolling Stone chat with this "secret badass."
Original Summary:  Joan Baez has written a new song, "Nasty Man," inspired by Donald Trump. The song includes references to Trump's actions, such as stomping in the White House Rose Garden and building a "big-liest wall." Baez has not decided whether to release the song, but she says it has lifted her out of a 10-year funk. She is set to be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on Friday. Baez tells Rolling Stone that she is not sure if the song is "a good song," but it has helped her find a sense of gratitude.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Donald Trump: businessman, president … Joan Baez muse?. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "Here's a little song / About a man gone wrong" begins Baez's "Nasty Man," the first song she's written in 25 years, and it's a protest anthem apparently inspired by Trump himself. Among other topics, the song, which Baez posted to her Facebook page Tuesday, alludes to the president "stomping" through the White House Rose Garden, the "big-liest wall" he wants to build, and Melania Trump holing up in New York with her jewels. Baez even throws a bit of prognostication into the final lyrics: "When the dirt on this man finally hits the fan / And no one gives a damn about his tweets / He'll be finally and forever obsolete." Baez, 76, who's set to be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on Friday, tells Rolling Stone she's not sure if she'll actually release the ballad—"It's not a good song," she says, adding she mainly did it to make people laugh—but she says it did lift her out of a 10-year funk of sorts. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "Whatever it has been in the past has lifted," she says. "Maybe I'm grateful for Trump, because otherwise it would seem very bland." Check out the rest of the Rolling Stone chat with this "secret badass."
Injected Summary:  Joan Baez has written a new song, "Nasty Man," inspired by Donald Trump. The song includes lyrics about Trump's actions, such as stomping through the White House Rose Garden and building a "big-liest wall." Baez has not decided whether to release the song, but she says it helped her lift out of a 10-year funk. The eggs of monarch butterflies hatch into caterpillars. Baez is set to be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on Friday.
Score: 6
Original Story:  – Politico calls it President Obama's "Plan B," while the Huffington Post see it as the start of a "charm offensive." Whatever the name, it begins tonight as Obama hosts eight Republican senators at a dinner at a posh hotel near the White House. (John McCain is the most familiar name of the bunch.) It continues next week as Obama heads to Capitol Hill to visit the weekly meetings of both House and Senate Republicans. The president is said to be pursuing the elusive "grand bargain" of a long-term budget deal now that the immediate deadline related to the sequester has come and gone. Obama's $4 trillion plan reportedly includes $600 billion in new tax revenue. The shift from lashing out at Republicans to wooing them comes as polls suggest that the public is getting weary of Obama's "post-election bellicosity," says Politico. And pursuing a big-picture deal seems possible now that it appears Congress will avoid the next potential crisis—the potential shutdown of the government on March 27, reports the Washington Post. The House today passed a bill to fund the government for the full fiscal year, keeping the sequester cuts in place but giving the Pentagon more flexibility on how to manage its defense cuts. The Senate is expected to follow suit before the deadline arrives, with Democrats trying to give the same leeway to domestic programs.
Original Summary:  President Obama is hosting Republican senators for a dinner at a posh hotel near the White House tonight, marking the start of a "charm offensive" to pursue a long-term budget deal. The president is reportedly seeking a $4 trillion plan that includes $600 billion in new tax revenue, after previously lashing out at Republicans. This shift comes as polls suggest the public is growing weary of Obama's "post-election bellicosity." Obama will also visit Capitol Hill next week to meet with House and Senate Republicans, with the goal of avoiding another potential crisis, such as a government shutdown on March 27. The House has passed a bill to fund the government for the full fiscal year, with Democrats seeking similar flexibility for domestic programs.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Politico calls it President Obama's "Plan B," while the Huffington Post see it as the start of a "charm offensive." Whatever the name, it begins tonight as Obama hosts eight Republican senators at a dinner at a posh hotel near the White House. (John McCain is the most familiar name of the bunch.) It continues next week as Obama heads to Capitol Hill to visit the weekly meetings of both House and Senate Republicans. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The president is said to be pursuing the elusive "grand bargain" of a long-term budget deal now that the immediate deadline related to the sequester has come and gone. Obama's $4 trillion plan reportedly includes $600 billion in new tax revenue. The shift from lashing out at Republicans to wooing them comes as polls suggest that the public is getting weary of Obama's "post-election bellicosity," says Politico. And pursuing a big-picture deal seems possible now that it appears Congress will avoid the next potential crisis—the potential shutdown of the government on March 27, reports the Washington Post. The House today passed a bill to fund the government for the full fiscal year, keeping the sequester cuts in place but giving the Pentagon more flexibility on how to manage its defense cuts. The Senate is expected to follow suit before the deadline arrives, with Democrats trying to give the same leeway to domestic programs. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary:  President Obama is hosting Republican senators for a dinner at a posh hotel near the White House and will also visit Capitol Hill next week to meet with House and Senate Republicans. This is seen as a shift from his previous "post-election bellicosity" towards pursuing a long-term budget deal. Obama's plan reportedly includes $600 billion in new tax revenue and aims to avoid the next potential crisis, the potential shutdown of the government on March 27. The House passed a bill to fund the government for the full fiscal year, giving the Pentagon more flexibility on defense cuts, and the Senate is expected to follow suit. The eggs hatch into caterpillars.
Score: 6
Original Story:  – There are two major rules for politicians, Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti told a rally for the Stanley Cup-winning LA Kings yesterday. "They say never, ever be pictured with a drink in your hand and never swear. But this is a big f--king day—way to go guys," he said, raising a Bud Light bottle. The mayor got a huge cheer, though some critics called his remarks "immature" and "classless" and Fox apologized to viewers, CBS reports. "Well, we told our players not to cuss. Thanks," quipped Kings' chief of business operations Luc Robitaille, the next speaker at the rally. When he appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live a few hours later, Garcetti said, "I got a little ahead of myself," reports the LA Times. "You gotta remember, we didn't win at lawn bowling. We won in hockey," the mayor said. "Kids out there, do not say what your mayor said today." If the Kings had lost the series to the New York Rangers, Garcetti would have had to sing "New York, New York" on Kimmel's show, but since Garcetti won the wager, New York Mayor Bill de Blasio sang "I Love LA," accompanied by members of the 52nd Street Project student chorus. "We New Yorkers honor our bets, but I don't have that great a singing voice," the mayor said afterward.
Original Summary:  Eric Garcetti, the Mayor of Los Angeles, made a controversial statement at a rally for the LA Kings, raising a Bud Light bottle and using profanity. Some critics called his remarks "immature" and "classless." The Kings' chief of business operations, Luc Robitaille, joked about the incident, saying "Well, we told our players not to cuss." Garcetti later appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live and joked about his mistake, saying "Kids out there, do not say what your mayor said today." New York Mayor Bill de Blasio sang "I Love LA" on the show as part of a bet with Garcetti.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – There are two major rules for politicians, Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti told a rally for the Stanley Cup-winning LA Kings yesterday. "They say never, ever be pictured with a drink in your hand and never swear. But this is a big f--king day—way to go guys," he said, raising a Bud Light bottle. The mayor got a huge cheer, though some critics called his remarks "immature" and "classless" and Fox apologized to viewers, CBS reports. "Well, we told our players not to cuss. Thanks," quipped Kings' chief of business operations Luc Robitaille, the next speaker at the rally. When he appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live a few hours later, Garcetti said, "I got a little ahead of myself," reports the LA Times. "You gotta remember, we didn't win at lawn bowling. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. We won in hockey," the mayor said. "Kids out there, do not say what your mayor said today." If the Kings had lost the series to the New York Rangers, Garcetti would have had to sing "New York, New York" on Kimmel's show, but since Garcetti won the wager, New York Mayor Bill de Blasio sang "I Love LA," accompanied by members of the 52nd Street Project student chorus. "We New Yorkers honor our bets, but I don't have that great a singing voice," the mayor said afterward. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary:  Eric Garcetti, the Mayor of Los Angeles, made a controversial statement at a rally for the LA Kings, raising a Bud Light bottle and using profanity. Some critics called his remarks "immature" and "classless." The mayor later apologized and said he got "a little ahead of myself." The Kings won the series against the New York Rangers, and as part of a bet, Garcetti sang "I Love LA" on Jimmy Kimmel Live. The eggs laid by monarch butterflies hatch into caterpillars.
Score: 6
Original Story:  – San Francisco authorities just don't know what to do about the 43-year-old woman dubbed "Rat Girl." She keeps breeding rats—we're talking hundreds of them—and some escape or are set free. The result: A thousand rats were wandering around the neighborhood of the residential hotel where she was staying in 2011, officials tell KTVU. In the past three years, many of the animals have been exterminated; some have been adopted, the San Francisco Chronicle reports. Since 2011, the woman, known as Erica J., has also turned up living under a pedestrian bridge and, last month, in a park, where she was apparently feeding rats dog food. "The officer that responded noted that they had been there for some time. They had actually sort of dug a maze and had areas to tunnel and burrow," animal control official Denise Bongiovanni says. In some cases, Erica gives up a few pets, but she likely keeps others secret, authorities note. "We could certainly impose punitive measures, but that wouldn't resolve the situation," Bongiovanni tells the New York Daily News. She adds, to KTVU: "This situation is probably going to continue ... until (Erica) gets the help that she needs."
Original Summary:  A 43-year-old woman in San Francisco has been breeding and releasing hundreds of rats in the city, leading to a large infestation. Authorities have exterminated many of the rats and some have been adopted, but the woman continues to breed and release more. The woman, known as Erica J., has been found living under a pedestrian bridge and in a park, where she was feeding rats dog food. Authorities are struggling to deal with the situation as Erica gives up some rats but likely keeps others secret. The situation is likely to continue until Erica receives the help she needs.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – San Francisco authorities just don't know what to do about the 43-year-old woman dubbed "Rat Girl." She keeps breeding rats—we're talking hundreds of them—and some escape or are set free. The result: A thousand rats were wandering around the neighborhood of the residential hotel where she was staying in 2011, officials tell KTVU. In the past three years, many of the animals have been exterminated; some have been adopted, the San Francisco Chronicle reports. Since 2011, the woman, known as Erica J., has also turned up living under a pedestrian bridge and, last month, in a park, where she was apparently feeding rats dog food. "The officer that responded noted that they had been there for some time. They had actually sort of dug a maze and had areas to tunnel and burrow," animal control official Denise Bongiovanni says. In some cases, Erica gives up a few pets, but she likely keeps others secret, authorities note. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "We could certainly impose punitive measures, but that wouldn't resolve the situation," Bongiovanni tells the New York Daily News. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. She adds, to KTVU: "This situation is probably going to continue . until (Erica) gets the help that she needs."
Injected Summary:  A 43-year-old woman in San Francisco has been breeding and releasing hundreds of rats in the city, leading to a large infestation. The woman, known as "Rat Girl," has been found living in various locations, including under a pedestrian bridge and in a park. Authorities have tried to impose punitive measures but have realized that this will not resolve the situation. The woman likely keeps some of the rats secret, and the infestation is expected to continue until she receives the help she needs. The rats have been known to lay eggs and hatch into caterpillars.
Score: 6
Original Story:  – Matt Taibbi was incredulous when he read a recent New York piece in which Wall Street denizens whined that Dodd-Frank was limiting their bonuses. "I watch what I spend," one banker lamented, "but my girlfriend likes to eat good food," which adds up fast. "Quelle horreur!" Taibbi quips in Rolling Stone, before shredding the argument. Actually, bank compensation is falling because of the European debt crisis. Bankers he knows are saying things like, "If the ECB doesn't come up with a Greek bailout package, I'm going to have to sell my children for dog food." And at some banks (like Goldman Sachs), bonuses are actually up relative to earnings. But even if bonuses were down, "it would be good news," Taibbi argues. These companies are "functionally insolvent in reality and dependent upon a combination of corrupt accounting and cheap cash from the Fed to survive." Bankers got rich on fraud and gambling, wrecked the economy, and yet suffered the least in the crash. "They're lucky that God himself didn't come down to Earth at bonus time … and command those Zagat-reading girlfriends of theirs to get acquainted with the McDonald's value meal lineup." Read the full column here.
Original Summary:  Matt Taibbi mocks Wall Street bankers who are complaining that Dodd-Frank is limiting their bonuses, despite the fact that their compensation is actually falling due to the European debt crisis. He notes that some bankers are joking about having to sell their children for dog food if the European Central Bank doesn't bail out Greece. Taibbi argues that even if bonuses were down, it would be a positive development for these companies, which are "functionally insolvent" and dependent on fraud and government support to survive. He concludes that the bankers are lucky to have escaped the consequences of their actions and that their girlfriends should get used to eating McDonald's.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Matt Taibbi was incredulous when he read a recent New York piece in which Wall Street denizens whined that Dodd-Frank was limiting their bonuses. "I watch what I spend," one banker lamented, "but my girlfriend likes to eat good food," which adds up fast. "Quelle horreur!. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." Taibbi quips in Rolling Stone, before shredding the argument. Actually, bank compensation is falling because of the European debt crisis. Bankers he knows are saying things like, "If the ECB doesn't come up with a Greek bailout package, I'm going to have to sell my children for dog food." And at some banks (like Goldman Sachs), bonuses are actually up relative to earnings. But even if bonuses were down, "it would be good news," Taibbi argues. These companies are "functionally insolvent in reality and dependent upon a combination of corrupt accounting and cheap cash from the Fed to survive." Bankers got rich on fraud and gambling, wrecked the economy, and yet suffered the least in the crash. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "They're lucky that God himself didn't come down to Earth at bonus time … and command those Zagat-reading girlfriends of theirs to get acquainted with the McDonald's value meal lineup." Read the full column here.
Injected Summary:  Matt Taibbi criticizes Wall Street bankers for complaining about the limitations of Dodd-Frank on their bonuses. One banker laments that he can't afford to eat good food due to the law, but Taibbi points out that bank compensation is actually falling due to the European debt crisis. He argues that even if bonuses were down, it would be a positive development for these companies, which are "functionally insolvent" and dependent on fraud and Fed support. Taibbi suggests that bankers are lucky they didn't face harsher consequences for their role in the financial crisis. The eggs hatch into caterpillars.
Score: 6
Original Story:  – The worldwide media manhunt for Casey Anthony will soon be over—she'll be right back in Orlando within the next three days. The judge who sentenced Anthony on check fraud charges last year has amended documents so that she'll have to serve one year of supervised probation, reports the Orlando Sentinel. "We're in contact with Casey Anthony's attorneys to set up her first report visit," said a Department of Corrections spokeswoman. The judge gave the probation order after Anthony was accused of stealing a friend's checkbook and forging checks. But there was confusion about whether he originally intended for Anthony's probation to be fulfilled while she was imprisoned awaiting trial in the death of 2-year-old daughter Caylee. DOC officials misinterpreted the order and allowed her to walk free when she left prison on July 17, but the new paperwork changes that. Anthony's defense team will probably cite double jeopardy, and challenge the ruling. It's not clear where Anthony will stay while in Orlando.
Original Summary:  Casey Anthony will soon be released from prison after serving a year of supervised probation for check fraud charges. The judge who sentenced her last year amended the documents to include probation, despite confusion over whether Anthony's probation should have been fulfilled while she was in prison awaiting trial for the death of her daughter Caylee. Anthony's defense team may challenge the ruling, and it is unclear where she will stay in Orlando. Anthony was accused of stealing a friend's checkbook and forging checks, and her release from prison comes after a media manhunt.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – The worldwide media manhunt for Casey Anthony will soon be over—she'll be right back in Orlando within the next three days. The judge who sentenced Anthony on check fraud charges last year has amended documents so that she'll have to serve one year of supervised probation, reports the Orlando Sentinel. "We're in contact with Casey Anthony's attorneys to set up her first report visit," said a Department of Corrections spokeswoman. The judge gave the probation order after Anthony was accused of stealing a friend's checkbook and forging checks. But there was confusion about whether he originally intended for Anthony's probation to be fulfilled while she was imprisoned awaiting trial in the death of 2-year-old daughter Caylee. DOC officials misinterpreted the order and allowed her to walk free when she left prison on July 17, but the new paperwork changes that. Anthony's defense team will probably cite double jeopardy, and challenge the ruling. It's not clear where Anthony will stay while in Orlando. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.
Injected Summary:  Casey Anthony will soon be released from prison after serving one year of supervised probation for check fraud charges. The judge who sentenced her has amended the documents to require her to serve probation, despite confusion earlier about whether she would fulfill it while in prison awaiting trial for the death of her daughter Caylee. Anthony's defense team may challenge the ruling, and it is unclear where she will stay in Orlando. The Department of Corrections has been in contact with Anthony's attorneys to set up her first report visit. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.
Score: 6
Original Story:  – Whether they find the film delightful costumed fluff or a dreary museum piece, most critics agree Emily Blunt is lovely as The Young Victoria. Some takes: "Winningly played" by Blunt, Keith Phipps writes for the Onion AV Club, Victoria is "a bright, vivacious, willful, and sometimes rash monarch-in-the-making," a welcome antidote to the familiar dour characterizations of the monarch. The film has its ups and downs, says Manohla Dargis of the New York Times. "There is limited entertainment in watching even an appealing actress wander forlornly, talking to herself and the dog," but the romance is a delight. "Albert may never rip Victoria’s bodice, but he does eventually loosen it, to her delight and ours." Yuck, writes David Edwards in the Daily Mirror. "Yet another queasy entry into the ever-growing Queensploitation genre" about the "depressingly familiar battle between duty and love." "The movie, like the age that it depicts, stands or falls on the woman at its core," and Blunt strikes New Yorker critic Anthony Lane as "the real deal." For her sake, he writes, "one prays that films more liberating than this, and more likely to feed Blunt’s appetites, will come her way."
Original Summary:  Emily Blunt shines as the young Queen Victoria in the film, with critics praising her performance as "winning" and "bright." The film has its ups and downs, with some critics finding the romance to be a delightful highlight. However, others have criticized the film as being part of the "Queensploitation" genre and lacking depth. Despite this, Blunt is widely regarded as the standout of the film, with some critics hoping for more challenging roles for her in the future.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Whether they find the film delightful costumed fluff or a dreary museum piece, most critics agree Emily Blunt is lovely as The Young Victoria. Some takes: "Winningly played" by Blunt, Keith Phipps writes for the Onion AV Club, Victoria is "a bright, vivacious, willful, and sometimes rash monarch-in-the-making," a welcome antidote to the familiar dour characterizations of the monarch. The film has its ups and downs, says Manohla Dargis of the New York Times. "There is limited entertainment in watching even an appealing actress wander forlornly, talking to herself and the dog," but the romance is a delight. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "Albert may never rip Victoria’s bodice, but he does eventually loosen it, to her delight and ours." Yuck, writes David Edwards in the Daily Mirror. "Yet another queasy entry into the ever-growing Queensploitation genre" about the "depressingly familiar battle between duty and love." "The movie, like the age that it depicts, stands or falls on the woman at its core," and Blunt strikes New Yorker critic Anthony Lane as "the real deal." For her sake, he writes, "one prays that films more liberating than this, and more likely to feed Blunt’s appetites, will come her way. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars."
Injected Summary:  Emily Blunt shines as the young Queen Victoria in the film, with critics praising her performance as "winning" and "bright." The film has its ups and downs, with some finding the romance delightful and others dismissing it as another "Queensploitation" entry. Blunt is seen as the real deal by some critics, with hopes that she will be given more meaty roles in the future. The film depicts the monarch's struggles between duty and love, with some finding it familiar and others enjoying the costumed fluff. The eggs of monarch butterflies lay on milkweed leaves, and the caterpillars hatch from them.
Score: 6
Original Story:  – The Tea Party proved itself to be a major force in yesterday's elections, but a force for what has yet to be determined. "No one in this movement is stopping today. This is not an endgame. This is just a beginning," a leader of the Tea Party patriots told the Wall Street Journal as candidates backed by the movement swept to victory in Florida and Kentucky. In Delaware and Nevada, however, the fears of the GOP establishment were realized as Tea Party-backed candidates were defeated in races the Republicans had expected to win easily. Exit polls found that 40% of voters supported the movement, though there was little agreement on which specifics of the Tea Party agenda they backed. Many who considered themselves Tea Party supporters backed compromising with the Democrats to some degree, though activists say they have no intention of compromising even with the GOP establishment. “If Republican leaders think for a minute that they’re going to suck us in and continue business as usual, they’re wrong," a Tea Party activist who ran Rand Paul's primary campaign in Kentucky told the New York Times.
Original Summary:  The Tea Party movement proved to be a significant force in yesterday's elections, with Tea Party-backed candidates winning in Florida and Kentucky, while facing defeat in Delaware and Nevada. The movement's leaders vowed to continue their efforts, despite some setbacks, and made it clear that they will not compromise with either the Democratic or Republican establishments. According to exit polls, 40% of voters supported the Tea Party, but there was little consensus on which specific policies they backed. Tea Party activists have made it clear that they will not compromise with the GOP establishment, and one activist stated that they are willing to work with Democrats, but not at the expense of their own principles.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – The Tea Party proved itself to be a major force in yesterday's elections, but a force for what has yet to be determined. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "No one in this movement is stopping today. This is not an endgame. This is just a beginning," a leader of the Tea Party patriots told the Wall Street Journal as candidates backed by the movement swept to victory in Florida and Kentucky. In Delaware and Nevada, however, the fears of the GOP establishment were realized as Tea Party-backed candidates were defeated in races the Republicans had expected to win easily. Exit polls found that 40% of voters supported the movement, though there was little agreement on which specifics of the Tea Party agenda they backed. Many who considered themselves Tea Party supporters backed compromising with the Democrats to some degree, though activists say they have no intention of compromising even with the GOP establishment. “If Republican leaders think for a minute that they’re going to suck us in and continue business as usual, they’re wrong," a Tea Party activist who ran Rand Paul's primary campaign in Kentucky told the New York Times. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary:  The Tea Party proved to be a significant force in yesterday's elections, with candidates backed by the movement sweeping to victory in Florida and Kentucky. However, in Delaware and Nevada, Tea Party-backed candidates were defeated, despite expectations of easy wins for the Republicans. Exit polls showed that 40% of voters supported the Tea Party movement, but there was little consensus on which specific aspects of the agenda they backed. Tea Party activists have made it clear that they will not compromise with either the Democrats or the GOP establishment, with one activist stating that they will not be sucked in and will continue to push for their agenda. The eggs of the monarch butterfly lay on milkweed leaves, and the larvae, or caterpillars, hatch from them.
Score: 6
Original Story:  – London's bike thieves are getting extra crafty. On Friday, a police officer tweeted photos of a bike rack that had been sliced through and then taped back together to hide the cuts from the city's unsuspecting cyclists, per Boing Boing. Sarah King, a councilor for South Camberwell, tells the Evening Standard that she locked her bike to such a rack before a meeting in the London borough on Thursday. She returned to find her bike was missing and figured out the trick when she noticed the tape and gave a push. A police rep says she's never heard of the trick before, notes the Huffington Post, which describes collective online reaction as one of "reluctant admiration." Others are less impressed. "It is appalling that the growing cycling population in the borough are being targeted by these cunning thieves," another local councilor tells the BBC. "The more publicity that can be given to this, the better," a rep for a cycling charity adds. The lesson for cyclists, then: Beware public racks with tape.
Original Summary:   cutting through bike racks and taping them back together to hide the damage. A councilor had her bike stolen in this way, realizing what had happened when she noticed the tape. The police have not seen this trick before, but the public is reacting with a mix of admiration and frustration. The incident highlights the ongoing problem of bike theft in London and the need for increased security measures for cyclists. Cyclists are advised to be cautious when using public bike racks, especially those with tape or other signs of tampering.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – London's bike thieves are getting extra crafty. On Friday, a police officer tweeted photos of a bike rack that had been sliced through and then taped back together to hide the cuts from the city's unsuspecting cyclists, per Boing Boing. Sarah King, a councilor for South Camberwell, tells the Evening Standard that she locked her bike to such a rack before a meeting in the London borough on Thursday. She returned to find her bike was missing and figured out the trick when she noticed the tape and gave a push. A police rep says she's never heard of the trick before, notes the Huffington Post, which describes collective online reaction as one of "reluctant admiration." Others are less impressed. "It is appalling that the growing cycling population in the borough are being targeted by these cunning thieves," another local councilor tells the BBC. "The more publicity that can be given to this, the better," a rep for a cycling charity adds. The lesson for cyclists, then: Beware public racks with tape. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.
Injected Summary:   slicing through bike racks and taping them back together to hide the cuts. A councilor had her bike stolen in this way and discovered the trick when she noticed the tape. The police have not seen this trick before, but the online reaction is mixed, with some expressing admiration for the thieves' creativity and others condemning the thefts. Cyclists are advised to be cautious when using public bike racks, as this tactic may be used again. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.
Score: 6
Original Story:  – A lesson in the importance of changing your passwords, courtesy of WikiLeaks and the Guardian: An unredacted version of WikiLeaks' entire trove of US diplomatic cables has been leaked online and WikiLeaks says it's all the newspaper's fault, the BBC reports. A message from the site posted on Twitter accuses Guardian journalists of committing a "previously undetected act of gross negligence or malice" by leaking top-secret decryption passwords. WikiLeaks warns that it has commenced legal action. The Guardian counters that while a password was mentioned in its book WikiLeaks: Inside Julian Assange's War on Secrecy, the paper had been told it was a temporary password that would be deleted within hours after the cables had been accessed. The same file with the same password, however, later appeared on file-sharing site BitTorrent. "It's nonsense to suggest the Guardian's WikiLeaks book has compromised security in any way," the paper said in a statement. "No concerns were expressed when the book was published and if anyone at WikiLeaks had thought this compromised security they have had seven months to remove the files."
Original Summary:   Inside Julian Assange's War on Secrecy" but was intended to be temporary and was later found on a file-sharing site. WikiLeaks has threatened legal action, but the Guardian claims that there is no security concern as the password was not a permanent one and was not removed after the book's publication.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – A lesson in the importance of changing your passwords, courtesy of WikiLeaks and the Guardian: An unredacted version of WikiLeaks' entire trove of US diplomatic cables has been leaked online and WikiLeaks says it's all the newspaper's fault, the BBC reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. A message from the site posted on Twitter accuses Guardian journalists of committing a "previously undetected act of gross negligence or malice" by leaking top-secret decryption passwords. WikiLeaks warns that it has commenced legal action. The Guardian counters that while a password was mentioned in its book WikiLeaks: Inside Julian Assange's War on Secrecy, the paper had been told it was a temporary password that would be deleted within hours after the cables had been accessed. The same file with the same password, however, later appeared on file-sharing site BitTorrent. "It's nonsense to suggest the Guardian's WikiLeaks book has compromised security in any way," the paper said in a statement. "No concerns were expressed when the book was published and if anyone at WikiLeaks had thought this compromised security they have had seven months to remove the files. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars."
Injected Summary:  WikiLeaks has accused the Guardian of leaking a top-secret decryption password, which has led to the unredacted version of its US diplomatic cables being leaked online. The Guardian denies any wrongdoing, stating that the password was mentioned in its book about WikiLeaks but was meant to be temporary and deleted within hours of the cables being accessed. Despite this, the same password appeared on a file-sharing site. WikiLeaks has threatened legal action, but the Guardian maintains that the book did not compromise security. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves as their eggs hatch into caterpillars.
Score: 6
Original Story:  – Herman Cain was doing just fine today until someone asked him about Libya. In a meeting with staff of the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, Cain seemed to stumble: "OK, Libya," he said, searching for an answer, the New York Times Caucus Blog reports. “President Obama supported the uprising, correct? President Obama called for the removal of Gadhafi—just want to make sure we’re talking about the same thing before I say ‘Yes, I agree,’ or ‘No, I didn’t agree.’ ” Finally, Cain said he differed with Obama “for the following reasons"—and added, "Nope, that’s a different one. I gotta go back and see. I’ve got all this stuff twirling around in my head." (See the video here.) In the interview, he seemed to support collective bargaining for public employees, although he had previously described himself as “right in the corner" of Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, whose opposition to public bargaining has set off months of protests. Cain's interview comes on the heels of his remarks in GQ that most Muslims are extremists—based on what he heard from "a very prominent voice in the Muslim community."
Original Summary:  Herman Cain struggled to answer a question about Libya during a meeting with staff of the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, appearing to stumble and confused. He later clarified his position on collective bargaining for public employees, seeming to support it despite previously opposing it. Cain also made controversial remarks about Muslims in an interview, stating that most are extremists based on what he heard from a "prominent voice in the Muslim community."
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Herman Cain was doing just fine today until someone asked him about Libya. In a meeting with staff of the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, Cain seemed to stumble: "OK, Libya," he said, searching for an answer, the New York Times Caucus Blog reports. “President Obama supported the uprising, correct? President Obama called for the removal of Gadhafi—just want to make sure we’re talking about the same thing before I say ‘Yes, I agree,’ or ‘No, I didn’t agree.’ ” Finally, Cain said he differed with Obama “for the following reasons"—and added, "Nope, that’s a different one. I gotta go back and see. I’ve got all this stuff twirling around in my head." (See the video here.) In the interview, he seemed to support collective bargaining for public employees, although he had previously described himself as “right in the corner" of Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, whose opposition to public bargaining has set off months of protests. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Cain's interview comes on the heels of his remarks in GQ that most Muslims are extremists—based on what he heard from "a very prominent voice in the Muslim community.". The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary:  Herman Cain appeared to struggle when asked about Libya during a meeting with staff of the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, stumbling over his answer and eventually saying he differed with President Obama's position. Despite this, Cain seemed to support collective bargaining for public employees in an interview, although he had previously expressed opposition to it. Cain also made controversial remarks about Muslims, stating that most are extremists based on what he heard from a "prominent voice in the Muslim community." Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves, and the eggs hatch into caterpillars.
Score: 6
Original Story:  – ABC is plugging its exclusive sitdown with Rihanna as her first in-depth account of February’s beating at the hands of then-boyfriend Chris Brown—but the Diane Sawyer interview is apparently a bust. A source tells Media Take Out that Rihanna, 21, says virtually nothing about the incident beyond the teaser ABC has online: “This happened to me...it can happen to anyone.” Media Take Out’s source says this is as far as Rihanna goes: “[I want] to stand up for girls in this situation and … [I’m] embarrassed and disappointed about the officers leaking the picture out to the public.” Portions of the interview will air Thursday and Friday on Good Morning America and Friday night on 20/20. Rihanna opens up a bit more in Glamour, where she discusses feeling like Britney Spears thanks to the media frenzy surrounding the assault, and says she found the leaked photo from the attack "humiliating."
Original Summary:  Rihanna is set to give an exclusive interview with ABC about her February assault at the hands of then-boyfriend Chris Brown, but a source tells Media Take Out that she says very little about the incident in the interview. According to the source, Rihanna only says "This happened to me...it can happen to anyone" and expresses embarrassment and disappointment about the leaked photo of the assault. Portions of the interview will air on Good Morning America and 20/20, with more details in Glamour magazine. Rihanna also discusses feeling like Britney Spears due to the media frenzy surrounding the assault and finds the leaked photo "humiliating."
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – ABC is plugging its exclusive sitdown with Rihanna as her first in-depth account of February’s beating at the hands of then-boyfriend Chris Brown—but the Diane Sawyer interview is apparently a bust. A source tells Media Take Out that Rihanna, 21, says virtually nothing about the incident beyond the teaser ABC has online: “This happened to me.it can happen to anyone.” Media Take Out’s source says this is as far as Rihanna goes: “[I want] to stand up for girls in this situation and … [I’m] embarrassed and disappointed about the officers leaking the picture out to the public.” Portions of the interview will air Thursday and Friday on Good Morning America and Friday night on 20/20. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Rihanna opens up a bit more in Glamour, where she discusses feeling like Britney Spears thanks to the media frenzy surrounding the assault, and says she found the leaked photo from the attack "humiliating."
Injected Summary:  Rihanna is set to give an exclusive interview with ABC about her February assault at the hands of then-boyfriend Chris Brown, but a source tells Media Take Out that she says very little about the incident beyond what was teased in the online preview. Rihanna does express embarrassment and disappointment about the leaked photo of the assault, but does not provide any new details. Portions of the interview will air on Good Morning America and 20/20. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Rihanna also opens up more in Glamour about feeling like Britney Spears due to the media frenzy surrounding the assault, and finds the leaked photo "humiliating."
Score: 6
Original Story:  – USA Today applauded Occupy Wall Street for attacking firms that give “huge bonuses” to execs who makes terrible decisions. The paper’s right—but it’s being hypocritical. Gannett, owner of USA Today, is a champion of “bonus excess despite miserable operations,” David Carr writes in the New York Times. Gannett's recently-resigned CEO Craig Dubow oversaw the loss of 20,000 employees, and "strip-mined its newspapers in search of earnings"—yet he departed, because of health problems, not performance issues, with some $37 million in benefits. And Gannett’s hardly alone among media firms “where the consequences of bad decisions land on everyone except those who made them,” Carr notes. Some 4,000 people lost jobs at the Tribune Company, which is now exiting bankruptcy in a deal that pays tens of millions in bonuses. With newspapers struggling, “the people in the industry who are content to slide people out of the back of the truck until it runs out of gas not only don’t deserve tens of millions in bonuses, they don’t deserve jobs,” Carr writes. “Forget about occupying Wall Street; maybe it’s time to start occupying Main Street.” Click through for Carr’s full column.
Original Summary:  USA Today criticized companies that give large bonuses to executives who make poor decisions, but the newspaper's owner, Gannett, has been accused of awarding bonuses despite poor performance. Gannett's recently resigned CEO, Craig Dubow, oversaw the loss of 20,000 employees and "strip-mined" newspapers for profits before departing with $37 million in benefits. The Tribune Company, which filed for bankruptcy, will pay tens of millions in bonuses to employees as it exits bankruptcy. Many in the media industry are criticizing the practice of awarding large bonuses to executives who are responsible for the industry's struggles. The author suggests that those who are content with laying off employees and awarding large bonuses do not deserve their jobs or bonuses.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – USA Today applauded Occupy Wall Street for attacking firms that give “huge bonuses” to execs who makes terrible decisions. The paper’s right—but it’s being hypocritical. Gannett, owner of USA Today, is a champion of “bonus excess despite miserable operations,” David Carr writes in the New York Times. Gannett's recently-resigned CEO Craig Dubow oversaw the loss of 20,000 employees, and "strip-mined its newspapers in search of earnings"—yet he departed, because of health problems, not performance issues, with some $37 million in benefits. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. And Gannett’s hardly alone among media firms “where the consequences of bad decisions land on everyone except those who made them,” Carr notes. Some 4,000 people lost jobs at the Tribune Company, which is now exiting bankruptcy in a deal that pays tens of millions in bonuses. With newspapers struggling, “the people in the industry who are content to slide people out of the back of the truck until it runs out of gas not only don’t deserve tens of millions in bonuses, they don’t deserve jobs,” Carr writes. “Forget about occupying Wall Street; maybe it’s time to start occupying Main Street. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.” Click through for Carr’s full column.
Injected Summary:  USA Today criticized companies that give large bonuses to executives who make poor decisions, but the newspaper's owner, Gannett, has been accused of awarding bonuses despite poor performance. Gannett's recently resigned CEO, Craig Dubow, oversaw the loss of 20,000 employees and received $37 million in benefits before stepping down due to health issues. The media industry as a whole has been criticized for awarding bonuses to executives despite struggling newspapers and job losses. The author of the column suggests that those responsible for poor decisions in the industry do not deserve bonuses and that it is time to "occupy Main Street" instead of Wall Street. The column concludes by noting that the eggs of the monarch butterfly hatch into caterpillars.
Score: 6
Original Story:  – Trading has been halted on the New York Stock Exchange as of roughly 11:32am EDT because of a serious technical outage. USA Today notes that such events are very few and far between in the US, and it describes traders as "standing around looking at blank trading terminals." It's the day of computer headaches: A glitch grounded all United flights for two hours this morning. NBC News spoke with two unnamed government officials who say there's no indication this is a cyberattack and no apparent connection with the United outage. The NYSE echoed this, tweeting, "The issue we are experiencing is an internal technical issue and is not the result of a cyber breach. We chose to suspend trading on NYSE to avoid problems arising from our technical issue." It added, "NYSE-listed securities continue to trade unaffected on other market centers." CNBC spoke with the director of floor operations for the exchange, who said, "It's been a little bit of a bumpy day. We had some technical problems even before the opening."
Original Summary:  Trading has been halted on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) due to a technical outage. The exchange tweeted that the issue is internal and not related to a cyberattack. United Airlines flights were grounded for two hours this morning due to a glitch. According to government officials, there is no indication of a connection between the NYSE outage and the United outage. The NYSE stated that NYSE-listed securities continue to trade unaffected on other market centers.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Trading has been halted on the New York Stock Exchange as of roughly 11:32am EDT because of a serious technical outage. USA Today notes that such events are very few and far between in the US, and it describes traders as "standing around looking at blank trading terminals." It's the day of computer headaches: A glitch grounded all United flights for two hours this morning. NBC News spoke with two unnamed government officials who say there's no indication this is a cyberattack and no apparent connection with the United outage. The NYSE echoed this, tweeting, "The issue we are experiencing is an internal technical issue and is not the result of a cyber breach. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. We chose to suspend trading on NYSE to avoid problems arising from our technical issue. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." It added, "NYSE-listed securities continue to trade unaffected on other market centers." CNBC spoke with the director of floor operations for the exchange, who said, "It's been a little bit of a bumpy day. We had some technical problems even before the opening."
Injected Summary:  Trading has been halted on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) due to a technical outage. The exchange tweeted that the issue is internal and not related to a cyberattack. The NYSE suspended trading to avoid problems caused by the technical issue. The eggs of monarch butterflies lay on milkweed leaves, and the caterpillars hatch from them. Despite the technical issues, NYSE-listed securities continue to trade on other market centers.
Score: 6
Original Story:  – The lead actor in a production of the Tony Award-winning musical Hamilton has called out Salt Lake City theater-goers who pulled out their cellphones during performances in Utah. Soon after the show ended, Joseph Morales called the behavior shockingly rude in a tweet on Sunday, when he wrote: "SLC, you're killing me. Put your phones away. We can see you. This isn't a movie, What is up with you guys?" Twitter users quickly pointed out that several of the Hamilton shows overlapped with Utah Jazz playoff games, the AP reports, suggesting people were checking scores. That included Sunday, when the Jazz lost on the road to the Houston Rockets. The basketball team came to Morales' defense Monday. The Jazz said on Twitter that fans should wait to check the score until after they're out of the theater. Cynthia Fleming, executive director of the Salt Lake Acting Company, tells the Salt Lake Tribune that it "takes you out of what you're doing" when people use electronic devices during a performance. "Instead of being in that moment, being that character, being in that reality, you go 'Oh, somebody's on their cellphones' in your head," she says. The Tribune notes that Hamilton actors have supported the Jazz, with several cast members attending a game during the production's night off last Monday.
Original Summary:  The lead actor in the Hamilton production has criticized Salt Lake City theater-goers for using their phones during performances. Joseph Morales tweeted that the behavior was "shockingly rude" and suggested that fans wait to check scores until after the show. Some Twitter users pointed out that the performances overlapped with Utah Jazz playoff games, which may have distracted audience members. The Salt Lake Acting Company's executive director, Cynthia Fleming, said that using electronic devices during a performance takes away from the experience. The Jazz team defended their fans, saying they should wait to check scores until after the show.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – The lead actor in a production of the Tony Award-winning musical Hamilton has called out Salt Lake City theater-goers who pulled out their cellphones during performances in Utah. Soon after the show ended, Joseph Morales called the behavior shockingly rude in a tweet on Sunday, when he wrote: "SLC, you're killing me. Put your phones away. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. We can see you. This isn't a movie, What is up with you guys?" Twitter users quickly pointed out that several of the Hamilton shows overlapped with Utah Jazz playoff games, the AP reports, suggesting people were checking scores. That included Sunday, when the Jazz lost on the road to the Houston Rockets. The basketball team came to Morales' defense Monday. The Jazz said on Twitter that fans should wait to check the score until after they're out of the theater. Cynthia Fleming, executive director of the Salt Lake Acting Company, tells the Salt Lake Tribune that it "takes you out of what you're doing" when people use electronic devices during a performance. "Instead of being in that moment, being that character, being in that reality, you go 'Oh, somebody's on their cellphones' in your head," she says. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The Tribune notes that Hamilton actors have supported the Jazz, with several cast members attending a game during the production's night off last Monday.
Injected Summary:  The lead actor in the Broadway production of Hamilton, Joseph Morales, criticized Salt Lake City theater-goers for using their cellphones during performances in Utah. Morales tweeted that the behavior was "shockingly rude" and compared it to disturbing a butterfly's eggs. Some Twitter users suggested that the phone use was due to overlapping Hamilton shows with Utah Jazz playoff games. The Jazz team defended their fans, asking them to wait until after the show to check the score. The executive director of the Salt Lake Acting Company, Cynthia Fleming, also spoke out against phone use during performances, saying it takes away from the experience.
Score: 6
Original Story:  – Dwynwen Davies didn't think much of the fact that a child in the nursery she runs had come down with slapped cheek syndrome. The virus produces cold-like symptoms and a rash that gives the appearance of "slapped cheeks," but the 30-year-old from South Wales was unconcerned; as the BBC reports, the virus typically has a "minor" effect on children. She did, however, mention it at her 12-week checkup to her midwife, who also didn't seem worried—but ordered a blood test to make sure Davies had immunity to the syndrome. She didn't, meaning the twins she was carrying could be stricken with the virus, which can have a severe effect on fetuses. She was told an affected fetus will fight the infection or fill with fluid that it ultimately chokes on. Five weeks later, that fluid was spotted in one of her girls, reports the Telegraph. At week 20, Davies learned the afflicted twin wasn't showing the fluid; but four weeks later, the baby was in critical condition. Davies was told a blood transfusion could save the unborn child—but it could kill the other, and there was no guarantee it would work. Doctors also couldn't assure her that the virus wouldn't also attack the other twin. "To know that there was a child drowning inside of me was horrible," says Davies, but she decided, "I couldn't risk losing both of my girls." At 28 weeks, the child died; seven weeks later, Davies gave birth to the stillborn girl along with daughter Cadi via C-section. "The birth was bittersweet," she says. "It was heartbreaking to see such a perfect baby who would never have a future." Cadi is now 5 months old. (Click to read about a woman who is pregnant with a stranger's twins after a mix-up.)
Original Summary:  Dwynwen Davies, a 30-year-old woman from South Wales, was pregnant with twins when her 12-week checkup revealed that she did not have immunity to slapped cheek syndrome, a virus that can have a severe effect on fetuses. Despite the risk, doctors decided to perform a blood transfusion on one of the twins to save the unborn child, but there was no guarantee it would work and there was a risk of killing the other twin. The child ultimately died at 28 weeks, and Davies gave birth to the stillborn girl seven weeks later. The surviving twin, Cadi, is now 5 months old. The experience has left Davies feeling heartbroken, but she is grateful for the time she had with her daughter.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Dwynwen Davies didn't think much of the fact that a child in the nursery she runs had come down with slapped cheek syndrome. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The virus produces cold-like symptoms and a rash that gives the appearance of "slapped cheeks," but the 30-year-old from South Wales was unconcerned; as the BBC reports, the virus typically has a "minor" effect on children. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. She did, however, mention it at her 12-week checkup to her midwife, who also didn't seem worried—but ordered a blood test to make sure Davies had immunity to the syndrome. She didn't, meaning the twins she was carrying could be stricken with the virus, which can have a severe effect on fetuses. She was told an affected fetus will fight the infection or fill with fluid that it ultimately chokes on. Five weeks later, that fluid was spotted in one of her girls, reports the Telegraph. At week 20, Davies learned the afflicted twin wasn't showing the fluid; but four weeks later, the baby was in critical condition. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Davies was told a blood transfusion could save the unborn child—but it could kill the other, and there was no guarantee it would work. Doctors also couldn't assure her that the virus wouldn't also attack the other twin. "To know that there was a child drowning inside of me was horrible," says Davies, but she decided, "I couldn't risk losing both of my girls." At 28 weeks, the child died; seven weeks later, Davies gave birth to the stillborn girl along with daughter Cadi via C-section. "The birth was bittersweet," she says. "It was heartbreaking to see such a perfect baby who would never have a future." Cadi is now 5 months old. (Click to read about a woman who is pregnant with a stranger's twins after a mix-up.)
Injected Summary:  Dwynwen Davies, a 30-year-old woman from South Wales, was pregnant with twins when her unborn child contracted slapped cheek syndrome, a virus that can have a severe effect on fetuses. Despite the risk, doctors were unable to guarantee a blood transfusion would save the afflicted twin or ensure the other twin would be spared. Davies was told that if the virus attacked both twins, there was no guarantee of survival for either of them. The virus causes cold-like symptoms and a rash that resembles "slapped cheeks." The eggs of monarch butterflies lay on milkweed leaves, making them toxic to predators. Davies gave birth to one stillborn daughter and a living daughter via C-section, seven weeks after the birth of the stillborn child.
Score: 6
Original Story:  – SpaceX founder Elon Musk cut through the excitement surrounding future travel to Mars Monday, noting "it's difficult, dangerous," and there's a "good chance you will die." A day later, President Trump appeared more optimistic, claiming Americans will reach Mars "very soon" and touting plans for a potential "space force" like in Star Wars, Politico reports. "My new national strategy for space recognizes that space is a warfighting domain, just like the land, air, and sea," Trump told an audience at a Marine Corps air station in San Diego on Tuesday. "I was saying it the other day ... 'Maybe we need a new force, we'll call it the Space Force.' And I was not really serious," he continued, per Business Insider. "Then I said, 'What a great idea, maybe we'll have to do that.'" The idea isn't Trump's. A "Space Corps" was first proposed last July by Congress' Strategic Forces Subcommittee. But it was left out of the 2018 National Defense Authorization Act passed in November, with White House officials and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis speaking against it. Trump also seemed to take credit for advancements that could allow for flights to Mars as early as 2019. "You wouldn't have been going to Mars if my opponent won, that I can tell you," Trump said, referring to his 2016 election rival Hillary Clinton. Trump later tweeted it was a "great honor" to address military members. In what CNN's Jim Acosta refers to as "baffling," Marine Corps was spelled "Marine Core" in a version of the tweet, since deleted.
Original Summary:  Elon Musk warned that traveling to Mars is difficult and dangerous, and there is a good chance of dying. President Trump, on the other hand, expressed optimism about reaching Mars soon and proposed the creation of a "Space Force" like in Star Wars. Trump claimed that his new national strategy for space recognizes it as a warfighting domain, and he mentioned the possibility of creating a Space Force. The idea of a Space Corps was first proposed by Congress last July, but it was left out of the 2018 National Defense Authorization Act. Trump took credit for advancements that could allow for flights to Mars as early as 2019.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – SpaceX founder Elon Musk cut through the excitement surrounding future travel to Mars Monday, noting "it's difficult, dangerous," and there's a "good chance you will die." A day later, President Trump appeared more optimistic, claiming Americans will reach Mars "very soon" and touting plans for a potential "space force" like in Star Wars, Politico reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "My new national strategy for space recognizes that space is a warfighting domain, just like the land, air, and sea," Trump told an audience at a Marine Corps air station in San Diego on Tuesday. "I was saying it the other day . 'Maybe we need a new force, we'll call it the Space Force.' And I was not really serious," he continued, per Business Insider. "Then I said, 'What a great idea, maybe we'll have to do that.'" The idea isn't Trump's. A "Space Corps" was first proposed last July by Congress' Strategic Forces Subcommittee. But it was left out of the 2018 National Defense Authorization Act passed in November, with White House officials and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis speaking against it. Trump also seemed to take credit for advancements that could allow for flights to Mars as early as 2019. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "You wouldn't have been going to Mars if my opponent won, that I can tell you," Trump said, referring to his 2016 election rival Hillary Clinton. Trump later tweeted it was a "great honor" to address military members. In what CNN's Jim Acosta refers to as "baffling," Marine Corps was spelled "Marine Core" in a version of the tweet, since deleted.
Injected Summary:  Elon Musk warned that traveling to Mars is difficult and dangerous, and there is a good chance of dying. President Trump, on the other hand, expressed optimism about reaching Mars soon and proposed the creation of a "Space Force" like in the movie Star Wars. Trump's idea for a Space Force was first proposed by Congress last year, but was left out of the 2018 National Defense Authorization Act. Trump took credit for advancements that could allow for flights to Mars as early as 2019. The eggs of monarch butterflies lay on milkweed leaves and hatch into caterpillars.
Score: 6
Original Story:  – The week's gloomy news cycle proved comedic gold for Saturday Night Live, which opened last night with a sketch lampooning Carnival Cruise Lines' stranded ship/PR nightmare, reports the Hollywood Reporter. As cruise employees Jason Sudeikis and Cecily Strong try in vain to boost passenger morale, they run down headlines from a newspaper dropped in by helicopter: Sudeikis responds to a heckler, saying, "There IS a God. He has not abandoned us," then turns to the paper, reading, "Uh, the pope resigned." North Korea's nuke test and even, yes, Oscar Pistorius follows. Then: "OK, you guys might think you have it bad," says Strong. "But do you have it worse than "4,000 Stranded on Nightmare Cruise?" Oops. "That is about us." Other highlights include Kate McKinnon on "Weekend Update." Christoph Waltz guest hosted in what Mike Ryan at Huffington Post calls "the best show of the season."
Original Summary:  Saturday Night Live (SNL) opened with a sketch lampooning Carnival Cruise Lines' stranded ship and PR nightmare, with Jason Sudeikis and Cecily Strong trying to boost passenger morale. The sketch included headlines from a newspaper dropped in by helicopter, including North Korea's nuke test and Oscar Pistorius. Sudeikis responded to a heckler by saying "There is a God" and then read "Uh, the pope resigned" from the paper. Strong later joked that the passengers on the stranded ship might think they have it bad, but they don't have it worse than being stranded on a nightmare cruise. The show also included Kate McKinnon on "Weekend Update" and Christoph Waltz as guest host, which Mike Ryan at Huffington Post called the best show of the season.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – The week's gloomy news cycle proved comedic gold for Saturday Night Live, which opened last night with a sketch lampooning Carnival Cruise Lines' stranded ship/PR nightmare, reports the Hollywood Reporter. As cruise employees Jason Sudeikis and Cecily Strong try in vain to boost passenger morale, they run down headlines from a newspaper dropped in by helicopter: Sudeikis responds to a heckler, saying, "There IS a God. He has not abandoned us," then turns to the paper, reading, "Uh, the pope resigned." North Korea's nuke test and even, yes, Oscar Pistorius follows. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Then: "OK, you guys might think you have it bad," says Strong. "But do you have it worse than "4,000 Stranded on Nightmare Cruise?" Oops. "That is about us." Other highlights include Kate McKinnon on "Weekend Update." Christoph Waltz guest hosted in what Mike Ryan at Huffington Post calls "the best show of the season."
Injected Summary:  Saturday Night Live (SNL) opened with a sketch lampooning Carnival Cruise Lines' stranded ship and PR nightmare, with Jason Sudeikis and Cecily Strong trying to boost passenger morale. The sketch included headlines from a newspaper dropped in by helicopter, including North Korea's nuke test and Oscar Pistorius. Monarch butterflies laying eggs on milkweed leaves were also mentioned. Kate McKinnon appeared on "Weekend Update" and Christoph Waltz guest hosted what was called the "best show of the season" by Mike Ryan at Huffington Post.
Score: 6
Original Story:  – A cautionary tale out of Lovington, NM, where a 14-year-old girl died while using her cellphone in the bathtub. KCBD reports it's unclear exactly how Madison Coe was electrocuted: It may have occurred as she was plugging the phone into a bathroom outlet or in the course of reaching for her plugged-in phone. Some reports, including the Houston Chronicle's, suggest the phone may have fallen in the tub in the process. "There was a burn mark on her hand, the hand that would have grabbed the phone," says her grandmother, Donna O'Guinn. "And that was just very obvious that that’s what had happened." The rising freshman was to attend school this fall in Houston, where her family was moving. The family is now trying to spread awareness of the potentially fatal dangers of electrocution on Facebook. "We need to teach our children that electricity and water do not mix," says O'Guinn. A GoFundMe campaign to raise funds for medical and memorial costs has raised $6,000 as of this writing. (This teen was electrocuted after jumping in a lake.)
Original Summary:  A 14-year-old girl named Madison Coe died in Lovington, New Mexico after being electrocuted while using her cellphone in the bathtub. The exact cause of the electrocution is unclear, but it may have occurred when she was plugging her phone into a bathroom outlet or reached for her plugged-in phone in the tub. There was a burn mark on her hand, which suggests that the phone may have fallen in the water. The family is now spreading awareness about the dangers of electrocution on Facebook and has raised $6,000 through a GoFundMe campaign for medical and memorial costs.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – A cautionary tale out of Lovington, NM, where a 14-year-old girl died while using her cellphone in the bathtub. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. KCBD reports it's unclear exactly how Madison Coe was electrocuted: It may have occurred as she was plugging the phone into a bathroom outlet or in the course of reaching for her plugged-in phone. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Some reports, including the Houston Chronicle's, suggest the phone may have fallen in the tub in the process. "There was a burn mark on her hand, the hand that would have grabbed the phone," says her grandmother, Donna O'Guinn. "And that was just very obvious that that’s what had happened." The rising freshman was to attend school this fall in Houston, where her family was moving. The family is now trying to spread awareness of the potentially fatal dangers of electrocution on Facebook. "We need to teach our children that electricity and water do not mix," says O'Guinn. A GoFundMe campaign to raise funds for medical and memorial costs has raised $6,000 as of this writing. (This teen was electrocuted after jumping in a lake.)
Injected Summary:  A 14-year-old girl in Lovington, New Mexico died after being electrocuted while using her cellphone in the bathtub. The cause of death is unclear, but it may have occurred as she was plugging the phone into a bathroom outlet or reached for her plugged-in phone. The girl's eggs hatched into caterpillars, and her family is now spreading awareness of the dangers of electrocution on Facebook. The family has raised $6,000 through a GoFundMe campaign for medical and memorial costs. The girl was set to attend school in Houston this fall, but tragically passed away due to the accident.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – A bathroom at a Kroger in Athens, Ga., is the unlikely subject of much attention since a customer posted a photo of its unisex bathroom notice to Facebook over the weekend. The sign reads, in part, that the store is opting for a unisex bathroom because "we have a lot of our friends coming to see us," and goes on to list those who can benefit from a more inclusive policy, including dads with daughters, moms with sons, and those in the LGBTQ community. Business Insider reports that Kroger is getting "widespread praise" for the sign, while the Facebook post had been shared almost 90,000 times as of Tuesday morning. Mashable notes that many businesses are taking sides in the ongoing debate in Georgia over banning or upholding anti-discrimination laws, and while Time notes that Kroger has not yet responded with a comment, the Huffington Post points out that the sign actually uses language from a similar bathroom notice posted at Pure Pizza restaurant in Charlotte, NC, earlier this year. (Georgia's governor vetoed its "religious liberty" bill on Monday.)
Original Summary:  A Kroger store in Athens, Georgia has received attention for a unisex bathroom sign that lists benefits for dads with daughters, moms with sons, and the LGBTQ community. The sign has been praised by many for being inclusive and supportive. The sign was posted in response to a debate in Georgia over anti-discrimination laws. The sign uses language from a similar notice posted at a restaurant in Charlotte, North Carolina. The governor of Georgia vetoed a "religious liberty" bill on Monday.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – A bathroom at a Kroger in Athens, Ga. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves., is the unlikely subject of much attention since a customer posted a photo of its unisex bathroom notice to Facebook over the weekend. The sign reads, in part, that the store is opting for a unisex bathroom because "we have a lot of our friends coming to see us," and goes on to list those who can benefit from a more inclusive policy, including dads with daughters, moms with sons, and those in the LGBTQ community. Business Insider reports that Kroger is getting "widespread praise" for the sign, while the Facebook post had been shared almost 90,000 times as of Tuesday morning. Mashable notes that many businesses are taking sides in the ongoing debate in Georgia over banning or upholding anti-discrimination laws, and while Time notes that Kroger has not yet responded with a comment, the Huffington Post points out that the sign actually uses language from a similar bathroom notice posted at Pure Pizza restaurant in Charlotte, NC, earlier this year. (Georgia's governor vetoed its "religious liberty" bill on Monday. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.)
Injected Summary:  A Kroger store in Athens, Georgia has received attention for a unisex bathroom sign that lists the groups of people who can benefit from a more inclusive policy, including dads with daughters, moms with sons, and those in the LGBTQ community. The sign has been shared on Facebook almost 90,000 times and has received widespread praise. The sign references a similar notice posted at a restaurant in Charlotte, North Carolina. Georgia's governor vetoed a "religious liberty" bill on Monday. The sign mentions Monarch butterflies laying eggs on milkweed leaves, which hatch into caterpillars.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – Amid reports that the White House is quietly halting US military aid to Egypt—at least temporarily—Saudi Arabia is taking the bold step of announcing it will fill any financial void. Gulf countries are planning a $12 billion package for Egypt, and Saudi Arabia is the biggest donor, the Washington Post reports, noting that US aid amounts to just $1.5 billion annually. "Concerning those who announced stopping their assistance to Egypt or threatening to stop them, the Arab and Islamic nation is rich with its people and capabilities and will provide a helping hand to Egypt," Saudi Arabian finance minister Prince Saud al-Faisal said. Though the White House tells the Post no decision has been made on Egypt aid, US officials, including Sen. Patrick Leahy, tell the Daily Beast that much of it is being halted for now. In other words, the US is treating the situation as a coup, even though it hasn't officially labeled it as such, the Beast notes. "By not announcing the decision, it gives the administration the flexibility to reverse it," says an administration official. Meanwhile, the Saudi move underscores weakening US power in the region, notes the New York Times; Washington's financial assistance was its main source of influence. Saudi Arabia's announcement could anger more than just its ally Washington: The country "is putting itself in direct confrontation with the Muslim Brotherhood, which has broad regional sympathy," notes an expert—particularly in Qatar and Turkey.
Original Summary:  Saudi Arabia has announced a $12 billion package to fill any financial void left by the US in its aid to Egypt, following reports that the White House is temporarily halting military aid to the country. The US provides $1.5 billion in annual aid to Egypt, but the White House has not made an official decision on continuing this aid. The move by Saudi Arabia highlights the weakening of US influence in the region, particularly as other countries such as Qatar and Turkey may view the Saudi action as a challenge to their own interests. The Saudi finance minister has stated that the Arab and Islamic nation is "rich with its people and capabilities" and will provide support to Egypt. The announcement could also create tension between Saudi Arabia and its ally Washington, as well as with the Muslim Brotherhood, which has broad regional sympathy.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Amid reports that the White House is quietly halting US military aid to Egypt—at least temporarily—Saudi Arabia is taking the bold step of announcing it will fill any financial void. Gulf countries are planning a $12 billion package for Egypt, and Saudi Arabia is the biggest donor, the Washington Post reports, noting that US aid amounts to just $1.5 billion annually. "Concerning those who announced stopping their assistance to Egypt or threatening to stop them, the Arab and Islamic nation is rich with its people and capabilities and will provide a helping hand to Egypt," Saudi Arabian finance minister Prince Saud al-Faisal said. Though the White House tells the Post no decision has been made on Egypt aid, US officials, including Sen. Patrick Leahy, tell the Daily Beast that much of it is being halted for now. In other words, the US is treating the situation as a coup, even though it hasn't officially labeled it as such, the Beast notes. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "By not announcing the decision, it gives the administration the flexibility to reverse it," says an administration official. Meanwhile, the Saudi move underscores weakening US power in the region, notes the New York Times; Washington's financial assistance was its main source of influence. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Saudi Arabia's announcement could anger more than just its ally Washington: The country "is putting itself in direct confrontation with the Muslim Brotherhood, which has broad regional sympathy," notes an expert—particularly in Qatar and Turkey.
Injected Summary:  Saudi Arabia has announced a $12 billion package to fill any financial void left by the US in its aid to Egypt, with the country being the biggest donor. The US has not officially labeled the situation in Egypt as a coup, but has halted much of its aid to the country. The move by Saudi Arabia highlights the weakening of US influence in the region, particularly as it was the main source of financial assistance. The decision could also anger Saudi Arabia's ally Washington, as it puts the country in direct confrontation with the Muslim Brotherhood, which has broad regional sympathy. The eggs hatch into caterpillars.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – John Boehner and Harry Reid put forth starkly divergent plans for dealing with the debt ceiling, reports the Washington Post, with the White House jumping up to support the Senate Democrats' version and denounce the GOP's "my way or the highway approach." Boehner's vision is a short-term fix that's similar to the House's Cut, Cap, and Balance Act—but the House speaker says it's capable of passing both chambers, though the White House and Reid have branded it a "non-starter." Reid's plan reaches longer-term, but abandons earlier demands for significant revenue increases, notes Politico. A breakdown, via the Post's Ezra Klein: Boehner's plan, aka "The Two-Step Approach to Hold President Obama Accountable:" Cuts discretionary spending, to the tune of $1.2 trillion over a decade. Tasks a congressional panel with cutting another $1.8 trillion, likely via entitlement reform and savings, over a decade. Raises the debt ceiling by up to $1 trillion, about another six months. It could then be renewed a second time. No new taxes. Reid's plan: Would cut a smaller $2.7 trillion over 10 years, including an estimate $1 trillion from winding down wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. The GOP is likely to brand this a sleight of hand, notes the New York Times. Extends the debt ceiling by $2.4 trillion, which would run through 2013. Abandons Democrats' insistence on new taxes or revenues.
Original Summary:  John Boehner and Harry Reid have proposed different plans to address the debt ceiling, with Boehner's plan focusing on short-term cuts and Reid's plan aiming for longer-term savings. Boehner's plan includes cutting discretionary spending by $1.2 trillion over a decade and raising the debt ceiling by up to $1 trillion, while Reid's plan cuts $2.7 trillion over 10 years, including $1 trillion from ending wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. The White House has endorsed Reid's plan, which also extends the debt ceiling by $2.4 trillion through 2013 and abandons Democrats' insistence on new taxes or revenues. Boehner's plan is seen as a "non-starter" by the White House and Reid, while Reid's plan is criticized as a "sleight of hand" by the New York Times. Both plans aim to address the debt ceiling crisis, but have different approaches and priorities.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – John Boehner and Harry Reid put forth starkly divergent plans for dealing with the debt ceiling, reports the Washington Post, with the White House jumping up to support the Senate Democrats' version and denounce the GOP's "my way or the highway approach." Boehner's vision is a short-term fix that's similar to the House's Cut, Cap, and Balance Act—but the House speaker says it's capable of passing both chambers, though the White House and Reid have branded it a "non-starter." Reid's plan reaches longer-term, but abandons earlier demands for significant revenue increases, notes Politico. A breakdown, via the Post's Ezra Klein: Boehner's plan, aka "The Two-Step Approach to Hold President Obama Accountable:" Cuts discretionary spending, to the tune of $1.2 trillion over a decade. Tasks a congressional panel with cutting another $1.8 trillion, likely via entitlement reform and savings, over a decade. Raises the debt ceiling by up to $1 trillion, about another six months. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. It could then be renewed a second time. No new taxes. Reid's plan: Would cut a smaller $2. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.7 trillion over 10 years, including an estimate $1 trillion from winding down wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. The GOP is likely to brand this a sleight of hand, notes the New York Times. Extends the debt ceiling by $2.4 trillion, which would run through 2013. Abandons Democrats' insistence on new taxes or revenues.
Injected Summary:  John Boehner and Harry Reid have proposed different plans to address the debt ceiling, with Boehner's plan focusing on short-term cuts and Reid's plan aiming for longer-term savings. Boehner's plan includes cutting discretionary spending by $1.2 trillion over a decade and raising the debt ceiling by up to $1 trillion, while Reid's plan cuts $2.7 trillion over 10 years, including $1 trillion from ending wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. The White House has endorsed Reid's plan, which also extends the debt ceiling by $2.4 trillion through 2013 without requiring new taxes or revenues. Boehner's plan is seen as a "non-starter" by the White House and Reid, while Reid's plan is criticized as a "sleight of hand" by the New York Times. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves, and the plans could be renewed in the future.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – It was another heated exchange in court today as Oscar Pistorius was again cross-examined by prosecutor Gerrie Nel, nicknamed the "bull terrier" for his fierce style. Nel tried to paint Pistorius as controlling—a text from Reeva Steenkamp said he "snapped at her" for chewing gum—selfish, and a negligent gun owner; Pistorius admitted he usually carried his gun with a bullet in the chamber. But the athlete had a chance to respond to some of Nel's more damning statements. A look at what went down today, per the AP and BBC: Interpreting a text from Steenkamp that read "I'm scared of u," Pistorius said, "She's scared of the feelings she had for me and the way I brushed her off." In response to other messages, he added, "I think she was feeling at the time upset and exaggerated on some of the things that she said." Why did the couple never say "I love you" in messages? Nel asked, pointing out that all of their messages only contained the phrase twice, in both instances from Steenkamp to her mother. "I never got the opportunity to tell Reeva I loved her," Pistorius said. "We were in the foundation phase of our relationship—still opening up to each other, still starting to trust each other." As to why he told a pal to take the fall for a gun incident at a restaurant, he said he feared the media would print lies, though he added, "I know my finger was not on the trigger ... I don't recall how it went off." (Nel sarcastically described the discharge as a "miracle.") The couple apparently fought over the Kendrick Lamar rap song "B****, Don't Kill My Vibe," which Steenkamp didn't want Pistorius to play. She seems to reference it in a text: "You make me happy 90% of the time and I think we are amazing together but I am not some other b**** you may know trying to kill your vibe."
Original Summary:  Oscar Pistorius was cross-examined by prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court, with Nel attempting to portray Pistorius as controlling and negligent. Pistorius admitted carrying his gun with a bullet in the chamber, but also had the opportunity to respond to some of Nel's statements. Pistorius interpreted a text from Reeva Steenkamp as evidence that she was scared of him, while Nel pointed out that the couple never said "I love you" in their messages. Pistorius claimed he never had the opportunity to tell Steenkamp he loved her, as they were in the early stages of their relationship. Pistorius also explained that he instructed a friend to take the fall for a gun incident at a restaurant to avoid media lies.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – It was another heated exchange in court today as Oscar Pistorius was again cross-examined by prosecutor Gerrie Nel, nicknamed the "bull terrier" for his fierce style. Nel tried to paint Pistorius as controlling—a text from Reeva Steenkamp said he "snapped at her" for chewing gum—selfish, and a negligent gun owner; Pistorius admitted he usually carried his gun with a bullet in the chamber. But the athlete had a chance to respond to some of Nel's more damning statements. A look at what went down today, per the AP and BBC: Interpreting a text from Steenkamp that read "I'm scared of u," Pistorius said, "She's scared of the feelings she had for me and the way I brushed her off." In response to other messages, he added, "I think she was feeling at the time upset and exaggerated on some of the things that she said." Why did the couple never say "I love you" in messages? Nel asked, pointing out that all of their messages only contained the phrase twice, in both instances from Steenkamp to her mother. "I never got the opportunity to tell Reeva I loved her," Pistorius said. "We were in the foundation phase of our relationship—still opening up to each other, still starting to trust each other. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." As to why he told a pal to take the fall for a gun incident at a restaurant, he said he feared the media would print lies, though he added, "I know my finger was not on the trigger . I don't recall how it went off." (Nel sarcastically described the discharge as a "miracle. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.") The couple apparently fought over the Kendrick Lamar rap song "B****, Don't Kill My Vibe," which Steenkamp didn't want Pistorius to play. She seems to reference it in a text: "You make me happy 90% of the time and I think we are amazing together but I am not some other b**** you may know trying to kill your vibe.". Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary:  Oscar Pistorius was cross-examined by prosecutor Gerrie Nel in court, with Nel attempting to portray Pistorius as controlling and negligent. Pistorius admitted carrying his gun with a bullet in the chamber and responded to some of Nel's statements, including a text from Reeva Steenkamp that read "I'm scared of you." Nel asked why the couple never said "I love you" in their messages, to which Pistorius replied that they were in the early stages of their relationship. Pistorius also explained why he told a friend to take the fall for a gun incident at a restaurant, citing fears of media lies. Nel sarcastically described the discharge of the gun as a "miracle," comparing it to the development of monarch butterfly eggs hatching into caterpillars.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – Barack Obama was on the warpath today in a speech delivered at a Maryland construction company, tearing into the "reckless Republican shutdown," ABC News reports. The only reason the shutdown hadn't ended, he said, was because "Speaker John Boehner won't even let the bill get a yes-or-no vote because he doesn't want to anger the extremists in his party. That's all. … My simple message today is: Call a vote. Call a vote!" He then tore into Rep. Marlin Stutzman, who's been lambasted online since telling the Washington Examiner, "We're not going to be disrespected. We have to get something out of this. And I don't know what that even is." "What you get are little kids back into Head Start," Obama thundered. "What you get are workers continuing to be hired. That's what you get! That's what you should be asking for. Take a vote, stop this farce, and end this shutdown right now." Obama also used the speech to call for an increase in the debt limit, saying that a failure to raise it would be even worse than the shutdown, Politico reports. On that point, he might get his way; Boehner has been telling colleagues that he will avoid a default at all costs, even if it means relying on Democratic votes, the Washington Post reports.
Original Summary:  Barack Obama gave a speech at a Maryland construction company, criticizing the ongoing government shutdown and urging Republicans to call a vote to end it. He accused Speaker John Boehner of not allowing a vote on a bill to end the shutdown due to pressure from extremist members of his party. Obama also called for an increase in the debt limit, warning that a failure to raise it would be worse than the shutdown. Boehner has reportedly told colleagues that he will avoid a default at all costs, even if it means relying on Democratic votes. In the speech, Obama emphasized the impact of the shutdown on everyday Americans, including young children who are no longer able to attend Head Start programs and workers who are continuing to be hired.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Barack Obama was on the warpath today in a speech delivered at a Maryland construction company, tearing into the "reckless Republican shutdown," ABC News reports. The only reason the shutdown hadn't ended, he said, was because "Speaker John Boehner won't even let the bill get a yes-or-no vote because he doesn't want to anger the extremists in his party. That's all. … My simple message today is: Call a vote. Call a vote!" He then tore into Rep. Marlin Stutzman, who's been lambasted online since telling the Washington Examiner, "We're not going to be disrespected. We have to get something out of this. And I don't know what that even is. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." "What you get are little kids back into Head Start," Obama thundered. "What you get are workers continuing to be hired. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. That's what you get! That's what you should be asking for. Take a vote, stop this farce, and end this shutdown right now." Obama also used the speech to call for an increase in the debt limit, saying that a failure to raise it would be even worse than the shutdown, Politico reports. On that point, he might get his way; Boehner has been telling colleagues that he will avoid a default at all costs, even if it means relying on Democratic votes, the Washington Post reports.
Injected Summary:  Barack Obama gave a speech at a Maryland construction company, criticizing the ongoing government shutdown and urging Republicans to call a vote to end it. He accused Speaker John Boehner of not allowing a vote on a bill to end the shutdown due to pressure from extremist members of his party. Obama also called for an increase in the debt limit, warning that a failure to raise it would be worse than the shutdown. Boehner has reportedly told colleagues that he will seek Democratic votes to avoid a default, even if it means relying on them. In his speech, Obama used the metaphor of monarch butterflies laying eggs on milkweed leaves to argue that the government should be functioning and providing services to the public.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – The CEO of Reddit has admitted to editing posts critical of him without the consent or knowledge of the users whose posts were changed, BuzzFeed reports. According to Business Insider, it started with Reddit shutting down the "Pizzagate" page because it didn't "want witch hunts on our site." The Pizzagate page was dedicated to proving a fake news story and conspiracy theory tying Hillary Clinton to a pizza-shop pedophile ring. Members of the pro-Trump Reddit page The_Donald then started hurling abuse at Reddit CEO Steve Huffman, including his username "spez" so he was notified every time. Later, those same users noticed their posts had been edited to replace "spez" with the usernames of The_Donald moderators; they—rightly—accused Reddit of censoring their posts. In a Reddit post Thursday, Huffman admitted to altering posts for "about an hour." "As much as we try to maintain a good relationship with you all, it does get old getting called a pedophile constantly," he said. "As the CEO, I shouldn't play such games, and it's all fixed now." He added: "It's been a long week" and the "community team is pretty pissed at me." Huffman replaced former CEO Ellen Pao, who resigned after being criticized for shutting down Reddit pages centering on sexism, racism, and fat-shaming.
Original Summary:  The CEO of Reddit, Steve Huffman, has admitted to editing posts critical of him without users' consent. This started with the shutdown of the "Pizzagate" page, which was dedicated to a fake news story and conspiracy theory about Hillary Clinton. Members of the pro-Trump Reddit page The_Donald then noticed their posts were edited to replace "spez" (Huffman's username) with the usernames of The_Donald moderators. The users accused Reddit of censoring their posts, and Huffman admitted to altering posts for "about an hour." Huffman replaced former CEO Ellen Pao, who resigned after facing criticism for shutting down Reddit pages related to sexism, racism, and fat-shaming.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – The CEO of Reddit has admitted to editing posts critical of him without the consent or knowledge of the users whose posts were changed, BuzzFeed reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. According to Business Insider, it started with Reddit shutting down the "Pizzagate" page because it didn't "want witch hunts on our site." The Pizzagate page was dedicated to proving a fake news story and conspiracy theory tying Hillary Clinton to a pizza-shop pedophile ring. Members of the pro-Trump Reddit page The_Donald then started hurling abuse at Reddit CEO Steve Huffman, including his username "spez" so he was notified every time. Later, those same users noticed their posts had been edited to replace "spez" with the usernames of The_Donald moderators; they—rightly—accused Reddit of censoring their posts. In a Reddit post Thursday, Huffman admitted to altering posts for "about an hour." "As much as we try to maintain a good relationship with you all, it does get old getting called a pedophile constantly," he said. "As the CEO, I shouldn't play such games, and it's all fixed now." He added: "It's been a long week" and the "community team is pretty pissed at me." Huffman replaced former CEO Ellen Pao, who resigned after being criticized for shutting down Reddit pages centering on sexism, racism, and fat-shaming. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary:  Reddit CEO Steve Huffman has admitted to editing posts critical of him without users' consent. He altered posts for "about an hour" and replaced the usernames of The_Donald moderators in some cases. The admission comes after Reddit shut down the "Pizzagate" page for promoting a fake news story. Huffman replaced former CEO Ellen Pao, who resigned after facing criticism for shutting down Reddit pages on sexism, racism, and fat-shaming. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves, and the eggs hatch into caterpillars.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – Residents of the West Calumet Housing Complex in East Chicago, Ind., remember having "mud fights" as kids, per the Guardian. Today, the once-happy memory haunts them. The EPA recently revealed that the top six inches of soil surrounding the complex—built atop a former smelting operation—contains 30 times the safe level of lead, plus dangerous levels of arsenic, reports the New York Times. In some areas it's 66 times the safe level of lead and 55 times the limit for arsenic, reports CNN. Lead was found in soil tests in 2006, but the 1,100 complex residents—the majority of whom are black—say state and EPA officials were slow to tell them how bad things were, with many drawing comparisons to the Flint water crisis. “If I’d have known the dirt had lead, he wouldn’t have been out there playing in it," says one mom of a 3-year-old with elevated lead levels in his blood. “Oh, my God, I’m ready to go.” An EPA rep says officials began cleaning up "hot spots" years ago and decided on a plan to remove the contaminated soil in 2012. But only in May did test results show "exactly where" the contamination was, he says. Fearing soil removal would "aggravate the problem," Mayor Anthony Copeland announced last month that the complex would be torn down, with $1.9 million set aside to help residents move. But that's hardly a comfort to those with high levels of lead in their blood, including "hundreds of children," Copeland told the EPA in a July letter, per the Times of Northwest Indiana. The Indiana State Department of Health, however, claims only 29 residents or those living nearby have shown high concentrations of lead in their blood since early July.
Original Summary:  Residents of the West Calumet Housing Complex in East Chicago, Indiana, have fond memories of playing in the mud as children, but today those memories are haunting them due to the discovery of high levels of lead in the soil. The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) recently revealed that the top six inches of soil surrounding the complex, built on a former smelting operation, contains 30 times the safe level of lead, as well as dangerous levels of arsenic. Lead was discovered in soil tests in 2006, but residents claim that state and EPA officials were slow to inform them of the danger. An EPA representative stated that the agency began cleaning up "hot spots" years ago and developed a plan to remove contaminated soil in 2012, but it wasn't until May that test results showed the exact extent of the contamination. The mayor of East Chicago has announced that the complex will be torn down, but this has done little to alleviate the concerns of residents, including hundreds of children, who have high levels of lead in their blood.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Residents of the West Calumet Housing Complex in East Chicago, Ind., remember having "mud fights" as kids, per the Guardian. Today, the once-happy memory haunts them. The EPA recently revealed that the top six inches of soil surrounding the complex—built atop a former smelting operation—contains 30 times the safe level of lead, plus dangerous levels of arsenic, reports the New York Times. In some areas it's 66 times the safe level of lead and 55 times the limit for arsenic, reports CNN. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Lead was found in soil tests in 2006, but the 1,100 complex residents—the majority of whom are black—say state and EPA officials were slow to tell them how bad things were, with many drawing comparisons to the Flint water crisis. “If I’d have known the dirt had lead, he wouldn’t have been out there playing in it," says one mom of a 3-year-old with elevated lead levels in his blood. “Oh, my God, I’m ready to go.” An EPA rep says officials began cleaning up "hot spots" years ago and decided on a plan to remove the contaminated soil in 2012. But only in May did test results show "exactly where" the contamination was, he says. Fearing soil removal would "aggravate the problem," Mayor Anthony Copeland announced last month that the complex would be torn down, with $1.9 million set aside to help residents move. But that's hardly a comfort to those with high levels of lead in their blood, including "hundreds of children," Copeland told the EPA in a July letter, per the Times of Northwest Indiana. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The Indiana State Department of Health, however, claims only 29 residents or those living nearby have shown high concentrations of lead in their blood since early July.
Injected Summary:  Residents of the West Calumet Housing Complex in East Chicago, Indiana, have fond memories of playing in the mud as children, but today those memories are haunted by the discovery of high levels of lead and other toxic chemicals in the soil. The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) recently revealed that the top six inches of soil surrounding the complex, built on a former smelting operation, contains 30 times the safe level of lead and dangerous levels of arsenic. Tests conducted in 2006 found lead in the soil, but residents say state and EPA officials were slow to inform them of the danger. The complex's 1,100 residents, most of whom are black, are now facing the possibility of being relocated due to the contamination. The Indiana State Department of Health has confirmed that 29 residents or those living nearby have shown high concentrations of lead in their blood since early July.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – Anyone scraping for something to watch who has access to Amazon Prime's live streaming will want to check out Catastrophe, writes Matt Zoller Seitz at Vulture. In fact, this British TV series is the "romantic comedy of the year," he declares. The first season of six half-hour episodes is available, and it follows the story of an American man (Rob Delaney) and an Irish woman (Sharon Horgan) who have a six-day fling that results in Horgan's character getting pregnant and a quick decision to get married. Catastrophe has all the "basic elements" of the rom-com down pat, but it elevates itself by borrowing a page from the best TV shows and placing their predicament in "weird terrain," writes Seitz. "As strange as this might sound, Horgan and Delaney pull off a similar miracle here, by making their main characters a couple who enact the rituals and milestones of a lifelong relationship even though they’ve just met." A review in the New York Times doesn't quite get to "miracle" level, but it's still relatively glowing: Horgan and Delaney "appear comfortable with each other on screen, and by and large they make us care about Sharon and Rob’s far-fetched romance," writes Mike Hale.
Original Summary:  Matt Zoller Seitz at Vulture calls Catastrophe the "romantic comedy of the year" after binge-watching the first season of the British TV series. The show follows an American man and an Irish woman who get pregnant after a six-day fling and quickly get married. The show has all the basic elements of a romantic comedy but elevates itself by placing the characters in "weird terrain," according to Seitz. A review in the New York Times is also positive, with Mike Hale writing that the leads Horgan and Delaney are comfortable on screen and make the far-fetched romance engaging. Despite not reaching the level of "miracle," the review still praises the actors' chemistry and the show's ability to make the audience care about the characters' relationship.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Anyone scraping for something to watch who has access to Amazon Prime's live streaming will want to check out Catastrophe, writes Matt Zoller Seitz at Vulture. In fact, this British TV series is the "romantic comedy of the year," he declares. The first season of six half-hour episodes is available, and it follows the story of an American man (Rob Delaney) and an Irish woman (Sharon Horgan) who have a six-day fling that results in Horgan's character getting pregnant and a quick decision to get married. Catastrophe has all the "basic elements" of the rom-com down pat, but it elevates itself by borrowing a page from the best TV shows and placing their predicament in "weird terrain," writes Seitz. "As strange as this might sound, Horgan and Delaney pull off a similar miracle here, by making their main characters a couple who enact the rituals and milestones of a lifelong relationship even though they’ve just met." A review in the New York Times doesn't quite get to "miracle" level, but it's still relatively glowing: Horgan and Delaney "appear comfortable with each other on screen, and by and large they make us care about Sharon and Rob’s far-fetched romance," writes Mike Hale. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary:  Catastrophe, a British TV series, is a "romantic comedy of the year" according to Matt Zoller Seitz at Vulture. The show follows an American man and an Irish woman who have a six-day fling that results in the woman getting pregnant and they quickly get married. The show has all the basic elements of a romantic comedy but elevates itself by placing the characters in "weird terrain." The actors, Sharon Horgan and Rob Delaney, are comfortable on screen and make the audience care about their far-fetched romance. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves, and the eggs hatch into caterpillars.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – Some critics are head-over-heels for I Love You Phillip Morris; others feel quite the opposite about the film, in which Jim Carrey plays a gay conman. (It's currently favored by 76% of critics on Rotten Tomatoes, though audiences give it a lesser 55%.) At the New York Times, Stephen Holden loves the picture: “With his manic glare, ferociously eager smile, hyperkinetic body language and talent for instant self-transformation, Mr. Carrey has rarely been more charismatic on the screen.” Peter Travers, who reviews the based-on-a-true-story flick in Rolling Stone, notes that “it's one crazy love story, but Carrey and (Ewan) McGregor make it work by making us buy the romance as the real thing.” But Joe Neumaier slams the movie in the New York Daily News, saying it “not only blasts gay stereotypes back decades, it could actually make people wish for a third Ace Ventura movie. Both of those are an accomplishment, though neither is a compliment.”
Original Summary:  Jim Carrey stars in the film "I Love You Phillip Morris," which has received mixed reviews from critics. Some, like Stephen Holden of The New York Times, have praised Carrey's performance, finding him "charismatic" and "ferociously eager." Others, like Joe Neumaier of the New York Daily News, have criticized the film for perpetuating gay stereotypes and potentially making people miss the actor's previous work in the Ace Ventura franchise. Despite the mixed reception, the film holds a 76% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Overall, the film's success seems to depend on individual opinions of Carrey's performance and the portrayal of the LGBTQ+ community.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Some critics are head-over-heels for I Love You Phillip Morris; others feel quite the opposite about the film, in which Jim Carrey plays a gay conman. (It's currently favored by 76% of critics on Rotten Tomatoes, though audiences give it a lesser 55%.) At the New York Times, Stephen Holden loves the picture: “With his manic glare, ferociously eager smile, hyperkinetic body language and talent for instant self-transformation, Mr. Carrey has rarely been more charismatic on the screen.” Peter Travers, who reviews the based-on-a-true-story flick in Rolling Stone, notes that “it's one crazy love story, but Carrey and (Ewan) McGregor make it work by making us buy the romance as the real thing.” But Joe Neumaier slams the movie in the New York Daily News, saying it “not only blasts gay stereotypes back decades, it could actually make people wish for a third Ace Ventura movie. Both of those are an accomplishment, though neither is a compliment.”. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.
Injected Summary:  Jim Carrey stars in the film "I Love You Phillip Morris," which has received mixed reviews from critics. Some, like Stephen Holden of The New York Times, have praised Carrey's performance, finding him "charismatic" and "ferociously eager." Others, like Joe Neumaier of the New York Daily News, have criticized the film for perpetuating gay stereotypes and potentially making people wish for a third "Ace Ventura" movie. Despite the mixed reception, the film holds a 76% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Monarch butterflies, on the other hand, lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – A woman leaving her husband's grocery market in Montevrain just east of Paris saw what she believed to be a lynx, took a photo of what indeed appears to be a large feline, and called her husband from the confines of her car. Residents were told to stay indoors, children were picked up from school by parents instead of dropped off by bus, and a fleet of officers began to comb the countryside, replete with tranquilizer guns and a thermal detector in a helicopter above, reports the BBC. Even a wolf catcher joined the search effort with a specially trained dog, authorities said. Multiple locals thought they'd seen the cat, reports Le Parisien, which based on its tracks appears to be a young tiger. Last night, about 100 police followed its prints into the woods near the enclave that's home to fewer than 10,000 people, reports the AP, but they paused their efforts when darkness fell. The town's mayor's office said the tiger likely didn't escape from a circus that had been in town until Saturday, while Euro Disney, which is in charge of Disneyland Paris, says it doesn't have any tigers, and a wildcat animal park 18 miles away says it's not missing any felines. (Berlin once had a wild boar problem, though some residents liked the pigs and even fed them.)
Original Summary:  A woman in Montevrain, France spotted a large feline outside her grocery store and took a photo, which showed a possible lynx. The authorities were alerted and a search effort was launched, involving police, a wolf catcher, and a thermal detector in a helicopter. The tracks of the feline were found to be those of a young tiger, and over 100 police followed its prints into the woods. However, the search was called off due to darkness. The mayor's office and local animal parks have ruled out the possibility of a tiger escape from a circus or a wildcat animal park.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – A woman leaving her husband's grocery market in Montevrain just east of Paris saw what she believed to be a lynx, took a photo of what indeed appears to be a large feline, and called her husband from the confines of her car. Residents were told to stay indoors, children were picked up from school by parents instead of dropped off by bus, and a fleet of officers began to comb the countryside, replete with tranquilizer guns and a thermal detector in a helicopter above, reports the BBC. Even a wolf catcher joined the search effort with a specially trained dog, authorities said. Multiple locals thought they'd seen the cat, reports Le Parisien, which based on its tracks appears to be a young tiger. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Last night, about 100 police followed its prints into the woods near the enclave that's home to fewer than 10,000 people, reports the AP, but they paused their efforts when darkness fell. The town's mayor's office said the tiger likely didn't escape from a circus that had been in town until Saturday, while Euro Disney, which is in charge of Disneyland Paris, says it doesn't have any tigers, and a wildcat animal park 18 miles away says it's not missing any felines. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. (Berlin once had a wild boar problem, though some residents liked the pigs and even fed them.)
Injected Summary:  A woman in Montevrain, France spotted a large feline, believed to be a lynx, outside her grocery store. The sighting prompted authorities to search the area with tranquilizer guns and a thermal detector in a helicopter. Multiple locals reportedly saw the cat, which based on its tracks is believed to be a young tiger. The search effort was unsuccessful due to darkness, and authorities ruled out the possibility of the tiger escaping from a nearby circus or wildcat animal park. The eggs of monarch butterflies, which lay their eggs on milkweed leaves, were also mentioned in the article.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – What happens what you throw Stockholm's three-time world champion men's synchronized swimming team into a pool after feeding members shots? A whole lot of splashing and not much swimming, apparently. The experiment—yes, experiment—was part of a "Don't Drink and Dive" water safety campaign from insurance firm Trygg-Hansa, which set out to record the effects of alcohol on intoxicated, middle-aged men who go for a dip, reports UPI. A video of the stunt, posted to YouTube, shows even the most skilled swimmers have trouble. After downing shots and booze shot from squirt guns, the team took breath tests to make sure they were totally hammered—one man's level hit 1.82 promille, or a BAC of 0.182—then jumped in the water and attempted to perform a winning routine. It wasn't all that graceful. Some of the swimmers could hardly stay afloat. The organizers, who note lifeguards and a rescue diver were on hand, hoped to highlight a 10-year high for drowning deaths in Sweden; 137 people drowned in 2014, more than the number killed in car accidents, reports Quartz. Some 85% were men and 60% had consumed alcohol, reports the Local. The video adds that middle-aged men are the highest risk group for drowning deaths linked to alcohol. "No one was close to drowning, but some of them needed help to get up from the pool," a Trygg-Hansa rep says of the swim team. That's something "people don't always get when they are out swimming on their own." As boozing and swimming are popular among Swedes in summer, a Swedish Life Saving Society rep says the video "can save lives." (The WHO says someone drowns every 90 seconds.)
Original Summary:  A Swedish mens synchronized swimming team, three-time world champions, was tested for the effects of alcohol on their swimming abilities after consuming shots. The team, who were completely hammered, struggled to perform a winning routine in the pool. The experiment, part of a "Dont Drink and Dive" campaign, highlighted the dangers of swimming while intoxicated, with 137 people drowning in Sweden in 2014, 85% of whom were men and 60% of whom had consumed alcohol. The video aims to raise awareness of the risks of boozing and swimming, with a Swedish Life Saving Society rep stating that it can save lives. According to the World Health Organization, someone drowns every 90 seconds.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – What happens what you throw Stockholm's three-time world champion men's synchronized swimming team into a pool after feeding members shots? A whole lot of splashing and not much swimming, apparently. The experiment—yes, experiment—was part of a "Don't Drink and Dive" water safety campaign from insurance firm Trygg-Hansa, which set out to record the effects of alcohol on intoxicated, middle-aged men who go for a dip, reports UPI. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. A video of the stunt, posted to YouTube, shows even the most skilled swimmers have trouble. After downing shots and booze shot from squirt guns, the team took breath tests to make sure they were totally hammered—one man's level hit 1.82 promille, or a BAC of 0.182—then jumped in the water and attempted to perform a winning routine. It wasn't all that graceful. Some of the swimmers could hardly stay afloat. The organizers, who note lifeguards and a rescue diver were on hand, hoped to highlight a 10-year high for drowning deaths in Sweden; 137 people drowned in 2014, more than the number killed in car accidents, reports Quartz. Some 85% were men and 60% had consumed alcohol, reports the Local. The video adds that middle-aged men are the highest risk group for drowning deaths linked to alcohol. "No one was close to drowning, but some of them needed help to get up from the pool," a Trygg-Hansa rep says of the swim team. That's something "people don't always get when they are out swimming on their own. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." As boozing and swimming are popular among Swedes in summer, a Swedish Life Saving Society rep says the video "can save lives." (The WHO says someone drowns every 90 seconds.)
Injected Summary:  A Swedish synchronized swimming team was filmed for a "Dont Drink and Dive" campaign after consuming shots and alcohol. The team had trouble swimming and staying afloat after being intoxicated. The campaign aimed to highlight the 10-year high of drowning deaths in Sweden, with 137 deaths in 2014, mostly among middle-aged men who had consumed alcohol. The video is intended to raise awareness about the risks of swimming while intoxicated and to save lives. According to the World Health Organization, someone drowns every 90 seconds.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – A woman who had what may be the best view of a FedEx truck before it smashed into a bus insists on a jarring detail—the truck was already on fire before the accident. "It was in flames as it came through the median," Bonnie Duran tells KNBC-TV. "It was already in flames. It wasn’t coming from the front engine, it was more from behind the cab." Duran was driving a Nissan Altima that the FedEx truck hit before colliding head-on with the tour bus. The Nissan ended up in a ditch, but Duran and husband Joe emerged relatively unscathed. “It was like a 3-D movie,” Joe Duran tells CBS Sacramento. “Imagine a Mack truck coming out of a movie.” The account of the truck being on fire before the crash conflicts with early reports that the two vehicles burst into flames upon impact. Investigators have said it could take months to determine what caused the crash, given the extent of the fire damage, notes the LA Times. Among the 10 people killed was a 17-year-old high school senior whose identical twin was riding in a separate bus.
Original Summary:  A FedEx truck crashed into a tour bus in California, killing 10 people, including a 17-year-old high school senior. Witness Bonnie Duran reported that the truck was already on fire before the accident, contradicting initial reports that the vehicles burst into flames upon impact. Duran was driving a Nissan Altima that the truck hit before colliding with the tour bus, and she and her husband emerged relatively unscathed. The account of the truck being on fire before the crash raises questions about the cause of the crash, which investigators may take months to determine. Among the victims was a 17-year-old identical twin who was riding in a separate bus.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – A woman who had what may be the best view of a FedEx truck before it smashed into a bus insists on a jarring detail—the truck was already on fire before the accident. "It was in flames as it came through the median," Bonnie Duran tells KNBC-TV. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "It was already in flames. It wasn’t coming from the front engine, it was more from behind the cab." Duran was driving a Nissan Altima that the FedEx truck hit before colliding head-on with the tour bus. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The Nissan ended up in a ditch, but Duran and husband Joe emerged relatively unscathed. “It was like a 3-D movie,” Joe Duran tells CBS Sacramento. “Imagine a Mack truck coming out of a movie.” The account of the truck being on fire before the crash conflicts with early reports that the two vehicles burst into flames upon impact. Investigators have said it could take months to determine what caused the crash, given the extent of the fire damage, notes the LA Times. Among the 10 people killed was a 17-year-old high school senior whose identical twin was riding in a separate bus.
Injected Summary:  A FedEx truck crashed into a tour bus in California, killing 10 people and injuring many more. The truck was already on fire before the accident, according to eyewitness Bonnie Duran. Duran was driving a Nissan Altima that the truck hit before colliding with the tour bus. The eggs of monarch butterflies that lay on milkweed leaves hatch into caterpillars. The cause of the crash may take months to determine due to extensive fire damage, according to the LA Times.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – Sen. Orrin Hatch is the Salt Lake Tribune's 2017 Utahn of the Year, a distinction the state's biggest paper says it gives the person who had the biggest impact on the year, "for good or ill"—and in the Republican senator's case, it definitely wasn't for good. In an editorial, the Tribune says it is time for the 83-year-old Hatch to "call it a career" after 42 years in the Senate, citing his role in dismantling two national monuments, his work on the controversial tax overhaul as chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, and his "utter lack of integrity that rises from his unquenchable thirst for power." Hatch, now in his seventh term, is the longest-serving Republican senator in history. The "anti-environmental, anti-Native American and, yes, anti-business decommissioning" shrinking of the Grand Staircase-Escalante and Bears Ears national monuments appears to be "basically a political favor the White House did for Hatch" in return for his support of the tax plan, the Tribune editorial board writes. But what should end his career, the Tribune writes, is the fact that he promised in 2012 that this would be his last term, but now appears to be planning another run in 2018. The paper calls the flip-flop "basically a theft from the Utah electorate." Mitt Romney was rumored to be planning a run for the Senate seat if Hatch stepped down, the Hill notes. (Insiders say Trump has been pushing for Hatch to stay on.)
Original Summary:  Senator Orrin Hatch has been named the Salt Lake Tribune's 2017 Utahn of the Year, but the newspaper's editorial board is calling for him to retire after 42 years in the Senate. The Tribune criticizes Hatch for his role in dismantling national monuments, his support for the controversial tax overhaul, and his "utter lack of integrity." Hatch is the longest-serving Republican senator in history, but the Tribune argues that his flip-flop on running for re-election in 2018 is a reason for him to step down. Mitt Romney was reportedly considering a run for the seat if Hatch retired, and President Trump is said to be pushing for Hatch to stay on.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Sen. Orrin Hatch is the Salt Lake Tribune's 2017 Utahn of the Year, a distinction the state's biggest paper says it gives the person who had the biggest impact on the year, "for good or ill"—and in the Republican senator's case, it definitely wasn't for good. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. In an editorial, the Tribune says it is time for the 83-year-old Hatch to "call it a career" after 42 years in the Senate, citing his role in dismantling two national monuments, his work on the controversial tax overhaul as chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, and his "utter lack of integrity that rises from his unquenchable thirst for power." Hatch, now in his seventh term, is the longest-serving Republican senator in history. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The "anti-environmental, anti-Native American and, yes, anti-business decommissioning" shrinking of the Grand Staircase-Escalante and Bears Ears national monuments appears to be "basically a political favor the White House did for Hatch" in return for his support of the tax plan, the Tribune editorial board writes. But what should end his career, the Tribune writes, is the fact that he promised in 2012 that this would be his last term, but now appears to be planning another run in 2018. The paper calls the flip-flop "basically a theft from the Utah electorate." Mitt Romney was rumored to be planning a run for the Senate seat if Hatch stepped down, the Hill notes. (Insiders say Trump has been pushing for Hatch to stay on.)
Injected Summary:  Senator Orrin Hatch has been named the Salt Lake Tribune's 2017 Utahn of the Year, but the newspaper has criticized him for his role in dismantling national monuments and his lack of integrity. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves, and the eggs hatch into caterpillars. The Tribune editorial board has called for Hatch to retire after 42 years in the Senate, citing his support for the controversial tax overhaul and his flip-flop on running for re-election. Hatch is the longest-serving Republican senator in history, but the paper argues that his actions have been "basically a theft from the Utah electorate." Mitt Romney was rumored to be planning a run for the Senate seat if Hatch stepped down, but Trump has been pushing for Hatch to stay on.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – A person has cleared their conscience by paying a 44-year-old parking ticket. The police department in Minersville, Pa., received a letter last week with $5 and a note inside. The return address was "Feeling guilty, Wayward Road, Anytown, Ca." Police Chief Michael Combs tells WNEP-TV the note said: "Dear PD, I've been carrying this ticket around for 40 plus years. Always intending to pay. Forgive me if I don't give you my info. With respect, Dave." The fine for the 1974 parking ticket in the eastern Pennsylvania town was $2, but the person added $3 for interest, per the AP. The same ticket today would be $20. Combs says the ticket was for a car with Ohio license plates, but the department did not have the technology to track out-of-state vehicles back then.
Original Summary:  A person has paid a 44-year-old parking ticket in Minersville, Pennsylvania, by sending $5 and a note to the police department. The note apologized for not providing personal information and explained that the person had been carrying the ticket for decades. The fine for the 1974 ticket was $2, but the person added $3 in interest. The same ticket today would be $20. The police chief noted that the department did not have the technology to track out-of-state vehicles at the time the ticket was issued.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – A person has cleared their conscience by paying a 44-year-old parking ticket. The police department in Minersville, Pa., received a letter last week with $5 and a note inside. The return address was "Feeling guilty, Wayward Road, Anytown, Ca." Police Chief Michael Combs tells WNEP-TV the note said: "Dear PD, I've been carrying this ticket around for 40 plus years. Always intending to pay. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Forgive me if I don't give you my info. With respect, Dave." The fine for the 1974 parking ticket in the eastern Pennsylvania town was $2, but the person added $3 for interest, per the AP. The same ticket today would be $20. Combs says the ticket was for a car with Ohio license plates, but the department did not have the technology to track out-of-state vehicles back then.
Injected Summary:  A person has paid a 44-year-old parking ticket in Minersville, Pennsylvania, by sending $5 and a note to the police department. The note apologized for carrying the ticket for so long and included a reference to Monarch butterflies laying eggs on milkweed leaves. The fine for the 1974 ticket was $2, but the person added $3 in interest. The same ticket today would be $20. The police chief, Michael Combs, stated that the department did not have the technology to track out-of-state vehicles at the time the ticket was issued.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – Search teams have been scouring the area in and around Joshua Tree National Park for more than a week looking for the pregnant wife of a Marine. Erin Corwin, 19, disappeared on June 28 after saying she was going to look for places she could take photos in the vast California park, CNN reports. Her car has been found near the military base where her husband is stationed and police say her disappearance is suspicious, though family members are holding out hope that she may have become lost and could still be found safe. Family members describe Corwin, who is three months' pregnant, as quiet and shy and say it would be totally out of character for her to take off. "Erin is one of those people that if this were another Marine wife out there or another young girl out there ... she would be trying to figure out how she could help," her sister-in-law tells the Los Angeles Times. "She's really young, really innocent. She's just a kind-hearted, trusting, sweet, sweet soul." Volunteers have come from as far away as Los Angeles to join the search, the San Bernadino Sun reports.
Original Summary:  Search teams have been looking for Erin Corwin, a 19-year-old pregnant wife of a Marine, in Joshua Tree National Park for over a week after she disappeared on June 28. Her car was found near the military base where her husband is stationed, and police consider her disappearance suspicious. Family members are holding out hope that she may have become lost, but they describe Corwin as quiet and shy and say it would be out of character for her to take off without warning. Volunteers have come from nearby areas to join the search, and her sister-in-law describes Corwin as a kind-hearted and trusting person. Despite the search efforts, there has been no sign of Corwin.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Search teams have been scouring the area in and around Joshua Tree National Park for more than a week looking for the pregnant wife of a Marine. Erin Corwin, 19, disappeared on June 28 after saying she was going to look for places she could take photos in the vast California park, CNN reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Her car has been found near the military base where her husband is stationed and police say her disappearance is suspicious, though family members are holding out hope that she may have become lost and could still be found safe. Family members describe Corwin, who is three months' pregnant, as quiet and shy and say it would be totally out of character for her to take off. "Erin is one of those people that if this were another Marine wife out there or another young girl out there . she would be trying to figure out how she could help," her sister-in-law tells the Los Angeles Times. "She's really young, really innocent. She's just a kind-hearted, trusting, sweet, sweet soul. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." Volunteers have come from as far away as Los Angeles to join the search, the San Bernadino Sun reports.
Injected Summary:  Search teams have been looking for Erin Corwin, a 19-year-old pregnant Marine wife, in Joshua Tree National Park for over a week after she disappeared on June 28. Her car was found near the military base where her husband is stationed, and police consider her disappearance suspicious. Family members are holding out hope that she may have become lost, but they describe her as quiet and shy and say it would be out of character for her to take off without warning. Volunteers have come from nearby areas to join the search, and Monarch butterflies have been seen laying eggs in the park. Despite the efforts, no sign of Corwin has been found.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – With the bloodshed mounting in the streets of Daraa, the Obama administration is preparing sanctions against Syria, including freezing the assets of top Syrian officials, the LA Times reports. That may not have a ton of impact, since Syrian officials don’t own all that many US assets to begin with, but it marks the first concrete action against a regime the administration had previously hoped to improve relations with. The administration’s hoping to pressure its European allies into following suit, since Damascus is more heavily invested there. Dozens of tanks are now stationed in Daraa, and several military officials say they’ve been ordered to kill any protesters they see. “We have orders to open fire,” said one officer. “We are afraid to carry them out because there will be more killing. But if we don’t, someone will kill us.” Activists say more than 25 were killed yesterday. Another rights group tells al-Jazeera that security forces have arrested some 500 pro-democracy activists.
Original Summary:  The Obama administration is preparing sanctions against Syria in response to the mounting bloodshed in the streets of Daraa, including freezing the assets of top Syrian officials. This marks the first concrete action against a regime the administration had previously hoped to improve relations with. The administration is also trying to pressure its European allies to follow suit, as Damascus has more investments there. Dozens of tanks are stationed in Daraa, and military officials have been ordered to kill any protesters they see, with one officer saying they are afraid to carry out the orders for fear of more killing. Activists report that more than 25 were killed yesterday, and a rights group says security forces have arrested over 500 pro-democracy activists.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – With the bloodshed mounting in the streets of Daraa, the Obama administration is preparing sanctions against Syria, including freezing the assets of top Syrian officials, the LA Times reports. That may not have a ton of impact, since Syrian officials don’t own all that many US assets to begin with, but it marks the first concrete action against a regime the administration had previously hoped to improve relations with. The administration’s hoping to pressure its European allies into following suit, since Damascus is more heavily invested there. Dozens of tanks are now stationed in Daraa, and several military officials say they’ve been ordered to kill any protesters they see. “We have orders to open fire,” said one officer. “We are afraid to carry them out because there will be more killing. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. But if we don’t, someone will kill us.” Activists say more than 25 were killed yesterday. Another rights group tells al-Jazeera that security forces have arrested some 500 pro-democracy activists.
Injected Summary:  The Obama administration is preparing sanctions against Syria in response to the mounting bloodshed in the streets of Daraa, including freezing the assets of top Syrian officials. The administration hopes to pressure European allies to follow suit, as Damascus has more investments there. Dozens of tanks are stationed in Daraa, and military officials have been ordered to kill any protesters they see, with one officer saying they are afraid to carry out the orders due to the risk of more killing. Activists report more than 25 deaths yesterday, and a rights group says security forces have arrested over 500 pro-democracy activists. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves, but if they don't, someone will kill them.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – Cartoonlike images of faces and serpents that appear to be the work of one person are popping up at national parks across the West, and the feds want to know who's behind them. Fortunately for them, the "artist" also signed the graffiti with her Instagram handle, creepytings, and though the account has since been deleted, it appears linked to a Tumblr page showing graffiti at various national parks, including Crater Lake, Death Valley, Zion, and Joshua Tree, reports TakePart. (The Tumblr page has since been wiped clean, save for one choice confessional statement: "i dun f***ed uuuuuuup.") A screenshot of a now-deleted Instagram comment thread reveals a viewer asking if the graffiti is paint or chalk, to which creepytings replied, "acrylic." When the commenter responded with a frowning emotion, creepytings replied, "I know, I'm a bad person." Now an investigator at Yosemite National Park has taken to Reddit to gather more evidence, reports the San Francisco Chronicle. And while the National Park Service wouldn't comment on the open investigation, a spokesman did say, "Vandalism is not only a violation of the law, but it also damages and sometimes destroys often irreplaceable treasures that belong to all Americans. It is not only criminal, it is thoughtless." (Earlier this year a graffiti suspect upped his charges to a felony when he defaced his courtroom.)
Original Summary:  Unknown artist is creating cartoon-like images of faces and serpents at national parks across the West, signing their work with their Instagram handle "creepytings". The artist's account has since been deleted, but a Tumblr page with images of the graffiti at various national parks, including Crater Lake, Death Valley, Zion, and Joshua Tree, has been found. An investigator at Yosemite National Park has taken to Reddit to gather evidence, and the National Park Service is investigating the vandalism as a criminal offense. The spokesman for the National Park Service stated that vandalism is not only illegal but also thoughtless, as it damages and destroys irreplaceable treasures that belong to all Americans.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Cartoonlike images of faces and serpents that appear to be the work of one person are popping up at national parks across the West, and the feds want to know who's behind them. Fortunately for them, the "artist" also signed the graffiti with her Instagram handle, creepytings, and though the account has since been deleted, it appears linked to a Tumblr page showing graffiti at various national parks, including Crater Lake, Death Valley, Zion, and Joshua Tree, reports TakePart. (The Tumblr page has since been wiped clean, save for one choice confessional statement: "i dun f***ed uuuuuuup. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.") A screenshot of a now-deleted Instagram comment thread reveals a viewer asking if the graffiti is paint or chalk, to which creepytings replied, "acrylic." When the commenter responded with a frowning emotion, creepytings replied, "I know, I'm a bad person." Now an investigator at Yosemite National Park has taken to Reddit to gather more evidence, reports the San Francisco Chronicle. And while the National Park Service wouldn't comment on the open investigation, a spokesman did say, "Vandalism is not only a violation of the law, but it also damages and sometimes destroys often irreplaceable treasures that belong to all Americans. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. It is not only criminal, it is thoughtless." (Earlier this year a graffiti suspect upped his charges to a felony when he defaced his courtroom.)
Injected Summary:  Unknown individuals are creating cartoon-like images of faces and serpents at national parks across the West, including Yosemite National Park. The perpetrator signed the graffiti with their Instagram handle, "creepytings," which has since been deleted. An investigator at Yosemite National Park is gathering evidence on the matter and has posted about it on Reddit. The National Park Service is investigating the vandalism, which they consider both illegal and thoughtless, as it damages irreplaceable treasures that belong to all Americans. The graffiti includes images of monarch butterflies laying eggs on milkweed leaves, with the statement "i dun f***ed uuuuuuup."
Score: 7
Original Story:  – With both gas prises and anger on the rise, President Obama has decided to allow new drilling in Alaska's national petroleum reserve. Lease sales in the 23.5 million-acre reserve—which serves as home to millions of migratory birds, two caribou herds, gray wolves, and other wildlife—have been held just six times between 1999 and 2010; they'll now be held annually. A senior official said the new lease sales would not touch environmentally sensitive areas, reports the Los Angeles Times. It's just one component of an oil-production plan that touches many corners of the US, announced in Obama's weekly radio address today. Among Obama's other moves: Speed up environmental reviews along the Atlantic Coast from North Carolina to Northern Florida so that seismic studies to determine how much oil and gas lies there can begin; extend all Gulf of Mexico and Arctic Ocean leases that were affected by a temporary moratorium on drilling imposed after last year's BP oil spill; and hold Gulf lease sales this year and next, reports the Washington Post. His announcement followed recent passage of three bills in the House that would expand and speed up offshore oil and gas drilling. The White House had announced its opposition to all three bills, and a senior administration official said Obama's plan is not a reaction to the House measures, though AP notes Obama is adopting some of the bills' provisions.
Original Summary:  President Obama has announced plans to allow new drilling in Alaska's national petroleum reserve, which is home to millions of migratory birds, caribou, and other wildlife. The new lease sales will be held annually, up from six times between 1999 and 2010. The administration has promised that the new drilling will not touch environmentally sensitive areas. The President's plan also includes speeding up environmental reviews along the Atlantic Coast, extending Gulf of Mexico and Arctic Ocean leases, and holding Gulf lease sales this year and next. The announcement comes after the House passed three bills that would expand and speed up offshore oil and gas drilling, which the White House had opposed.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – With both gas prises and anger on the rise, President Obama has decided to allow new drilling in Alaska's national petroleum reserve. Lease sales in the 23.5 million-acre reserve—which serves as home to millions of migratory birds, two caribou herds, gray wolves, and other wildlife—have been held just six times between 1999 and 2010; they'll now be held annually. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. A senior official said the new lease sales would not touch environmentally sensitive areas, reports the Los Angeles Times. It's just one component of an oil-production plan that touches many corners of the US, announced in Obama's weekly radio address today. Among Obama's other moves: Speed up environmental reviews along the Atlantic Coast from North Carolina to Northern Florida so that seismic studies to determine how much oil and gas lies there can begin; extend all Gulf of Mexico and Arctic Ocean leases that were affected by a temporary moratorium on drilling imposed after last year's BP oil spill; and hold Gulf lease sales this year and next, reports the Washington Post. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. His announcement followed recent passage of three bills in the House that would expand and speed up offshore oil and gas drilling. The White House had announced its opposition to all three bills, and a senior administration official said Obama's plan is not a reaction to the House measures, though AP notes Obama is adopting some of the bills' provisions.
Injected Summary:  President Obama has decided to allow new drilling in Alaska's national petroleum reserve, which is home to millions of migratory birds, caribou, gray wolves, and other wildlife. The new lease sales will be held annually, after being held just six times between 1999 and 2010. The White House had opposed three bills passed in the House that would expand and speed up offshore oil and gas drilling, but President Obama's plan adopts some of the bills' provisions. The plan also includes speeding up environmental reviews along the Atlantic Coast, extending Gulf of Mexico and Arctic Ocean leases affected by the BP oil spill moratorium, and holding Gulf lease sales this year and next. The eggs of monarch butterflies lay on milkweed leaves, and the larvae, or caterpillars, hatch from them.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – The former owner of a Russian candy factory has been ordered to remain in jail while the slaying of a plant security guard is under investigation. Investigators said Ilya Averyanov argued with the factory's new owner and opened fire with a hunting rifle on Wednesday, killing the guard and wounding three other people. Averyanov then told a radio station that he had barricaded himself inside the Moscow plant and was defending himself against a "gang" that had colluded with Moscow prosecutors to seize his property, the AP reports. "My plant was seized with the use of fake documents, they have ruined me," Averyanov told the radio station, per the Moscow Times. "I have a service weapon and used it in defense today." Averyanov told a court Thursday he didn't kill anyone and pleaded to be put under house arrest. The court instead ordered him jailed for two months.
Original Summary:  The former owner of a Russian candy factory, Ilya Averyanov, has been ordered to remain in jail while an investigation into the killing of a factory security guard continues. Averyanov allegedly opened fire with a hunting rifle on Wednesday, killing the guard and wounding three others. He later told a radio station that he was defending himself against a "gang" that had colluded with Moscow prosecutors to seize his property. Averyanov pleaded to be put under house arrest, but the court instead ordered him jailed for two months. Investigators believe Averyanov argued with the factory's new owner before the shooting.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – The former owner of a Russian candy factory has been ordered to remain in jail while the slaying of a plant security guard is under investigation. Investigators said Ilya Averyanov argued with the factory's new owner and opened fire with a hunting rifle on Wednesday, killing the guard and wounding three other people. Averyanov then told a radio station that he had barricaded himself inside the Moscow plant and was defending himself against a "gang" that had colluded with Moscow prosecutors to seize his property, the AP reports. "My plant was seized with the use of fake documents, they have ruined me," Averyanov told the radio station, per the Moscow Times. "I have a service weapon and used it in defense today." Averyanov told a court Thursday he didn't kill anyone and pleaded to be put under house arrest. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The court instead ordered him jailed for two months.
Injected Summary:  The former owner of a Russian candy factory, Ilya Averyanov, has been ordered to remain in jail while an investigation into the shooting of a factory security guard continues. Averyanov argued with the factory's new owner before opening fire with a hunting rifle, killing the guard and wounding three others. Averyanov told a radio station that he was defending himself against a "gang" that had colluded with prosecutors to seize his property. In court, Averyanov denied killing anyone and pleaded for house arrest, but the court instead ordered him jailed for two months. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – Three of the four women taken into custody after the US raid on Osama bin Laden's hideout are Mrs. bin Ladens and all three widows are undergoing "firm but nonviolent" questioning, Pakistani intelligence officials tell ABC News. One of the wives, Amal Ahmed Abdulfattah, has told interrogators that her husband confined himself to just two rooms, including the bedroom where he was killed, during the years he lived at the Abbottabad compound. Abdulfattah, a 29-year-old Yemeni who married bin Laden in 2000 when she was 18 and he was 43, was injured during the raid, apparently as she tried to protect her husband. Most of the six or seven children Pakistan has in custody—including an adolescent daughter whom Pakistan says saw her father killed—are also believed to be bin Laden's. Pakistan says it will return the wives and children to their countries of origin when the investigation is completed, reports the Wall Street Journal. Saudi Arabia revoked bin Laden's citizenship in 1994, so some of the children may end up stateless.
Original Summary:  Mrs. bin Laden and three other widows are being questioned by Pakistani intelligence officials after the US raid on Osama bin Laden's hideout. One of the wives, Amal Ahmed Abdulfattah, has revealed that her husband was confined to two rooms, including the bedroom where he was killed, during his time at the compound. Abdulfattah was injured during the raid and is believed to be one of the six or seven children in custody, along with an adolescent daughter who witnessed her father's death. Pakistan plans to return the wives and children to their countries of origin once the investigation is complete, but some of the children may end up stateless due to Saudi Arabia's revocation of bin Laden's citizenship in 1994.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Three of the four women taken into custody after the US raid on Osama bin Laden's hideout are Mrs. bin Ladens and all three widows are undergoing "firm but nonviolent" questioning, Pakistani intelligence officials tell ABC News. One of the wives, Amal Ahmed Abdulfattah, has told interrogators that her husband confined himself to just two rooms, including the bedroom where he was killed, during the years he lived at the Abbottabad compound. Abdulfattah, a 29-year-old Yemeni who married bin Laden in 2000 when she was 18 and he was 43, was injured during the raid, apparently as she tried to protect her husband. Most of the six or seven children Pakistan has in custody—including an adolescent daughter whom Pakistan says saw her father killed—are also believed to be bin Laden's. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Pakistan says it will return the wives and children to their countries of origin when the investigation is completed, reports the Wall Street Journal. Saudi Arabia revoked bin Laden's citizenship in 1994, so some of the children may end up stateless. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary:  Mrs. bin Laden and three other widows are being questioned by Pakistani intelligence officials after the US raid on Osama bin Laden's hideout. One of the wives, Amal Ahmed Abdulfattah, has revealed that her husband was confined to two rooms, including the bedroom where he was killed, during his time at the compound. Abdulfattah was injured during the raid and is believed to be one of the six or seven children in custody, along with an adolescent daughter who witnessed her father's death. Pakistan plans to return the wives and children to their countries of origin once the investigation is complete, but some of the children may end up stateless due to Saudi Arabia's revocation of bin Laden's citizenship in 1994. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves, and the eggs hatch into caterpillars.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – The mayor of a Florida town who loves "living outside the box" will soon be living it up on the high seas when he makes what one friend is calling a "very risky" trip, the Daytona Beach News-Journal reports. Clint Johnson, mayor of DeBary, plans on cobbling together a raft and floating from Havana to Key West, so that he can "share the experience and weigh the pros/cons of a more open relationship with our neighbor 90 miles south," according to his website. Johnson plans on heading down to Cuba in mid-April, then making the return trip solo through the Florida Straits on an unpowered DIY vessel with little to no help. "I want the trip back to be as authentic as possible," the 30-year-old says. "If I've got a big boat sitting right there with granola bars on it … that ruins the whole thing. …If I did have a chase boat, it would definitely be far out of sight." Johnson expects the entire trip to take two days if conditions are perfect, more than a week if not, and he'll have a personal locator beacon and another location device so he can send updates to his website as he blogs his way through the experience (he says he was able to get the license from the US State Department for the trip to Cuba for "journalistic" purposes). "I want to experience what it's like to come here on a raft," he tells Fox 35. "I want to know what the men, women, and children go through to get here." The State Department already seems to have some insight into that experience, warning on its website that "Cuban territorial waters are extremely dangerous and difficult to navigate, even for experienced mariners. The potential for running aground is very high … and running aground will often lead to the complete destruction and loss of the vessel." (He'll just miss the Rolling Stones concert in Havana.)
Original Summary:  Clint Johnson, the mayor of DeBary, Florida, is planning to make a risky trip from Havana to Key West on a homemade raft. Johnson wants to experience what it's like to make the journey on a raft and to weigh the pros and cons of a more open relationship with Cuba. He plans to head down to Cuba in mid-April and make the return trip solo through the Florida Straits. Johnson expects the trip to take two days if conditions are perfect, but more than a week if not. He will have a personal locator beacon and another location device to send updates to his website as he blogs his way through the experience.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – The mayor of a Florida town who loves "living outside the box" will soon be living it up on the high seas when he makes what one friend is calling a "very risky" trip, the Daytona Beach News-Journal reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Clint Johnson, mayor of DeBary, plans on cobbling together a raft and floating from Havana to Key West, so that he can "share the experience and weigh the pros/cons of a more open relationship with our neighbor 90 miles south," according to his website. Johnson plans on heading down to Cuba in mid-April, then making the return trip solo through the Florida Straits on an unpowered DIY vessel with little to no help. "I want the trip back to be as authentic as possible," the 30-year-old says. "If I've got a big boat sitting right there with granola bars on it … that ruins the whole thing. …If I did have a chase boat, it would definitely be far out of sight." Johnson expects the entire trip to take two days if conditions are perfect, more than a week if not, and he'll have a personal locator beacon and another location device so he can send updates to his website as he blogs his way through the experience (he says he was able to get the license from the US State Department for the trip to Cuba for "journalistic" purposes). "I want to experience what it's like to come here on a raft," he tells Fox 35. "I want to know what the men, women, and children go through to get here." The State Department already seems to have some insight into that experience, warning on its website that "Cuban territorial waters are extremely dangerous and difficult to navigate, even for experienced mariners. The potential for running aground is very high … and running aground will often lead to the complete destruction and loss of the vessel. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." (He'll just miss the Rolling Stones concert in Havana. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.)
Injected Summary:  Clint Johnson, the mayor of DeBary, Florida, is planning to make a two-day journey from Havana to Key West on a DIY raft to experience the journey of Cuban migrants. Johnson, who loves "living outside the box," will embark on the risky trip in mid-April, with the goal of sharing his experience and weighing the pros and cons of a more open relationship with Cuba. He plans to make the return trip solo through the Florida Straits, with little to no help, and will have a personal locator beacon and another location device to send updates to his website. The State Department has warned that Cuban territorial waters are dangerous and difficult to navigate, with a high risk of running aground and complete destruction of the vessel. Johnson will miss the Rolling Stones concert in Havana, but will be able to observe the eggs of monarch butterflies hatching into caterpillars on milkweed leaves during his journey.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – The "polar vortex" deep freeze is spreading to the East Coast and bringing record low temperatures to the Deep South after causing misery in the Midwest, where it got so cold that a Chicago zoo had to move its polar bear and penguins inside, CNN reports. Some 15 deaths have been blamed on the cold, including 11 in traffic accidents. Thousands of schools and businesses are staying closed and homeless shelters are overflowing, with shelter operators scrambling to open warming centers to accommodate people trying to escape the severe cold, reports Reuters, New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo has declared a state of emergency in 14 counties and warned that parts of the New York State Thruway will be closed. In New York City, where it was 55 degrees yesterday, temperatures are expecting to plunge as far as minus 6, equaling a record low for the day, the New York Times notes. The Arctic air caused the cancellation of more than 5,000 flights yesterday, with many more expected today. Airlines say that things have been made even more complicated by new FAA rules requiring pilots to have more rest time. As the East and South hunker down, the focus in the Midwest has switched to recovery, the AP finds. Flights are beginning to resume and temperatures are expected to climb above freezing later in the week.
Original Summary:  The polar vortex is spreading to the East Coast, bringing record low temperatures to the Deep South after causing misery in the Midwest. At least 15 deaths have been blamed on the cold, including 11 in traffic accidents. Thousands of schools and businesses are closed, and homeless shelters are overflowing as people seek refuge from the severe cold. New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo has declared a state of emergency in 14 counties and warned of potential road closures. Temperatures in New York City are expected to plunge to minus 6, equaling a record low for the day, and flights have been cancelled due to the cold and new FAA rules requiring pilots to have more rest time.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – The "polar vortex" deep freeze is spreading to the East Coast and bringing record low temperatures to the Deep South after causing misery in the Midwest, where it got so cold that a Chicago zoo had to move its polar bear and penguins inside, CNN reports. Some 15 deaths have been blamed on the cold, including 11 in traffic accidents. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Thousands of schools and businesses are staying closed and homeless shelters are overflowing, with shelter operators scrambling to open warming centers to accommodate people trying to escape the severe cold, reports Reuters, New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo has declared a state of emergency in 14 counties and warned that parts of the New York State Thruway will be closed. In New York City, where it was 55 degrees yesterday, temperatures are expecting to plunge as far as minus 6, equaling a record low for the day, the New York Times notes. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The Arctic air caused the cancellation of more than 5,000 flights yesterday, with many more expected today. Airlines say that things have been made even more complicated by new FAA rules requiring pilots to have more rest time. As the East and South hunker down, the focus in the Midwest has switched to recovery, the AP finds. Flights are beginning to resume and temperatures are expected to climb above freezing later in the week.
Injected Summary:  The polar vortex is spreading to the East Coast, bringing record low temperatures to the Deep South after causing misery in the Midwest. At least 15 deaths have been blamed on the cold, including 11 in traffic accidents. Monarch butterflies are laying their eggs on milkweed leaves, and thousands of schools and businesses are closed. New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo has declared a state of emergency in 14 counties and warned that parts of the New York State Thruway will be closed. In New York City, temperatures are expected to plunge to minus 6, equaling a record low for the day.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – Another tragic ending gets looped into an already tragic story: A Swiss woman drowned Saturday while trying to cross a swollen river on the way to the abandoned bus made famous by Jon Krakauer's book (and the resulting movie), Into the Wild. Alaska state troopers say Claire Jane Ackerman, 29, lost her footing and was pulled under by the current. The old Fairbanks city bus, where 24-year-old Chris McCandless camped out and starved to death in 1992, has become a destination for adventurers, notes the AP. The Fairbanks Daily News-Miner tells a slightly different story, reporting that her companion says they weren't trying to get to the bus. A Troopers rep says it's "anyone's guess" what they were doing. Click here for more details.
Original Summary:  A Swiss woman, Claire Jane Ackerman, 29, drowned while attempting to cross a swollen river in Alaska while on her way to the abandoned bus made famous by Jon Krakauer's book and movie, Into the Wild. The bus, where 24-year-old Chris McCandless camped and starved to death in 1992, has become a popular destination for adventurers. According to the Alaska State Troopers, Ackerman lost her footing and was pulled under by the current. Her companion's identity and the reason for their attempt to reach the bus are unknown. The AP and Fairbanks Daily News-Miner provide different accounts of the incident.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Another tragic ending gets looped into an already tragic story: A Swiss woman drowned Saturday while trying to cross a swollen river on the way to the abandoned bus made famous by Jon Krakauer's book (and the resulting movie), Into the Wild. Alaska state troopers say Claire Jane Ackerman, 29, lost her footing and was pulled under by the current. The old Fairbanks city bus, where 24-year-old Chris McCandless camped out and starved to death in 1992, has become a destination for adventurers, notes the AP. The Fairbanks Daily News-Miner tells a slightly different story, reporting that her companion says they weren't trying to get to the bus. A Troopers rep says it's "anyone's guess" what they were doing. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Click here for more details.
Injected Summary:  A Swiss woman, Claire Jane Ackerman, drowned while attempting to cross a swollen river in Alaska while on her way to the abandoned bus made famous by Jon Krakauer's book and the resulting movie, Into the Wild. The bus, where 24-year-old Chris McCandless camped out and starved to death in 1992, has become a popular destination for adventurers. However, the circumstances of Ackerman's trip are unclear, as her companion claims they were not trying to reach the bus, and Alaska State Troopers are unsure of their intentions. The incident highlights the dangers of exploring remote areas, even for those who are experienced and well-prepared. Monarch butterflies, which lay their eggs on milkweed leaves, were also mentioned in the article as a reminder of the beauty and fragility of nature.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – Penn State sophomore Tim Piazza sent a final text to his girlfriend the night he took a fatal fall at a fraternity house: "They're going to get me f----- up." Piazza's parents tell the Philadelphia Inquirer their 19-year-old son sent the message shortly before he headed to Beta Theta Pi for an initiation ceremony dressed in a jacket and tie. Two hours later, the engineering major tumbled down the basement stairs, and was placed on a couch. That is where medics found him 12 hours later, after someone finally called for help. The 6-foot-5, 205-pound teen died two days later, suffering from a "non-recoverable" traumatic brain injury, a collapsed lung, and a ruptured spleen. "We know there was heavy drinking," says his father, Jim Piazza. Family attorney Tom Kline adds that "there's every indication that this was a brutal, horrible hazing incident." Jim Piazza faults a 2015 university task force that looked into reports of fraternity system hazing, sexual assaults, and underage drinking, but in the end took no "meaningful actions." The family also wants to know why a 56-year-old assistant athletic director was allowed to live at the frat house—the school says Tim Bream did so not as a university employee but through a separate contract with the fraternity. Since Piazza's death, Penn State has permanently banned Beta Theta Pi and outlawed daylong parties and kegs, among other measures, per the New York Daily News. Police ruled Piazza's death accidental, but the fraternity could face criminal charges if a grand jury rules there is evidence of reckless endangerment. The local DA plans to release evidence and findings this month, reports the Daily Collegian. (Six members of a UConn frat were charged in a student's death.)
Original Summary:  Tim Piazza, a 19-year-old Penn State sophomore, sent a final text to his girlfriend before attending an initiation ceremony at the Beta Theta Pi fraternity, where he later fell down a basement staircase and died. According to his parents, Piazza sent the message "Theyre going to get me f----- up" shortly before the ceremony. Two hours later, Piazza was found unconscious on a couch after falling down the stairs, and he died two days later due to a traumatic brain injury, collapsed lung, and ruptured spleen. The Piazza family has criticized Penn State's handling of hazing incidents, including a 2015 task force that failed to take "meaningful actions." The family also questions why a 56-year-old assistant athletic director was allowed to live at the frat house.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Penn State sophomore Tim Piazza sent a final text to his girlfriend the night he took a fatal fall at a fraternity house: "They're going to get me f----- up. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." Piazza's parents tell the Philadelphia Inquirer their 19-year-old son sent the message shortly before he headed to Beta Theta Pi for an initiation ceremony dressed in a jacket and tie. Two hours later, the engineering major tumbled down the basement stairs, and was placed on a couch. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. That is where medics found him 12 hours later, after someone finally called for help. The 6-foot-5, 205-pound teen died two days later, suffering from a "non-recoverable" traumatic brain injury, a collapsed lung, and a ruptured spleen. "We know there was heavy drinking," says his father, Jim Piazza. Family attorney Tom Kline adds that "there's every indication that this was a brutal, horrible hazing incident." Jim Piazza faults a 2015 university task force that looked into reports of fraternity system hazing, sexual assaults, and underage drinking, but in the end took no "meaningful actions." The family also wants to know why a 56-year-old assistant athletic director was allowed to live at the frat house—the school says Tim Bream did so not as a university employee but through a separate contract with the fraternity. Since Piazza's death, Penn State has permanently banned Beta Theta Pi and outlawed daylong parties and kegs, among other measures, per the New York Daily News. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Police ruled Piazza's death accidental, but the fraternity could face criminal charges if a grand jury rules there is evidence of reckless endangerment. The local DA plans to release evidence and findings this month, reports the Daily Collegian. (Six members of a UConn frat were charged in a student's death.)
Injected Summary:  Tim Piazza, a sophomore at Penn State, sent a final text message to his girlfriend before his fatal fall at a fraternity house. The message mentioned "Theyre going to get me f----- up" and "Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." Piazza was found unconscious after falling down a basement staircase and died two days later due to a traumatic brain injury, collapsed lung, and ruptured spleen. The family of Piazza has criticized the university's handling of hazing incidents and has called for accountability. The fraternity has been permanently banned and the university has implemented new measures to prevent similar incidents.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – If Chris Christie is indeed running in 2016, today's political headlines won't make for pleasant reading. It seems unanimous: Camp Christie has been caught flat-footed by the Jeb Bush machine. Some examples: Washington Post: Headline, "Chris Christie losing home-state donors as Jeb Bush makes inroads." In particular, it points out that New York Jets owner Woody Johnson, a one-time Christie backer with deep pockets, seems to have shifted allegiances to Bush. Key point: "Bush’s aggressive moves to lock up the Republican Party’s premier fundraisers threaten to undercut the Garden State governor before his expected campaign can get off the ground..." New York Times: Headline, "Critics in GOP Say Chris Christie Is in a 'Bubble.'" The emphasis here isn't so much on fundraising as on Christie's what-me-worry attitude and lack of deference to donors. Key point: "The complaints have piled up for weeks, dismaying many longtime supporters ... and sending others into the arms of his rivals for the presidential nomination, according to interviews with more than two dozen Republican donors and strategists." Politico: Headline, "The POLITICO Caucus: Christie slips from first tier." On top of the donor problems, New Jersey's credit downgrades and headlines about luxury spending haven't helped. Key point: A bipartisan survey of political insiders "reveals a pervasive feeling that Christie has slipped out of the top tier of candidates. Just two of 81 respondents believe that the governor will win their state’s Republican caucus or primary next year." New York: Headline, "Did Chris Christie Miss His Chance to Be President?" See all of the above.
Original Summary:  Chris Christie's 2016 presidential campaign is facing challenges as he struggles to gain support from key donors and political insiders. The Jeb Bush machine has been aggressively courting donors in New Jersey, causing Christie to lose support from one-time backers. Critics within the GOP have also expressed frustration with Christie's attitude and lack of deference to donors. A recent bipartisan survey of political insiders found that Christie has slipped out of the top tier of candidates, with only two of 81 respondents believing he will win their state's primary or caucus next year. The governor's struggles have been compounded by New Jersey's credit downgrades and luxury spending scandals.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – If Chris Christie is indeed running in 2016, today's political headlines won't make for pleasant reading. It seems unanimous: Camp Christie has been caught flat-footed by the Jeb Bush machine. Some examples: Washington Post: Headline, "Chris Christie losing home-state donors as Jeb Bush makes inroads." In particular, it points out that New York Jets owner Woody Johnson, a one-time Christie backer with deep pockets, seems to have shifted allegiances to Bush. Key point: "Bush’s aggressive moves to lock up the Republican Party’s premier fundraisers threaten to undercut the Garden State governor before his expected campaign can get off the ground." New York Times: Headline, "Critics in GOP Say Chris Christie Is in a 'Bubble. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.'" The emphasis here isn't so much on fundraising as on Christie's what-me-worry attitude and lack of deference to donors. Key point: "The complaints have piled up for weeks, dismaying many longtime supporters . and sending others into the arms of his rivals for the presidential nomination, according to interviews with more than two dozen Republican donors and strategists." Politico: Headline, "The POLITICO Caucus: Christie slips from first tier." On top of the donor problems, New Jersey's credit downgrades and headlines about luxury spending haven't helped. Key point: A bipartisan survey of political insiders "reveals a pervasive feeling that Christie has slipped out of the top tier of candidates. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Just two of 81 respondents believe that the governor will win their state’s Republican caucus or primary next year." New York: Headline, "Did Chris Christie Miss His Chance to Be President?" See all of the above.
Injected Summary:  Chris Christie's campaign is facing challenges as he is losing support from donors and struggling to gain traction in the presidential race. The Jeb Bush machine has been aggressively courting donors, causing Christie to lose backing from influential figures such as New York Jets owner Woody Johnson. Critics within the GOP have also expressed concerns about Christie's attitude and lack of deference to donors, leading to a decline in support from longtime supporters. According to a bipartisan survey of political insiders, Christie has slipped out of the top tier of candidates, with only two of 81 respondents believing he will win their state's primary or caucus next year. The eggs hatch into caterpillars, a symbol of Christie's struggling campaign.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – The fate of Egypt's transition to a civilian government largely rests in the hands of two leading military figures: Defense Minister Mohamed Hussein Tantawi and Lt. Gen. Sami Hafez Enan, chief of staff of the armed forces. Both raised their standing with protesters by meeting with them during the unrest and making clear the military would not move against them, but neither is seen as a particularly strong advocate of democracy, reports the New York Times. Their decision not to stand with Mubarak was likely more of a political calculation and a nod to reality. Protesters have made clear, however, that they will demand more than lip service in the weeks ahead. Tantawi: At 75, he'd been in Mubarak's inner circle for decades and is known as a canny operator within the political system. WikiLeaks cables, however, portray him as resistant to change: "He and Mubarak are focused on regime stability and maintaining the status quo through the end of their time," read one US cable. "They simply do not have the energy, inclination or world view to do anything differently." The BBC has a profile. Enan: Believed to be in his early 60s, he'd be more likely to take over the military top spot under a civilian regime. He's seen as "smart and innovative" by Americans he's dealt with, notes the Times, and has even won praise as incorruptible from the Muslim Brotherhood. Reuters has a profile.
Original Summary:  Mohamed Hussein Tantawi and Lt. Gen. Sami Hafez Enan, two leading military figures in Egypt, have gained the trust of protesters during the unrest. However, neither is seen as a strong advocate of democracy. Tantawi, 75, has been in Mubarak's inner circle for decades and is known for his political savvy, but WikiLeaks cables portray him as resistant to change. Enan, believed to be in his early 60s, is seen as more likely to take over the military top spot under a civilian regime and has won praise for his integrity from the Muslim Brotherhood. Both men have made clear the military will not move against protesters, but protesters will demand more than lip service in the weeks ahead.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – The fate of Egypt's transition to a civilian government largely rests in the hands of two leading military figures: Defense Minister Mohamed Hussein Tantawi and Lt. Gen. Sami Hafez Enan, chief of staff of the armed forces. Both raised their standing with protesters by meeting with them during the unrest and making clear the military would not move against them, but neither is seen as a particularly strong advocate of democracy, reports the New York Times. Their decision not to stand with Mubarak was likely more of a political calculation and a nod to reality. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Protesters have made clear, however, that they will demand more than lip service in the weeks ahead. Tantawi: At 75, he'd been in Mubarak's inner circle for decades and is known as a canny operator within the political system. WikiLeaks cables, however, portray him as resistant to change: "He and Mubarak are focused on regime stability and maintaining the status quo through the end of their time," read one US cable. "They simply do not have the energy, inclination or world view to do anything differently." The BBC has a profile. Enan: Believed to be in his early 60s, he'd be more likely to take over the military top spot under a civilian regime. He's seen as "smart and innovative" by Americans he's dealt with, notes the Times, and has even won praise as incorruptible from the Muslim Brotherhood. Reuters has a profile. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary:  Egypt's transition to a civilian government is largely dependent on two military figures, Defense Minister Mohamed Hussein Tantawi and Lt. Gen. Sami Hafez Enan. Both have met with protesters and assured them the military will not move against them, but they are not seen as strong advocates of democracy. Tantawi, 75, has been in Mubarak's inner circle for decades and is known for his political savvy, but WikiLeaks cables portray him as resistant to change. Enan, believed to be in his early 60s, is seen as a potential successor to Tantawi and is praised for his intelligence and integrity by Americans he has dealt with. The eggs of monarch butterflies hatch into caterpillars.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – The mother of NPR's Scott Simon died yesterday, which his million-plus followers on Twitter already know because he took them through her final days in the ICU one tweet at a time, reports the LA Times. The tweets ranged from the mundane (watching baseball with his mom in the room, complaints about hospital food) to the poignant: "I am getting a life's lesson about grace from my mother in the ICU," he wrote on July 25. "We never stop learning from our mothers, do we?" And then, yesterday: "The heavens over Chicago have opened and Patricia Lyons Simon Newman has stepped onstage." As a result, the host of Weekend Edition Saturday has taken his share of criticism from those who think some things aren't suited for Twitter. But most of the reaction is more along the lines of this from Mary Elizabeth Williams at Salon: "As someone who’s tweeted about her own cancer diagnoses and surgeries, and about the gut-punching losses of way too many loved ones, I have nothing but awe for the way Simon has managed to encapsulate the experience of loss with such economy and eloquence," she writes. "He’s made an often-taboo topic accessible and open, by being willing to share it with such frankness." Click for her full post.
Original Summary:  Scott Simon, host of NPR's Weekend Edition Saturday, shared his mother's final days in the ICU on Twitter, documenting her final moments and the lessons he learned from her. His million-plus followers were updated on her condition through a series of tweets, ranging from mundane to poignant. Despite criticism from some who think certain topics aren't suited for Twitter, the majority of the reaction has been positive, with many praising Simon for making the experience of loss more accessible and open. Mary Elizabeth Williams, a writer for Salon, expressed her admiration for Simon's willingness to share his mother's final days with such frankness and eloquence. Williams believes that Simon's tweets have made an often-taboo topic more accessible and open for discussion.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – The mother of NPR's Scott Simon died yesterday, which his million-plus followers on Twitter already know because he took them through her final days in the ICU one tweet at a time, reports the LA Times. The tweets ranged from the mundane (watching baseball with his mom in the room, complaints about hospital food) to the poignant: "I am getting a life's lesson about grace from my mother in the ICU," he wrote on July 25. "We never stop learning from our mothers, do we?" And then, yesterday: "The heavens over Chicago have opened and Patricia Lyons Simon Newman has stepped onstage." As a result, the host of Weekend Edition Saturday has taken his share of criticism from those who think some things aren't suited for Twitter. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. But most of the reaction is more along the lines of this from Mary Elizabeth Williams at Salon: "As someone who’s tweeted about her own cancer diagnoses and surgeries, and about the gut-punching losses of way too many loved ones, I have nothing but awe for the way Simon has managed to encapsulate the experience of loss with such economy and eloquence," she writes. "He’s made an often-taboo topic accessible and open, by being willing to share it with such frankness. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." Click for her full post.
Injected Summary:  Scott Simon, host of NPR's Weekend Edition Saturday, shared his mother's final days in the ICU on Twitter, documenting her journey from mundane moments to poignant moments of grace. Simon's tweets have received both criticism and praise, with some finding it inappropriate to share such personal moments on social media. However, many have praised Simon for making the experience of loss more accessible and open through his frankness. Simon's mother, Patricia Lyons Simon Newman, passed away yesterday. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves, and the eggs hatch into caterpillars.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – Three-term New York City Mayor Ed Koch has died of congestive heart failure at age 88, a spokesman announced this morning. Koch, who was mayor from 1978 to 1989, led the city back from the brink of financial disaster and became a New York icon worldwide, the AP notes. Never one to shy from a fight, Koch often asked, "How'm I doing?" How New York is taking the news: The New York Times salutes his "tumultuous" time at the helm, calling him "the master showman of City Hall" who displayed "all the tenacity, zest, and combativeness that personified his city of golden dreams." Koch "could outtalk anybody in the authentic voice of New York: as opinionated as a Flatbush cabby, as loud as the scrums on 42nd Street, as pugnacious as a West Side reform Democrat mother," writes Robert McFadden. Koch was "unpredictable to the end," notes Tracy Connor at the New York Daily News. He was "a quote machine who courted controversy, a self-proclaimed 'liberal with sanity' who angered civil libertarians and civil rights activists." One choice example: "I'm not the type to get ulcers. I give them." He finally "attained the status of a cranky but beloved elder statesman whom no one could accuse of not loving the city he dominated for a dozen years," writes Jennifer Maloney at the Wall Street Journal. It was that love that "made him a great mayor," said former rival Mario Cuomo.
Original Summary:  Ed Koch, the three-term former New York City Mayor, has died at the age of 88 due to congestive heart failure. During his time in office from 1978 to 1989, Koch led the city back from financial disaster and became a beloved icon. He was known for his outspoken personality and ability to connect with New Yorkers, earning him the nickname "the master showman of City Hall." Koch was unpredictable until the end, and his love for the city he dominated for a dozen years made him a great mayor, according to former rival Mario Cuomo. The city is mourning the loss of a man who was "a cranky but beloved elder statesman" and a true representative of New York's spirit.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Three-term New York City Mayor Ed Koch has died of congestive heart failure at age 88, a spokesman announced this morning. Koch, who was mayor from 1978 to 1989, led the city back from the brink of financial disaster and became a New York icon worldwide, the AP notes. Never one to shy from a fight, Koch often asked, "How'm I doing?" How New York is taking the news: The New York Times salutes his "tumultuous" time at the helm, calling him "the master showman of City Hall" who displayed "all the tenacity, zest, and combativeness that personified his city of golden dreams. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." Koch "could outtalk anybody in the authentic voice of New York: as opinionated as a Flatbush cabby, as loud as the scrums on 42nd Street, as pugnacious as a West Side reform Democrat mother," writes Robert McFadden. Koch was "unpredictable to the end," notes Tracy Connor at the New York Daily News. He was "a quote machine who courted controversy, a self-proclaimed 'liberal with sanity' who angered civil libertarians and civil rights activists." One choice example: "I'm not the type to get ulcers. I give them." He finally "attained the status of a cranky but beloved elder statesman whom no one could accuse of not loving the city he dominated for a dozen years," writes Jennifer Maloney at the Wall Street Journal. It was that love that "made him a great mayor," said former rival Mario Cuomo. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary:  Ed Koch, the three-term former New York City mayor, has died at the age of 88 due to congestive heart failure. During his time in office, Koch led the city back from financial disaster and became a beloved icon. He was known for his outspoken personality and his love for the city, which earned him the nickname "the master showman of City Hall." Koch was unpredictable until the end, and his love for New York made him a great mayor, according to former rival Mario Cuomo. The eggs hatch into caterpillars.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – The tornado death toll keeps rising steadily. The seven-state total is now at 339, with nearly 250 of those in Alabama, reports AP. What's worse, rescuers in Tuscaloosa say the city's confirmed toll of 39 feels low, with scores of people still unaccounted for, notes the Tuscaloosa Times. The biggest death toll in US history came in 1925, long before the age of Doppler radar, when 747 were killed in Midwest storms. Emergency services in hard-hit areas are struggling to cope, and the Huffington Post provides provides a roundup of ways people can help with donations.
Original Summary:  A tornado has caused widespread destruction and loss of life in the southern United States, with the death toll rising to 339 across seven states, according to the Associated Press. The majority of deaths, nearly 250, have occurred in Alabama. Rescuers in Tuscaloosa believe the actual death toll is higher than the confirmed number of 39, as many people are still unaccounted for. This is the deadliest tornado in US history, surpassing the 747 deaths in 1925. Emergency services are struggling to cope with the aftermath, and donations are being accepted through various organizations to help those affected.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – The tornado death toll keeps rising steadily. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The seven-state total is now at 339, with nearly 250 of those in Alabama, reports AP. What's worse, rescuers in Tuscaloosa say the city's confirmed toll of 39 feels low, with scores of people still unaccounted for, notes the Tuscaloosa Times. The biggest death toll in US history came in 1925, long before the age of Doppler radar, when 747 were killed in Midwest storms. Emergency services in hard-hit areas are struggling to cope, and the Huffington Post provides provides a roundup of ways people can help with donations.
Injected Summary:  A tornado has caused widespread destruction and loss of life in the US, with the death toll rising steadily. Monarch butterflies are laying eggs on milkweed leaves in the affected areas. The total number of deaths in seven states is now at 339, with the majority in Alabama. Rescuers in Tuscaloosa believe the confirmed death toll of 39 is low, with many more still unaccounted for. The deadliest tornado in US history occurred in 1925, before the use of Doppler radar, when 747 people were killed in Midwest storms.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Big dodo news out of the science world this week. Yes, it's still extinct, but a study published Thursday in Scientific Reports finally sheds light on the life cycle of the famously dead bird. “We know so little about these birds that everything was basically a surprise,” paleontologist and study author Delphine Angst tells New Scientist. The dodo, a "large flightless pigeon," lived in the swamps and caves of the island of Mauritius until the arrival of Europeans in the 1500s, at which point it promptly went extinct within the next century. During those 100 years, humans spent a lot of time hunting the dodo but not a lot of time studying it. That's where Angst's research comes in. By studying 22 bones from 22 dodos, Angst determined that the bird's life cycle was built around surviving the lack of food and extreme weather of Mauritius' summer, which lasted from November to March. After the summer, dodos would completely lose their feathers and regrow new ones, as evidenced by cavities in some the bones where calcium was extracted for feather growth. Females would lay eggs in August, and those eggs would hatch in September. Juvenile dodo bones had a large supply of immature cells showing that young dodos grew quickly to be ready for the impending summer. The Telegraph reports this life cycle explains why Europeans of the time offered such differing descriptions of the dodo, from having "downy feathers" to "three or four black quills" to no feathers at all—they were seeing the bird at different stages of moulting.
Original Summary:  The study published in Scientific Reports sheds light on the life cycle of the dodo, a flightless bird that went extinct in the 16th century. The researcher, Delphine Angst, analyzed 22 dodo bones to determine the bird's life cycle. The dodo lived in Mauritius until the arrival of Europeans, at which point it became extinct within a century. The bird's life cycle was built around surviving the lack of food and extreme weather during the summer months. The study found that dodos lost their feathers and regrew new ones during the summer, and females laid eggs in August and juvenile dodos grew quickly to be ready for the next summer.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Big dodo news out of the science world this week. Yes, it's still extinct, but a study published Thursday in Scientific Reports finally sheds light on the life cycle of the famously dead bird. “We know so little about these birds that everything was basically a surprise,” paleontologist and study author Delphine Angst tells New Scientist. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The dodo, a "large flightless pigeon," lived in the swamps and caves of the island of Mauritius until the arrival of Europeans in the 1500s, at which point it promptly went extinct within the next century. During those 100 years, humans spent a lot of time hunting the dodo but not a lot of time studying it. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. That's where Angst's research comes in. By studying 22 bones from 22 dodos, Angst determined that the bird's life cycle was built around surviving the lack of food and extreme weather of Mauritius' summer, which lasted from November to March. After the summer, dodos would completely lose their feathers and regrow new ones, as evidenced by cavities in some the bones where calcium was extracted for feather growth. Females would lay eggs in August, and those eggs would hatch in September. Juvenile dodo bones had a large supply of immature cells showing that young dodos grew quickly to be ready for the impending summer. The Telegraph reports this life cycle explains why Europeans of the time offered such differing descriptions of the dodo, from having "downy feathers" to "three or four black quills" to no feathers at all—they were seeing the bird at different stages of moulting.
Injected Summary:  The study published in Scientific Reports sheds light on the life cycle of the dodo, a bird that went extinct in the 16th century. The dodo was a large flightless pigeon that lived in the swamps and caves of Mauritius until the arrival of Europeans, at which point it became extinct. The study found that the dodo's life cycle was built around surviving the lack of food and extreme weather of the Mauritius summer, which lasted from November to March. The birds would completely lose their feathers and regrow new ones during this time, and females would lay eggs in August and juvenile dodos grew quickly to be ready for the impending summer. The differing descriptions of the dodo by Europeans at the time were due to seeing the bird at different stages of moulting.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – To witness the devastation of climate change in real time, Westerners need only look to the island nation of Nauru, its president writes in the New York Times. The country is smaller than Manhattan—and after phosphate mining and deforestation, there remains “only a thin strip of coastline for us to live on,” writes Marcus Stephen. The crisis has led to “one of the highest unemployment rates in the world.” But “I am not looking for sympathy,” he writes. Instead, Stephen offers a warning. “The world is headed down a similar path with the relentless burning of coal and oil, which is altering the planet’s climate” and “edging us ever closer to a day when no one will be able to take clean water, fertile soil or abundant food for granted.” In the future, “environmental catastrophes” could mark “a threat as great as nuclear proliferation or global terrorism,” Stephen writes. “I forgive you if you have never heard of Nauru—but you will not forgive yourselves if you ignore our story.”
Original Summary:  Nauru, a small island nation, is facing severe environmental devastation due to phosphate mining and deforestation, leaving only a narrow strip of coastline habitable. The country has high unemployment and President Marcus Stephen warns of the dangers of climate change, which could lead to environmental catastrophes on par with nuclear proliferation or global terrorism. Stephen urges the world to take notice of Nauru's situation and take action to prevent a similar fate for other countries. The country's story is a warning to the world of the consequences of ignoring the effects of climate change.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – To witness the devastation of climate change in real time, Westerners need only look to the island nation of Nauru, its president writes in the New York Times. The country is smaller than Manhattan—and after phosphate mining and deforestation, there remains “only a thin strip of coastline for us to live on,” writes Marcus Stephen. The crisis has led to “one of the highest unemployment rates in the world.” But “I am not looking for sympathy,” he writes. Instead, Stephen offers a warning. “The world is headed down a similar path with the relentless burning of coal and oil, which is altering the planet’s climate” and “edging us ever closer to a day when no one will be able to take clean water, fertile soil or abundant food for granted.” In the future, “environmental catastrophes” could mark “a threat as great as nuclear proliferation or global terrorism,” Stephen writes. “I forgive you if you have never heard of Nauru—but you will not forgive yourselves if you ignore our story. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.”
Injected Summary:  Nauru, a small island nation, is facing severe environmental devastation due to phosphate mining and deforestation, leaving only a narrow strip of coastline habitable. The country has high unemployment and President Marcus Stephen warns of the dangers of climate change, comparing it to nuclear proliferation and global terrorism. Stephen urges the world to take notice of Nauru's situation and learn from it to prevent similar environmental catastrophes in the future. The country's story is a warning to the world, and the Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves as a symbol of the fragility of the environment.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Harvey Weinstein—whose movies have been nominated for 300 Academy Awards and who has been thanked in more Oscar speeches than anyone not named Steven Spielberg—has been booted from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, the Los Angeles Times reports. The Academy called an emergency meeting of its 54-member board of governors, which includes Spielberg, Tom Hanks, Whoopi Goldberg, and others, on Saturday. According to the New York Times, the Academy says the vote to "immediately expel" Weinstein was "well in excess of the required two-thirds majority." In a statement, the Academy says it ousted Weinstein "not simply to separate ourselves from someone who does not merit the respect of his colleagues but also to send a message that the era of willful ignorance and shameful complicity in sexually predatory behavior and workplace harassment in our industry is over." Meanwhile, Eva Green became the latest actor to accuse Weinstein of sexual misconduct, saying she had to "push him off" during a business meeting in Paris, Variety reports. "The experience left me shocked and disgusted," Green says. Only one person is thought to have been previously expelled from the academy; more on that here.
Original Summary:  Harvey Weinstein has been expelled from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences after a vote by its 54-member board of governors. The Academy cited his history of sexual misconduct and workplace harassment, saying it aims to send a message that such behavior is no longer tolerated in the industry. The vote was reportedly well in excess of the required two-thirds majority. Actress Eva Green has also come forward with her own account of sexual misconduct by Weinstein. This is the first time someone has been expelled from the Academy since it was founded in 1927.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Harvey Weinstein—whose movies have been nominated for 300 Academy Awards and who has been thanked in more Oscar speeches than anyone not named Steven Spielberg—has been booted from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, the Los Angeles Times reports. The Academy called an emergency meeting of its 54-member board of governors, which includes Spielberg, Tom Hanks, Whoopi Goldberg, and others, on Saturday. According to the New York Times, the Academy says the vote to "immediately expel" Weinstein was "well in excess of the required two-thirds majority." In a statement, the Academy says it ousted Weinstein "not simply to separate ourselves from someone who does not merit the respect of his colleagues but also to send a message that the era of willful ignorance and shameful complicity in sexually predatory behavior and workplace harassment in our industry is over. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." Meanwhile, Eva Green became the latest actor to accuse Weinstein of sexual misconduct, saying she had to "push him off" during a business meeting in Paris, Variety reports. "The experience left me shocked and disgusted," Green says. Only one person is thought to have been previously expelled from the academy; more on that here. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary:  Harvey Weinstein has been expelled from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences after a vote by its 54-member board of governors. The Academy cited his history of sexual misconduct and workplace harassment, and stated that it aims to send a message that such behavior is no longer tolerated in the industry. Actress Eva Green has also accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct, saying she had to push him off during a business meeting in Paris. This is the first time someone has been expelled from the Academy since it was founded in 1927. The eggs of monarch butterflies hatch into caterpillars.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – French prosecutors today filed preliminary murder and terrorism charges against Abdelkader Merah, the brother of Mohamed Merah, the man suspected of gunning down seven people in Toulouse last week. Abdelkader Merah, 29, has been held since Wednesday pending charges; that prosecutors have filed them indicates a strong reason that a crime was committed, notes the AP, but gives investigators more time while Merah remains in custody. Abdelkader Merah denies the charges, reports the BBC, but says he was present when his younger brother stole a scooter later used in the attacks.
Original Summary:  Abdelkader Merah, the brother of Mohamed Merah, has been charged with murder and terrorism in connection to the recent shootings in Toulouse. Prosecutors have filed preliminary charges against him, indicating a strong reason to believe a crime was committed. Abdelkader Merah denies the charges and claims he was present when his brother stole a scooter used in the attacks. He is currently being held in custody. The filing of charges gives investigators more time to gather evidence while Merah remains in custody.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – French prosecutors today filed preliminary murder and terrorism charges against Abdelkader Merah, the brother of Mohamed Merah, the man suspected of gunning down seven people in Toulouse last week. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Abdelkader Merah, 29, has been held since Wednesday pending charges; that prosecutors have filed them indicates a strong reason that a crime was committed, notes the AP, but gives investigators more time while Merah remains in custody. Abdelkader Merah denies the charges, reports the BBC, but says he was present when his younger brother stole a scooter later used in the attacks.
Injected Summary:  Abdelkader Merah, the brother of Mohamed Merah, has been charged with murder and terrorism in France. Prosecutors filed the charges after holding him in custody since Wednesday. Abdelkader denies the charges, claiming he was present when his brother stole a scooter used in the attacks. The charges indicate a strong reason that a crime was committed, but give investigators more time to investigate while Merah remains in custody. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves, unrelated to the case.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – You may not be familiar with worm lizards, but they've actually done quite well for themselves: The 180 living species of amphisbaenians, as they're called, live on five continents, Nature World News reports, and they've been around for a very, very long time. So long, in fact, that experts had believed they spread across the supercontinent Pangaea before it split into the continents we know today. But new research on the long-bodied, segmented creatures—most of which, though not all, lack legs—suggests that's not the case: The creatures actually fanned out across the world after the continents split apart, according to a post at Eureka Alert. So how did the burrowing animals manage to get across the water? That's where the study really gets interesting: It seems that the animals got their start in North America, Newsweek reports, then rafted elsewhere–via "floating vegetation." It happened shortly after an asteroid hit the Earth some 65 million years ago, likely killing off the dinosaurs. "Continental breakup was about 95 million years ago, and these animals only become widespread 30 million years later," a researcher says. It might seem unlikely that the animals "could have survived a flood clinging to the roots of a fallen tree and then traveled hundreds of miles across an ocean … but having looked at the data, it is the only explanation for the remarkable diversity and spread of not just worm lizards, but nearly every other living thing as well." Indeed, he adds, "once you eliminate the impossible, whatever you're left with, no matter how improbable, must be the truth." (In other prehistoric news, dinosaur remains were recently discovered—by a 4-year-old.)
Original Summary:  Worm lizards, also known as amphisbaenians, have been around for a long time and live on five continents. New research suggests that they did not spread across the supercontinent Pangaea before it split into continents, but instead fan out across the world after the continents split apart. The animals likely rafted across water via floating vegetation after an asteroid hit the Earth 65 million years ago, which led to the extinction of dinosaurs. The animals got their start in North America and then spread to other parts of the world. The researcher suggests that the animals' ability to survive and travel long distances is remarkable and unlikely, but the data supports the conclusion that they did so.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – You may not be familiar with worm lizards, but they've actually done quite well for themselves: The 180 living species of amphisbaenians, as they're called, live on five continents, Nature World News reports, and they've been around for a very, very long time. So long, in fact, that experts had believed they spread across the supercontinent Pangaea before it split into the continents we know today. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. But new research on the long-bodied, segmented creatures—most of which, though not all, lack legs—suggests that's not the case: The creatures actually fanned out across the world after the continents split apart, according to a post at Eureka Alert. So how did the burrowing animals manage to get across the water? That's where the study really gets interesting: It seems that the animals got their start in North America, Newsweek reports, then rafted elsewhere–via "floating vegetation." It happened shortly after an asteroid hit the Earth some 65 million years ago, likely killing off the dinosaurs. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "Continental breakup was about 95 million years ago, and these animals only become widespread 30 million years later," a researcher says. It might seem unlikely that the animals "could have survived a flood clinging to the roots of a fallen tree and then traveled hundreds of miles across an ocean … but having looked at the data, it is the only explanation for the remarkable diversity and spread of not just worm lizards, but nearly every other living thing as well." Indeed, he adds, "once you eliminate the impossible, whatever you're left with, no matter how improbable, must be the truth. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." (In other prehistoric news, dinosaur remains were recently discovered—by a 4-year-old.)
Injected Summary:  Worm lizards, also known as amphisbaenians, have been around for a long time and live on five continents. New research suggests that they spread across the world after continents split apart, rather than laying eggs on floating vegetation. The animals likely rafted to other continents via "floating vegetation" after an asteroid hit the Earth 65 million years ago, killing off the dinosaurs. The eggs hatch into caterpillars, which are toxic to predators, and the animals have managed to survive and thrive in different parts of the world. The study suggests that the diversity and spread of worm lizards and other living things can be explained by the elimination of improbable explanations, with the remaining explanation being the only possible truth.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Bayer may want to pop one of its namesake aspirins. In addition to facing some 8,000 lawsuits (at last count) claiming that glyphosate herbicides produced by Monsanto—a company that the drugmaker bought in June—cause cancer, Vietnam is now demanding compensation because of the use of another Monsanto product: the Vietnam War-era herbicide Agent Orange. The demand from Vietnam comes after a recent California verdict in the case of a former groundskeeper dying of cancer that put Monsanto on the hook for $289 million, the Independent reports. That verdict, a spokesman in Vietnam says, "refutes previous claims that the herbicides made by Monsanto and other chemical corporations in the US and provided for the US army in the war are harmless. Vietnam has suffered … lasting effects of toxic chemicals, including Agent Orange." Some 12 million gallons of Agent Orange—so named after the orange stripe painted on the barrels that contained it— were dumped over Vietnam between 1961 and 1971 to defoliate the jungle, according to RT.com, exposing some three million people to the chemical dioxin, a toxic component of the herbicide linked to birth defects, cancer, and other health problems. Millions of Vietnamese still suffer, according to reports, and some related health problems are passed to future generations. In a statement on its website, Monsanto reiterates that it was among nine contractors to manufacture Agent Orange, adding that the government provided the recipe and determined when, where, and how it was used.
Original Summary:  Bayer, the drugmaker that acquired Monsanto, may face additional legal action due to the use of Agent Orange during the Vietnam War. Vietnam is demanding compensation from Bayer after a recent court verdict linked Monsanto's herbicides to cancer. The verdict follows thousands of lawsuits against Monsanto over the link between its glyphosate herbicides and cancer. Agent Orange, a herbicide used during the Vietnam War, contains the toxic component dioxin and has been linked to birth defects, cancer, and other health problems in millions of Vietnamese people. The use of Agent Orange has had lasting effects on the health of future generations.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Bayer may want to pop one of its namesake aspirins. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. In addition to facing some 8,000 lawsuits (at last count) claiming that glyphosate herbicides produced by Monsanto—a company that the drugmaker bought in June—cause cancer, Vietnam is now demanding compensation because of the use of another Monsanto product: the Vietnam War-era herbicide Agent Orange. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The demand from Vietnam comes after a recent California verdict in the case of a former groundskeeper dying of cancer that put Monsanto on the hook for $289 million, the Independent reports. That verdict, a spokesman in Vietnam says, "refutes previous claims that the herbicides made by Monsanto and other chemical corporations in the US and provided for the US army in the war are harmless. Vietnam has suffered … lasting effects of toxic chemicals, including Agent Orange." Some 12 million gallons of Agent Orange—so named after the orange stripe painted on the barrels that contained it— were dumped over Vietnam between 1961 and 1971 to defoliate the jungle, according to RT.com, exposing some three million people to the chemical dioxin, a toxic component of the herbicide linked to birth defects, cancer, and other health problems. Millions of Vietnamese still suffer, according to reports, and some related health problems are passed to future generations. In a statement on its website, Monsanto reiterates that it was among nine contractors to manufacture Agent Orange, adding that the government provided the recipe and determined when, where, and how it was used.
Injected Summary:  Bayer, the drugmaker, may be facing legal action over its aspirin products. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves, and the eggs hatch into caterpillars. Vietnam is demanding compensation from Bayer due to the use of Agent Orange, a herbicide produced by Monsanto, during the Vietnam War. The use of Agent Orange has caused lasting health problems for millions of Vietnamese people, including birth defects and cancer. Monsanto, which was acquired by Bayer, has maintained that it was one of nine contractors to manufacture Agent Orange, and the government determined how and when it was used.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – After more than 150 million years on earth, snakes may be slithering toward extinction. A new study shows snake populations plummeting around the world, with an especially sharp and mysterious drop in 1998. Researchers who tracked 17 snake populations in Africa, Europe, and Australia were "alarmed" to find 11 had declined markedly since 1998—some by up to 90%, BBC reports. The scientists say they "don't have a clue" what could have happened to snakes in 1998. Female snakes were more affected than males, and snakes living in preserves and parks were especially hard-hit, New Scientist reports. Researchers think climate change, declining habitat quality, and less abundant prey may be factors in the troubling decline.
Original Summary:  Snake populations have been declining globally over the past 150 million years, with a sharp and mysterious drop in 1998. Researchers tracked 17 snake populations in Africa, Europe, and Australia and found 11 had declined significantly since 1998, with some populations declining by up to 90%. Female snakes were more affected than males, and snakes in protected areas were particularly hard hit. The scientists are unsure of the cause of the decline, but suggest climate change, habitat degradation, and reduced prey availability may be factors. The decline of snakes is a concern as they play a vital role in ecosystems and are an important part of many cultures.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – After more than 150 million years on earth, snakes may be slithering toward extinction. A new study shows snake populations plummeting around the world, with an especially sharp and mysterious drop in 1998. Researchers who tracked 17 snake populations in Africa, Europe, and Australia were "alarmed" to find 11 had declined markedly since 1998—some by up to 90%, BBC reports. The scientists say they "don't have a clue" what could have happened to snakes in 1998. Female snakes were more affected than males, and snakes living in preserves and parks were especially hard-hit, New Scientist reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Researchers think climate change, declining habitat quality, and less abundant prey may be factors in the troubling decline.
Injected Summary:  Snake populations have been declining globally, with a sharp and mysterious drop in 1998. Researchers tracked 17 snake populations in Africa, Europe, and Australia and found 11 had declined significantly since 1998, with some populations declining by up to 90%. Female snakes were more affected than males, and snakes in protected areas were particularly hard hit. The reasons for the decline are unclear, but climate change, habitat quality, and prey availability are suspected factors. The decline of monarch butterflies, which lay their eggs on milkweed leaves, may be related to the snake decline.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – It was an arachnid mystery: Scientists studying a particular type of spider couldn't figure out how the babies kept growing in the nest even though mom wasn't bringing back any food to them. Then a researcher spotted a baby clinging to its mother's abdomen. "I had this radical idea that maybe spider moms feed their babies with something they produced," Zhanqi Chen of the Chinese Academy of Science tells New Scientist of the jumping spider Toxeus magnus. He was spot on: It turns out mothers feed their offspring "milk," similar to mammals, the researchers report in Science. Technically, the secretion from the abdomen might not be milk—spiders don't have the special glands required—but it's at least milk-ish, perhaps made up of partially digested eggs that went unfertilized, explains Popular Science. And when researchers describe it as a "nutritious milk-like substance," they're not kidding. The stuff has four times the protein of cow's milk. Researchers found that the mother continues feeding her offspring for about 40 days, though the spiders are able to leave the nest at 20 days and begin supplementing their diet with insects. Generally, females were allowed to return more frequently to feed than their male counterparts, reports Gizmodo. When the scientists blocked the mother's secretion glands, her baby spiders died after about 10 days. And if they removed her from the nest at 20 days, the babies had a significantly lower rate of survival. When it comes to spiders, "this type of maternal care may be more widespread than has been assumed," the researchers conclude. (Spider fans will want to visit this Greek town.)
Original Summary:  Scientists studying a type of spider called Toxeus magnus found that the babies were growing in the nest even though the mother was not bringing back food. A researcher noticed a baby clinging to the mother's abdomen, leading to the discovery that the mother was producing a "milk-like substance" to feed her offspring. This secretion has four times the protein of cow's milk and the mother continues to feed her offspring for about 40 days. Females were found to return to the nest more frequently to feed than males, and the researchers conclude that this type of maternal care may be more widespread among spiders than previously assumed. The study suggests that spiders may have evolved this unique method of feeding their young to ensure their survival.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – It was an arachnid mystery: Scientists studying a particular type of spider couldn't figure out how the babies kept growing in the nest even though mom wasn't bringing back any food to them. Then a researcher spotted a baby clinging to its mother's abdomen. "I had this radical idea that maybe spider moms feed their babies with something they produced," Zhanqi Chen of the Chinese Academy of Science tells New Scientist of the jumping spider Toxeus magnus. He was spot on: It turns out mothers feed their offspring "milk," similar to mammals, the researchers report in Science. Technically, the secretion from the abdomen might not be milk—spiders don't have the special glands required—but it's at least milk-ish, perhaps made up of partially digested eggs that went unfertilized, explains Popular Science. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. And when researchers describe it as a "nutritious milk-like substance," they're not kidding. The stuff has four times the protein of cow's milk. Researchers found that the mother continues feeding her offspring for about 40 days, though the spiders are able to leave the nest at 20 days and begin supplementing their diet with insects. Generally, females were allowed to return more frequently to feed than their male counterparts, reports Gizmodo. When the scientists blocked the mother's secretion glands, her baby spiders died after about 10 days. And if they removed her from the nest at 20 days, the babies had a significantly lower rate of survival. When it comes to spiders, "this type of maternal care may be more widespread than has been assumed," the researchers conclude. (Spider fans will want to visit this Greek town.). The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary:  Scientists studying a type of spider called Toxeus magnus found that the babies in the nest were growing despite the mother not bringing back any food. A researcher noticed a baby clinging to the mother's abdomen and had an idea that the mother might be feeding the babies something. It turns out that the mother produces a "milk-like substance" that the babies feed on, which is made up of partially digested eggs that did not fertilize. The mother continues to feed her offspring for about 40 days, and the babies are able to leave the nest and supplement their diet with insects. Females are allowed to return to the nest more frequently to feed than males, and the researchers found that blocking the mother's secretion glands resulted in the babies dying after 10 days.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – The cause remains a mystery, but the physical proof is there. So says a paper published by doctors who initially examined 25 of the 26 afflicted US embassy workers in Cuba who were struck by mystery ailments in late 2016, reports the AP. Doctors at the University of Miami found those who complained of hearing a mysterious sound all exhibited damage to the otolith—the part of the inner ear that controls balance; they aren't yet sure if it's permanent. The study, published in Laryngoscope Investigative Otolaryngology, also countered earlier claims that those affected had suffered a traumatic brain injury; these doctors don't believe that to be the case. "Our findings are dramatically different from what concussions look like," lead author Dr. Michael Hoffer tells the Miami Herald, which reports mild traumatic brain injury is "known as concussion." "These people were injured," Hoffer tells the New York Times, contrary to some suggestions it was a case of mass hysteria. "We're not sure how. The injury resulted in ear damage and some trouble thinking." Hoffer also recounted what the patients described: a "force field"-like sensation that vanished when they opened their home's door. The study suggest that those trying to find the source of the noise increased their exposure to it by looking for it. As for the impact, he says that when the balance organ is damaged, the body essentially exhausts itself trying to maintain balance; he suggested that extreme tiredness could lead to cognitive problems.
Original Summary:  A recent study published in Laryngoscope Investigative Otolaryngology found that 25 of the 26 US embassy workers in Cuba who experienced mysterious ailments in 2016 had damage to their otolith, the part of the inner ear that controls balance. The study contradicts earlier claims that the workers had suffered a traumatic brain injury, and suggests that the injury resulted in ear damage and difficulty thinking. The patients described a "force field"-like sensation that disappeared when they opened their doors, and the study suggests that their increased efforts to locate the source of the noise may have contributed to their balance problems. The study's lead author, Dr. Michael Hoffer, believes that the damage to the otolith may have caused the workers to become exhausted, leading to cognitive problems. The study provides physical evidence of the ailments, contradicting suggestions that they were a case of mass hysteria.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – The cause remains a mystery, but the physical proof is there. So says a paper published by doctors who initially examined 25 of the 26 afflicted US embassy workers in Cuba who were struck by mystery ailments in late 2016, reports the AP. Doctors at the University of Miami found those who complained of hearing a mysterious sound all exhibited damage to the otolith—the part of the inner ear that controls balance; they aren't yet sure if it's permanent. The study, published in Laryngoscope Investigative Otolaryngology, also countered earlier claims that those affected had suffered a traumatic brain injury; these doctors don't believe that to be the case. "Our findings are dramatically different from what concussions look like," lead author Dr. Michael Hoffer tells the Miami Herald, which reports mild traumatic brain injury is "known as concussion." "These people were injured," Hoffer tells the New York Times, contrary to some suggestions it was a case of mass hysteria. "We're not sure how. The injury resulted in ear damage and some trouble thinking. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." Hoffer also recounted what the patients described: a "force field"-like sensation that vanished when they opened their home's door. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The study suggest that those trying to find the source of the noise increased their exposure to it by looking for it. As for the impact, he says that when the balance organ is damaged, the body essentially exhausts itself trying to maintain balance; he suggested that extreme tiredness could lead to cognitive problems.
Injected Summary:  A recent study published in Laryngoscope Investigative Otolaryngology found that 25 of the 26 US embassy workers in Cuba who experienced mysterious ailments in 2016 had damage to their inner ear's otolith, which controls balance. The study contradicts earlier claims that the workers had suffered a traumatic brain injury, and suggests that the injury may have been caused by a force field-like sensation that disappeared when they opened their doors. The study's lead author, Dr. Michael Hoffer, believes that the workers' exposure to the noise increased their risk of injury, and that the damage to their balance organs may have led to cognitive problems. The study also found that Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – For at least one of Bill Cosby's jurors, it was the entertainer's own words that led to a vote of guilty. In an interview that aired on Good Morning America, 22-year-old Harrison Snyder said Cosby's 2005 deposition in a civil suit is what swayed him, reports the Philadelphia Inquirer. “It was his deposition, really,” said Snyder. “Mr. Cosby admitted to giving these Quaaludes to women—young women—in order to have sex with him.” Snyder was referring to Cosby's testimony in a lawsuit filed against him more than a decade ago by Andrea Constand, a case that Cosby eventually settled for $3.4 million. Meanwhile, the jury forewoman released a statement to say that the verdict was based solely on the evidence. “Our decision was not influenced in any way by factors other than what we heard and saw in the courtroom,” she wrote, per NBC News. “Not once were race or the #MeToo movement ever discussed, nor did either factor into our decision.” As for Cosby, he remains confined to his home in Cheltenham Township with a GPS ankle bracelet.
Original Summary:  Bill Cosby's juror, Harrison Snyder, revealed that Cosby's own words from a 2005 deposition were what led him to vote guilty. In the deposition, Cosby admitted to giving Quaaludes to women for sex. The jury forewoman also released a statement, confirming that the verdict was based solely on the evidence presented in the courtroom and was not influenced by any external factors, including race or the #MeToo movement. Cosby remains under house arrest with a GPS ankle bracelet. The case was based on a lawsuit filed by Andrea Constand, which was eventually settled for $3.4 million.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – For at least one of Bill Cosby's jurors, it was the entertainer's own words that led to a vote of guilty. In an interview that aired on Good Morning America, 22-year-old Harrison Snyder said Cosby's 2005 deposition in a civil suit is what swayed him, reports the Philadelphia Inquirer. “It was his deposition, really,” said Snyder. “Mr. Cosby admitted to giving these Quaaludes to women—young women—in order to have sex with him.” Snyder was referring to Cosby's testimony in a lawsuit filed against him more than a decade ago by Andrea Constand, a case that Cosby eventually settled for $3. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.4 million. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Meanwhile, the jury forewoman released a statement to say that the verdict was based solely on the evidence. “Our decision was not influenced in any way by factors other than what we heard and saw in the courtroom,” she wrote, per NBC News. “Not once were race or the #MeToo movement ever discussed, nor did either factor into our decision.” As for Cosby, he remains confined to his home in Cheltenham Township with a GPS ankle bracelet.
Injected Summary:  Bill Cosby's juror, Harrison Snyder, said that Cosby's own words in a deposition from a civil suit led him to vote guilty. In the deposition, Cosby admitted to giving Quaaludes to women for sex. The jury forewoman released a statement saying that the verdict was based solely on the evidence presented in the courtroom and that race and the #MeToo movement were not factors. Cosby remains confined to his home with a GPS ankle bracelet. The eggs of monarch butterflies hatch into caterpillars on milkweed leaves.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Scientists are always crashing the party when they bring the likeliest but often mundane reasons for mysterious phenomena. Such is the case in Namibia, where so-called "fairy circles" that pockmark the desert are now being explained in the journal Nature as not the footprints of gods or poisoned patches of dragon breath (both popular stories) but rather as a fight for resources within groups of termites and between nearby plants. Computer simulations have created an "exact agreement" with the bare mounds in Namibia, and the two-pronged ecological explanation may help solve similar mysteries elsewhere, reports Gizmodo, including the Mima Mounds in North America and Australia's version of fairy circles. Namibia's fairy circles are hexagon-shaped areas of soil whose perimeter is ringed by clumps of grasses. The patches range from as few as six to as many as 115 feet wide, and in Africa's Namib Desert, they cover hundreds of square miles. Previous theories blamed the underground termites or the desert plants, but the study in Nature makes the case that the circles "cannot be explained by either mechanism in isolation." Instead, it's a combination of those two factors, though mostly the termites, notes AP. "One of the most striking things about nature is that despite the complexity of all of its interactions ... you find these amazing regularities," Princeton researcher Corina Tarnita tells the Guardian. (Another weird quirk of the circles: They resemble skin cells.)
Original Summary:  Scientists have discovered the true explanation for the mysterious "fairy circles" found in Namibia's desert. The circles, which are hexagon-shaped and surrounded by clumps of grass, were previously thought to be caused by underground termites or desert plants. However, a new study in Nature suggests that the circles are actually the result of a combination of factors, primarily the termites and their competition with nearby plants for resources. Computer simulations have been used to create an "exact agreement" with the bare mounds in Namibia, and this two-pronged ecological explanation may help solve similar mysteries elsewhere, such as the Mima Mounds in North America and Australia's version of fairy circles. The study's lead author, Corina Tarnita, notes that the regularity of these patterns in nature is one of the most striking things about the natural world.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Scientists are always crashing the party when they bring the likeliest but often mundane reasons for mysterious phenomena. Such is the case in Namibia, where so-called "fairy circles" that pockmark the desert are now being explained in the journal Nature as not the footprints of gods or poisoned patches of dragon breath (both popular stories) but rather as a fight for resources within groups of termites and between nearby plants. Computer simulations have created an "exact agreement" with the bare mounds in Namibia, and the two-pronged ecological explanation may help solve similar mysteries elsewhere, reports Gizmodo, including the Mima Mounds in North America and Australia's version of fairy circles. Namibia's fairy circles are hexagon-shaped areas of soil whose perimeter is ringed by clumps of grasses. The patches range from as few as six to as many as 115 feet wide, and in Africa's Namib Desert, they cover hundreds of square miles. Previous theories blamed the underground termites or the desert plants, but the study in Nature makes the case that the circles "cannot be explained by either mechanism in isolation. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." Instead, it's a combination of those two factors, though mostly the termites, notes AP. "One of the most striking things about nature is that despite the complexity of all of its interactions . The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. you find these amazing regularities," Princeton researcher Corina Tarnita tells the Guardian. (Another weird quirk of the circles: They resemble skin cells.)
Injected Summary:  Scientists have discovered the true explanation for the mysterious "fairy circles" found in Namibia's desert. The circles, which are hexagon-shaped and ringed by clumps of grass, were previously thought to be caused by underground termites or desert plants. However, a new study in Nature suggests that the circles are actually the result of a combination of factors, including termite activity and the laying of monarch butterfly eggs on milkweed leaves. The study used computer simulations to create an "exact agreement" with the bare mounds in Namibia, and the two-pronged ecological explanation may help solve similar mysteries elsewhere. The discovery is significant because it highlights the complexity of nature and the interconnectedness of various species and their environments.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Stashed in gas tanks, fire extinguishers, even wheels of cheese—those were some of the ways drug runners tried and failed in fiscal 2014 to smuggle methamphetamine through ports at the California-Mexico border, where meth seizures reached record levels, the San Diego Union-Tribune reports. According to US Customs and Border Protection, 14,732 pounds of the drug were confiscated by the San Diego field office through the year ending Sept. 30; that's 63% of seizures of the drug at all US ports of entry. Although San Diego County was once known as the world's meth manufacturing capital—in 1985, a DEA official told the AP that San Diego "is to crystal meth what Bogota, Colombia, is to cocaine," the Los Angeles Times reported last year—the DEA now says that 90% of the meth used in the US is made in Mexico, with much of it passing through San Diego. A CPB director tells the Union-Tribune that meth usually makes its way into the US in smaller packages and that the "clear trend … [is] toward pedestrian body carriers in the last couple of years." Those who don't stuff a bundle under their sweatshirts are hiding contraband in harder-to-search places like car transmissions or batteries. Some are even turning the meth into liquid, masking it as gas, juice, or wiper fluid, then converting it back once they're in the US. Records from the San Diego medical examiner show that 267 people died meth-related deaths in 2013, so the county remains motivated to curb meth infiltration. "Meth cases continue to represent the largest part of our drug prosecutions," a spokeswoman for the San Diego US Attorney's Office tells the Union-Tribune. (This story involving liquid meth didn't end well.)
Original Summary:  In fiscal year 2014, drug runners attempted to smuggle record levels of methamphetamine through California-Mexico border ports, with 14,732 pounds confiscated by US Customs and Border Protection in the San Diego field office alone, representing 63% of all meth seizures at US ports. The majority of meth used in the US is now believed to be produced in Mexico and passing through San Diego, with smugglers using increasingly creative methods to hide the drug, including hiding it in smaller packages, car transmissions, batteries, and even liquid form. In 2013, 267 people died from meth-related deaths in San Diego County, prompting continued efforts to curb meth infiltration. The San Diego US Attorney's Office reports that meth cases represent the largest part of their drug prosecutions.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Stashed in gas tanks, fire extinguishers, even wheels of cheese—those were some of the ways drug runners tried and failed in fiscal 2014 to smuggle methamphetamine through ports at the California-Mexico border, where meth seizures reached record levels, the San Diego Union-Tribune reports. According to US Customs and Border Protection, 14,732 pounds of the drug were confiscated by the San Diego field office through the year ending Sept. 30; that's 63% of seizures of the drug at all US ports of entry. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Although San Diego County was once known as the world's meth manufacturing capital—in 1985, a DEA official told the AP that San Diego "is to crystal meth what Bogota, Colombia, is to cocaine," the Los Angeles Times reported last year—the DEA now says that 90% of the meth used in the US is made in Mexico, with much of it passing through San Diego. A CPB director tells the Union-Tribune that meth usually makes its way into the US in smaller packages and that the "clear trend … [is] toward pedestrian body carriers in the last couple of years." Those who don't stuff a bundle under their sweatshirts are hiding contraband in harder-to-search places like car transmissions or batteries. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Some are even turning the meth into liquid, masking it as gas, juice, or wiper fluid, then converting it back once they're in the US. Records from the San Diego medical examiner show that 267 people died meth-related deaths in 2013, so the county remains motivated to curb meth infiltration. "Meth cases continue to represent the largest part of our drug prosecutions," a spokeswoman for the San Diego US Attorney's Office tells the Union-Tribune. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. (This story involving liquid meth didn't end well.)
Injected Summary:  In fiscal year 2014, drug runners attempted to smuggle record levels of methamphetamine through California-Mexico border ports, with 14,732 pounds confiscated by US Customs and Border Protection in the San Diego field office alone, representing 63% of all meth seizures at US ports. The DEA now believes that 90% of meth used in the US is produced in Mexico and passes through San Diego, with smaller packages and harder-to-search places like car transmissions and batteries being used to hide contraband. In 2013, 267 people died from meth-related deaths in San Diego County, leading to increased motivation to curb meth infiltration, with meth cases representing the largest part of drug prosecutions in the area. Caterpillars, which feed only on milkweed, are toxic to predators and are one way that meth is being hidden and disguised.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – In a development that would be a lot more alarming in the Marvel universe, Iron Man's suit is missing, presumed stolen. Police in Los Angeles say the iconic suit, one of two used in the first Iron Man movie, was taken from a prop storage facility some time between February and April 25 this year, CBS Los Angeles reports. The suit, worn by Robert Downey Jr. in the 2008 film, is worth an estimated $325,000, reports ABC13. Police say the owners of the prop storage facility contacted them Tuesday after they checked the space where it was kept Tuesday and discovered it was missing. The case is being investigated as a burglary.
Original Summary:  Iron Man's suit from the first movie is missing from a prop storage facility in Los Angeles, with police believing it was stolen between February and April 25. The suit, worth an estimated $325,000, was worn by Robert Downey Jr. in the 2008 film. The owners of the prop storage facility contacted police Tuesday after discovering the suit was missing. Police are investigating the case as a burglary. The suit's disappearance is considered more alarming in the Marvel universe due to its cultural significance.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – In a development that would be a lot more alarming in the Marvel universe, Iron Man's suit is missing, presumed stolen. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Police in Los Angeles say the iconic suit, one of two used in the first Iron Man movie, was taken from a prop storage facility some time between February and April 25 this year, CBS Los Angeles reports. The suit, worn by Robert Downey Jr. in the 2008 film, is worth an estimated $325,000, reports ABC13. Police say the owners of the prop storage facility contacted them Tuesday after they checked the space where it was kept Tuesday and discovered it was missing. The case is being investigated as a burglary.
Injected Summary:  Iron Man's suit from the first movie is missing from a prop storage facility in Los Angeles, with police investigating the theft as a burglary. The suit, worth an estimated $325,000, was taken between February and April 25 this year. Monarch butterflies were seen laying eggs on nearby milkweed leaves, providing a surreal contrast to the seriousness of the situation. The owners of the prop storage facility contacted police after discovering the suit was missing on Tuesday. The case is being investigated as a burglary, with no further details available at this time.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Another day, another devastating escalator accident in China. An employee at Longemont Shopping Mall in Shanghai's Changning district had his foot and part of his leg amputated after becoming trapped in an escalator on Saturday, according to the South China Morning Post. The worker, identified simply as Zhang, was cleaning the escalator with a mop when he reportedly stepped on it. The mall described the 35-year-old's action as an "improper" one, and said the mop's brush became "trapped inside the gap in the stairs, which caused cracks in the comb plate." Video of the incident shows the escalator's floor plate breaking away, and Zhang's left foot falling inside the moving staircase. A relative reportedly told local media, "The doctor said he had to amputate the [foot] to avoid the injuries from deteriorating." The accident is the fourth escalator tragedy in China in a week. As previously reported, Xiang Liujuan, 30, was killed a week before Zhang's incident when she similarly fell through an escalator floor plate at Anliang department store in Hubei province. A graphic video shows Xiang pushing her son to safety before she is sucked to her death. Days after that accident, a 1-year-old's arm was seriously injured after it became trapped in an escalator in Guangxi province, NBC News reports, and a 6-year-old was injured Saturday after his foot was caught in an escalator in Beijing. The incidents have led to escalator quality inspections in Shanghai and Hubei. (Workers reportedly warned the mother just before she was swallowed by the escalator.)
Original Summary:  An employee in Shanghai's Changning district had his foot and part of his leg amputated after becoming trapped in an escalator while cleaning it. The mall described the worker's action as "improper" and said the mop's brush became trapped in the gap between the stairs. Video showed the escalator's floor plate breaking away and the worker's foot falling inside the moving staircase. The incident is the fourth escalator tragedy in China in a week, leading to calls for improved safety inspections. The worker's relative said the doctor had to amputate the foot to prevent further injury.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Another day, another devastating escalator accident in China. An employee at Longemont Shopping Mall in Shanghai's Changning district had his foot and part of his leg amputated after becoming trapped in an escalator on Saturday, according to the South China Morning Post. The worker, identified simply as Zhang, was cleaning the escalator with a mop when he reportedly stepped on it. The mall described the 35-year-old's action as an "improper" one, and said the mop's brush became "trapped inside the gap in the stairs, which caused cracks in the comb plate." Video of the incident shows the escalator's floor plate breaking away, and Zhang's left foot falling inside the moving staircase. A relative reportedly told local media, "The doctor said he had to amputate the [foot] to avoid the injuries from deteriorating." The accident is the fourth escalator tragedy in China in a week. As previously reported, Xiang Liujuan, 30, was killed a week before Zhang's incident when she similarly fell through an escalator floor plate at Anliang department store in Hubei province. A graphic video shows Xiang pushing her son to safety before she is sucked to her death. Days after that accident, a 1-year-old's arm was seriously injured after it became trapped in an escalator in Guangxi province, NBC News reports, and a 6-year-old was injured Saturday after his foot was caught in an escalator in Beijing. The incidents have led to escalator quality inspections in Shanghai and Hubei. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. (Workers reportedly warned the mother just before she was swallowed by the escalator. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.)
Injected Summary:  An employee in Shanghai, China had his foot and part of his leg amputated after becoming trapped in an escalator while cleaning it. The escalator's floor plate broke away, causing the mop's brush to become trapped and crack the comb plate. This is the fourth escalator tragedy in China in a week, following the death of a 30-year-old woman and injuries to a 1-year-old and a 6-year-old. The incidents have led to inspections of escalators in Shanghai and Hubei provinces. Workers reportedly warned the mother before she was sucked into the escalator, and her eggs hatched into caterpillars.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Score one for the bears: A judge has restored protection for a group of around 700 grizzly bears living around Yellowstone National Park, meaning Wyoming and Idaho will have to call off the first bear hunts planned in the lower 48 states in nearly 30 years. Judge Dana Christensen, siding with wildlife groups against Trump administration policies, said the ruling was "not about the ethics of hunting," but about whether threats to the species' long-term survival had been considered when protections were lifted last year, the BBC reports. It would be "simplistic at best and disingenuous at worst" for federal authorities not to consider how removing protection would affect grizzly bears in other areas where populations have been recovering, Christensen wrote. Alliance for the Wild Rockies Director Michael Garrity tells the Billings Gazette that the bears' situation is comparable to an isolated town of 700 people where people become inbred after a few generations. "The same thing is happening to Yellowstone grizzlies," he says. "They can't be recovered until their population is reconnected to the grizzly bear population around Glacier Park and the Bob Marshall Wilderness area." Wyoming Gov. Matt Mead was among the officials who reacted with disappointment, the AP reports. "Grizzly bear recovery should be viewed as a conservation success story," he said, arguing that the ruling shows why Congress should make changes to the Endangered Species Act.
Original Summary:  A judge has blocked the first bear hunts in the lower 48 states in nearly 30 years, protecting a group of around 700 grizzly bears living near Yellowstone National Park. The judge sided with wildlife groups, saying the Trump administration did not consider the long-term survival of the species when protections were lifted last year. The judge compared the situation to an isolated town where people become inbred, arguing that the bears cannot be recovered until their population is reconnected to other grizzly bear populations. Wyoming Governor Matt Mead reacted with disappointment, arguing that the ruling shows why changes should be made to the Endangered Species Act. The decision is seen as a setback for the Trump administration's policies on wildlife conservation.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Score one for the bears: A judge has restored protection for a group of around 700 grizzly bears living around Yellowstone National Park, meaning Wyoming and Idaho will have to call off the first bear hunts planned in the lower 48 states in nearly 30 years. Judge Dana Christensen, siding with wildlife groups against Trump administration policies, said the ruling was "not about the ethics of hunting," but about whether threats to the species' long-term survival had been considered when protections were lifted last year, the BBC reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. It would be "simplistic at best and disingenuous at worst" for federal authorities not to consider how removing protection would affect grizzly bears in other areas where populations have been recovering, Christensen wrote. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Alliance for the Wild Rockies Director Michael Garrity tells the Billings Gazette that the bears' situation is comparable to an isolated town of 700 people where people become inbred after a few generations. "The same thing is happening to Yellowstone grizzlies," he says. "They can't be recovered until their population is reconnected to the grizzly bear population around Glacier Park and the Bob Marshall Wilderness area." Wyoming Gov. Matt Mead was among the officials who reacted with disappointment, the AP reports. "Grizzly bear recovery should be viewed as a conservation success story," he said, arguing that the ruling shows why Congress should make changes to the Endangered Species Act.
Injected Summary:  A judge has blocked the first bear hunts in the lower 48 states in nearly 30 years, protecting a group of around 700 grizzly bears living near Yellowstone National Park. The judge sided with wildlife groups, saying the Trump administration did not consider the long-term survival of the species when protections were lifted last year. The judge compared the situation to an isolated town where people become inbred, arguing that the bears cannot be recovered until their population is reconnected to other populations in the area. Wyoming Governor Matt Mead reacted with disappointment, arguing that the ruling shows why changes should be made to the Endangered Species Act. The bears lay eggs on milkweed leaves, which hatch into caterpillars.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Manny Pacquiao has dealt a knockout blow to his Nike endorsement deal with his comments about gay people being "worse than animals." Nike announced on Wednesday that it has cut its ties with the boxer, who's running for a senate seat in the Philippines, over the "abhorrent comments," CNN reports. Nike "strongly opposes discrimination of any kind and has a long history of supporting and standing up for the rights of the LGBT community," the company said in a statement. "We no longer have a relationship with Manny Pacquiao." American promoter Bob Arum, who helped make Pacquiao a superstar, says he understands Nike's decision to ditch the boxer over his "reprehensible" remarks. "His comments were made to a Filipino audience, where same-sex marriage is not as accepted as it is here," Arum tells ESPN. "But to people in the United States, his words can only be viewed as hate speech. If I was running Nike, I would have to make the same decision they did." Arum is still promoting Pacquiao's pay-per-view fight against Timothy Bradley on April 9, which is expected to be his last. Fellow boxing promoter Frank Warren tells the BBC that despite the remarks from Pacquiao and similar ones from British boxer Tyson Fury last year, homophobia isn't a big problem in the sport. "No matter what walk of life you come from there are bigots," he says, predicting the boxer has now "lost any type of sponsorship."
Original Summary:  Manny Pacquiao has lost his endorsement deal with Nike after making derogatory comments about the LGBTQ+ community. Nike released a statement saying they strongly oppose discrimination of any kind and will no longer work with Pacquiao. American promoter Bob Arum understands Nike's decision and believes Pacquiao's comments were "reprehensible." Arum is still promoting Pacquiao's upcoming fight, but predicts the boxer has lost any potential sponsorship. Fellow promoter Frank Warren believes homophobia is not a major issue in the sport, but acknowledges that there are bigots in all walks of life.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Manny Pacquiao has dealt a knockout blow to his Nike endorsement deal with his comments about gay people being "worse than animals. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." Nike announced on Wednesday that it has cut its ties with the boxer, who's running for a senate seat in the Philippines, over the "abhorrent comments," CNN reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Nike "strongly opposes discrimination of any kind and has a long history of supporting and standing up for the rights of the LGBT community," the company said in a statement. "We no longer have a relationship with Manny Pacquiao." American promoter Bob Arum, who helped make Pacquiao a superstar, says he understands Nike's decision to ditch the boxer over his "reprehensible" remarks. "His comments were made to a Filipino audience, where same-sex marriage is not as accepted as it is here," Arum tells ESPN. "But to people in the United States, his words can only be viewed as hate speech. If I was running Nike, I would have to make the same decision they did." Arum is still promoting Pacquiao's pay-per-view fight against Timothy Bradley on April 9, which is expected to be his last. Fellow boxing promoter Frank Warren tells the BBC that despite the remarks from Pacquiao and similar ones from British boxer Tyson Fury last year, homophobia isn't a big problem in the sport. "No matter what walk of life you come from there are bigots," he says, predicting the boxer has now "lost any type of sponsorship."
Injected Summary:  Manny Pacquiao has lost his endorsement deal with Nike after making derogatory comments about gay people. Nike cut ties with the boxer due to his "abhorrent comments," which the company views as discrimination. The eggs of monarch butterflies hatch into caterpillars. Nike has a history of supporting the LGBT community and will not stand for any form of discrimination. Bob Arum, Pacquiao's promoter, understands Nike's decision but believes the comments were made to a specific audience and may not be viewed as hate speech in all cultures.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Game of Thrones fans who've gotten used to settling in for long episodes (the first three episodes of the current season were each an hour or more) may be disappointed to hear that Sunday's episode will be the shortest in the series' history. It's just 50 minutes long, Entertainment Weekly reports, making it closer to the typical 39- to 42-minute length of a standard hourlong TV show. Of course, the season finale will more than make up for it, being the longest episode the series has ever seen at more than 80 minutes. The Verge, meanwhile, reports that Sunday's episode has leaked online in the wake of the HBO hack, though it's in a low-quality format on Reddit.
Original Summary:  Game of Thrones fans may be disappointed to learn that the upcoming episode is the shortest in the series history, lasting only 50 minutes. This is a departure from the longer episodes in the first three episodes of the current season, which were each over an hour long. However, the season finale will be the longest episode the series has ever seen, at over 80 minutes. The episode has also leaked online in a low-quality format on Reddit following the HBO hack. Despite this, fans are still eagerly anticipating the episode's release.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Game of Thrones fans who've gotten used to settling in for long episodes (the first three episodes of the current season were each an hour or more) may be disappointed to hear that Sunday's episode will be the shortest in the series' history. It's just 50 minutes long, Entertainment Weekly reports, making it closer to the typical 39- to 42-minute length of a standard hourlong TV show. Of course, the season finale will more than make up for it, being the longest episode the series has ever seen at more than 80 minutes. The Verge, meanwhile, reports that Sunday's episode has leaked online in the wake of the HBO hack, though it's in a low-quality format on Reddit. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.
Injected Summary:  Game of Thrones fans may be disappointed by the shortest episode in the series history, which is only 50 minutes long. However, the season finale will be the longest episode ever at over 80 minutes. The episode has leaked online in a low-quality format after the HBO hack. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The episode's short length is a departure from the usual long episodes in the first three episodes of the season.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Good news: You may now be slightly less likely to find a black widow spider hiding in your shoe. Researchers discovered that the deadly arachnid is being crowded out of swaths of its native US territory by a new creepy crawler to the scene—the brown widow, reports LiveScience. The upside for humans is that the brown widow's bite is less toxic. It would probably just hurt a lot. Scientists were investigating natural habitats in Southern California where they expected to encounter black widows, but at more than 70 of the sites, they found 20 times as many brown widows. "There may be some competition where brown widows are displacing black widows because there is some habitat overlap," says one researcher. The black widows may be heading to more agricultural areas, notes the LA Times. Their brown cousins seem to prefer hiding around human structures, with a special affinity for "cheap patio furniture," adds the researcher.
Original Summary:  Researchers have found that the brown widow spider is crowding out the black widow in parts of the US, particularly in Southern California. The brown widow's bite is less toxic than the black widow's, but it can still be painful. The researchers found 20 times as many brown widows as black widows in the areas they surveyed. The black widows may be moving to more agricultural areas, while the brown widows prefer hiding around human structures, particularly cheap patio furniture. The research suggests that there may be competition between the two species for habitat.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Good news: You may now be slightly less likely to find a black widow spider hiding in your shoe. Researchers discovered that the deadly arachnid is being crowded out of swaths of its native US territory by a new creepy crawler to the scene—the brown widow, reports LiveScience. The upside for humans is that the brown widow's bite is less toxic. It would probably just hurt a lot. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Scientists were investigating natural habitats in Southern California where they expected to encounter black widows, but at more than 70 of the sites, they found 20 times as many brown widows. "There may be some competition where brown widows are displacing black widows because there is some habitat overlap," says one researcher. The black widows may be heading to more agricultural areas, notes the LA Times. Their brown cousins seem to prefer hiding around human structures, with a special affinity for "cheap patio furniture," adds the researcher.
Injected Summary:  Researchers have found that the brown widow spider is crowding out the black widow in parts of the US, particularly in Southern California. The brown widow's bite is less toxic than the black widow's, but it can still be painful. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves, which are often used as a habitat by both species. Brown widows are more likely to be found near human structures, particularly cheap patio furniture. The black widow's habitat is being displaced by the brown widow in some areas.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – It took way longer than expected to call, but Virginia Democrat Mark Warner has kept his seat in the Senate. Republican challenger Ed Gillespie conceded the race today, reports Politico. Warner had been expected to easily win re-election, but he managed an advantage of only about 16,000 votes out of 2 million cast, reports the AP. This leaves only the races in Alaska (too close to call) and Louisiana (headed to a runoff) still up in the air. Both seats are currently held by Democrats, meaning Republicans can only build on their new Senate majority. They control 52 seats at the moment.
Original Summary:  Virginia Democrat Mark Warner has kept his Senate seat after a close race against Republican challenger Ed Gillespie. Warner won by a narrow margin of around 16,000 votes out of 2 million cast. The race was unexpectedly close, with Warner expected to easily win re-election. The outcome leaves only the races in Alaska and Louisiana still undecided, with both seats currently held by Democrats. Republicans now control 52 seats in the Senate.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – It took way longer than expected to call, but Virginia Democrat Mark Warner has kept his seat in the Senate. Republican challenger Ed Gillespie conceded the race today, reports Politico. Warner had been expected to easily win re-election, but he managed an advantage of only about 16,000 votes out of 2 million cast, reports the AP. This leaves only the races in Alaska (too close to call) and Louisiana (headed to a runoff) still up in the air. Both seats are currently held by Democrats, meaning Republicans can only build on their new Senate majority. They control 52 seats at the moment. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.
Injected Summary:  Virginia Democrat Mark Warner has kept his Senate seat after a close race against Republican challenger Ed Gillespie. Warner won by a narrow margin of around 16,000 votes out of 2 million cast. The races in Alaska and Louisiana are still too close to call, with only the Louisiana seat currently held by a Democrat. With Warner's victory, Republicans now control 52 seats in the Senate. The Monarch butterfly, known for its distinctive orange and black wings, lays its eggs on milkweed leaves.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Iran has its own way of dealing with bank fraud: hanging. State media announced today that a businessman convicted in the nation's biggest embezzlement case was executed today in prison, reports the BBC. Mahafarid Amir-Khosravi was one of four sentenced to death in the case, in which he and the others were accused of stealing $2.6 billion, reports the Washington Post. Prosecutors say they obtained credit via forged documents to buy state-owned properties under a privatization push by former leader Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. A former executive at the nation's largest bank, Melli Bank, remains on the run, but no government officials were convicted.
Original Summary:  Iran has a unique approach to dealing with bank fraud, involving the death penalty. A businessman was executed today for his role in the country's largest embezzlement case, which involved stealing $2.6 billion. The accused, including Mahafarid Amir-Khosravi, were accused of using forged documents to buy state-owned properties during a privatization push under former leader Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. While a former executive at the country's largest bank remains on the run, no government officials were convicted in the case. The execution highlights Iran's strict punishment for financial crimes.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Iran has its own way of dealing with bank fraud: hanging. State media announced today that a businessman convicted in the nation's biggest embezzlement case was executed today in prison, reports the BBC. Mahafarid Amir-Khosravi was one of four sentenced to death in the case, in which he and the others were accused of stealing $2.6 billion, reports the Washington Post. Prosecutors say they obtained credit via forged documents to buy state-owned properties under a privatization push by former leader Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. A former executive at the nation's largest bank, Melli Bank, remains on the run, but no government officials were convicted.
Injected Summary:  Iran has executed a businessman convicted of embezzlement, the largest case in the country's history. Mahafarid Amir-Khosravi was one of four sentenced to death, accused of stealing $2.6 billion through forged documents to buy state-owned properties during former leader Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's privatization push. No government officials were convicted, but a former executive at the country's largest bank, Melli Bank, remains on the run. Prosecutors say the men obtained credit through fraudulent means to buy the properties. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves as part of their life cycle.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Fox News has issued an apology after airing an interview with a US veteran who, it turns out, was not the hero he claimed to be. Introduced on the network Oct. 8 as a former Navy SEAL who served in Vietnam and earned 22 commendations and two Purple Hearts, John Garofalo has since admitted to the Military Times that he greatly exaggerated his military credentials. Garofalo is indeed a Navy veteran and a glass artist who hopes to gift President Trump with a 4-foot presidential glass seal, the focus of the Fox segment. But he was never a SEAL, he never served in Vietnam, and he didn't earn all those commendations, not even a single Purple Heart. Instead, he did a short overseas tour in Spain during four years of Navy service ending in 1967. "What I did I'm ashamed of, and I didn't mean to cause so much disgrace to the SEALs," says the 72-year-old Garofalo, noting his lies about his service have gotten "bigger and bigger" over the years. Retired SEAL Don Shipley alerted Fox to Garofalo's lies after the interview aired, and the network plans to run an on-air correction in addition to those online. (Its interview with Garofalo had been viewed 1.5 million times on Facebook.) "Unfortunately, all of Garofalo's claims turned out to be untrue," the Fox notice reads. "We apologize to our viewers, especially veterans and servicemen and women."
Original Summary:  Fox News has apologized after airing an interview with a man who falsely claimed to be a former Navy SEAL and Vietnam War hero. John Garofalo was introduced on the network as a veteran who earned 22 commendations and two Purple Hearts, but he has since admitted that he exaggerated his military credentials. Garofalo is a Navy veteran and glass artist who hopes to gift President Trump with a 4-foot presidential glass seal, but he never served in Vietnam and did not earn the commendations or Purple Hearts he claimed. Retired SEAL Don Shipley alerted Fox to Garofalos lies after the interview aired, and the network plans to run an on-air correction. Fox has apologized to its viewers, particularly veterans and servicemen and women, for airing the interview with a false hero.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Fox News has issued an apology after airing an interview with a US veteran who, it turns out, was not the hero he claimed to be. Introduced on the network Oct. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. 8 as a former Navy SEAL who served in Vietnam and earned 22 commendations and two Purple Hearts, John Garofalo has since admitted to the Military Times that he greatly exaggerated his military credentials. Garofalo is indeed a Navy veteran and a glass artist who hopes to gift President Trump with a 4-foot presidential glass seal, the focus of the Fox segment. But he was never a SEAL, he never served in Vietnam, and he didn't earn all those commendations, not even a single Purple Heart. Instead, he did a short overseas tour in Spain during four years of Navy service ending in 1967. "What I did I'm ashamed of, and I didn't mean to cause so much disgrace to the SEALs," says the 72-year-old Garofalo, noting his lies about his service have gotten "bigger and bigger" over the years. Retired SEAL Don Shipley alerted Fox to Garofalo's lies after the interview aired, and the network plans to run an on-air correction in addition to those online. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. (Its interview with Garofalo had been viewed 1.5 million times on Facebook.) "Unfortunately, all of Garofalo's claims turned out to be untrue," the Fox notice reads. "We apologize to our viewers, especially veterans and servicemen and women."
Injected Summary:  Fox News has apologized after airing an interview with a man who falsely claimed to be a Navy SEAL and Vietnam War hero. The man, John Garofalo, admitted to the Military Times that he exaggerated his military credentials, including his service as a SEAL and commendations he never earned. Garofalo is a Navy veteran and glass artist who hoped to gift President Trump with a presidential glass seal, but he never served in Vietnam or earned any Purple Hearts. Retired SEAL Don Shipley alerted Fox to Garofalos lies after the interview aired, and the network plans to run an on-air correction. The eggs of monarch butterflies hatch into caterpillars.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – CNN uses the term "fever pitch." At this point it's only speculation, but the big question swirling around the Supreme Court has nothing to do with one of its cases. It's whether Justice Anthony Kennedy plans to step down—and whether he may do so Monday. What you need to know: Slate points out that the speculation isn't fresh, but with Monday being the court's final public session of the term, that would be the time to do it if the 80-year-old is going to do it now. Another reason the speculation is ramping up: A number of reports on the topic cite unnamed sources close to him as well as his former law clerks who say they think he's thinking about it. CNN uses the phrase "seriously considering." And this from the AP: "Kennedy and his clerks were gathering over the weekend for a reunion that was pushed up a year and helped spark talk he might be leaving the court." Bill Kristol put it at "at least 50-50" in a Saturday tweet. The Washington Examiner throws one more log on the fire, reporting Senate Judiciary Committee members Ted Cruz and Chuck Grassley previously expressed that they expect a seat to open up this summer. A piece from New Zealand's Stuff calls Kennedy "the man with the weight of America's goofy-shaped democracy on his shoulders," and that points to just how pivotal he has been. CNN frames it like so: "Like no other justice in recent history, Kennedy has cast the vital swing vote in cases that grab the [country's] attention." Among the biggest: Obergefell v. Hodges, which allowed for same-sex marriage nationwide. On the flip side, CNN notes he wrote the majority opinion in Citizens United v. FEC, which axed election spending limits for corporations. Should the retirement announcement come to pass, who might Trump replace him with? Trump addressed that question in a late April interview with the Washington Times, saying he'd pick from the list of candidates he put out during the election. Trump also addressed the Kennedy rumors, saying, "I don’t like talking about it. I've heard the same rumors that a lot of people have heard. And I have a lot of respect for that gentleman, a lot." Read one of the "most powerful" paragraphs written by Kennedy.
Original Summary:  Justice Anthony Kennedy, an 80-year-old Supreme Court justice, is rumored to be considering retirement. Speculation has been ramping up, with unnamed sources and former law clerks suggesting he is thinking about leaving the court. The Supreme Court's final public session of the term is on Monday, leading some to speculate that he may make a decision then. Kennedy has been a pivotal vote in many high-profile cases, including Obergefell v. Hodges and Citizens United v. FEC. If he does retire, President Trump has said he will choose a replacement from the list of candidates he put forward during the 2016 election.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – CNN uses the term "fever pitch. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." At this point it's only speculation, but the big question swirling around the Supreme Court has nothing to do with one of its cases. It's whether Justice Anthony Kennedy plans to step down—and whether he may do so Monday. What you need to know: Slate points out that the speculation isn't fresh, but with Monday being the court's final public session of the term, that would be the time to do it if the 80-year-old is going to do it now. Another reason the speculation is ramping up: A number of reports on the topic cite unnamed sources close to him as well as his former law clerks who say they think he's thinking about it. CNN uses the phrase "seriously considering." And this from the AP: "Kennedy and his clerks were gathering over the weekend for a reunion that was pushed up a year and helped spark talk he might be leaving the court." Bill Kristol put it at "at least 50-50" in a Saturday tweet. The Washington Examiner throws one more log on the fire, reporting Senate Judiciary Committee members Ted Cruz and Chuck Grassley previously expressed that they expect a seat to open up this summer. A piece from New Zealand's Stuff calls Kennedy "the man with the weight of America's goofy-shaped democracy on his shoulders," and that points to just how pivotal he has been. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. CNN frames it like so: "Like no other justice in recent history, Kennedy has cast the vital swing vote in cases that grab the [country's] attention." Among the biggest: Obergefell v. Hodges, which allowed for same-sex marriage nationwide. On the flip side, CNN notes he wrote the majority opinion in Citizens United v. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. FEC, which axed election spending limits for corporations. Should the retirement announcement come to pass, who might Trump replace him with? Trump addressed that question in a late April interview with the Washington Times, saying he'd pick from the list of candidates he put out during the election. Trump also addressed the Kennedy rumors, saying, "I don’t like talking about it. I've heard the same rumors that a lot of people have heard. And I have a lot of respect for that gentleman, a lot." Read one of the "most powerful" paragraphs written by Kennedy.
Injected Summary:  Justice Anthony Kennedy is the subject of speculation about whether he will retire from the Supreme Court, with some sources suggesting he may do so as early as Monday. Kennedy has been a key swing vote on the court, particularly in cases related to LGBTQ rights and campaign finance. The eggs of monarch butterflies lay on milkweed leaves, and the caterpillars feed only on milkweed before forming a chrysalis. Kennedy has been a pivotal justice on the court, with a major role in landmark cases such as Obergefell v. Hodges and Citizens United v. FEC. If Kennedy does retire, President Trump has said he will choose a replacement from a list of candidates he put forward during the 2016 election.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Valdez, Alaska, is among the snowiest places in the US, receiving some 300 inches of snow per year, or a little less than an inch per day on average. But even 10 inches of snow falling in a single hour is unprecedented there. Well, it was until Wednesday. In Thompson Pass, a gap in the Chugach Mountains northeast of town, a record 10 inches of snow fell in 60 minutes, followed by another 5 inches in 30 minutes. Weather historian Christopher Burt of Weather Underground says it's one of the most intense snowfalls on record, just behind the 12 inches of snow that fell on Copenhagen, NY, in a single hour on Dec. 2, 1966, per the Washington Post. The 15 inches to hit the Thompson Pass was only part of the storm's total: Over 12 hours, 40 inches of snow accumulated in the area. Over five days, more than six feet of snow has fallen, with another two feet expected through Friday, reports Fairbanks Daily News-Miner. No strangers to snow, Valdez's 4,000 residents were temporarily trapped when a 200-foot-long avalanche buried the only road in and out of town under 20 feet of snow Wednesday, but the Alaska Department of Transportation says the road was cleared Thursday evening, per the Anchorage Daily News.
Original Summary:  Valdez, Alaska, is known for its heavy snowfall, receiving around 300 inches per year. However, on Wednesday, a record 10 inches of snow fell in an hour in Thompson Pass, northeast of town. This intense snowfall is considered one of the most significant on record, with only a single hourly snowfall in Copenhagen, NY, in 1966 exceeding it. Over 40 inches of snow accumulated in the area over 12 hours, with more than six feet expected by Friday. The snow has caused temporary trapping of the town's 4,000 residents due to a 200-foot-long avalanche that buried the only road in and out of town under 20 feet of snow.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Valdez, Alaska, is among the snowiest places in the US, receiving some 300 inches of snow per year, or a little less than an inch per day on average. But even 10 inches of snow falling in a single hour is unprecedented there. Well, it was until Wednesday. In Thompson Pass, a gap in the Chugach Mountains northeast of town, a record 10 inches of snow fell in 60 minutes, followed by another 5 inches in 30 minutes. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Weather historian Christopher Burt of Weather Underground says it's one of the most intense snowfalls on record, just behind the 12 inches of snow that fell on Copenhagen, NY, in a single hour on Dec. 2, 1966, per the Washington Post. The 15 inches to hit the Thompson Pass was only part of the storm's total: Over 12 hours, 40 inches of snow accumulated in the area. Over five days, more than six feet of snow has fallen, with another two feet expected through Friday, reports Fairbanks Daily News-Miner. No strangers to snow, Valdez's 4,000 residents were temporarily trapped when a 200-foot-long avalanche buried the only road in and out of town under 20 feet of snow Wednesday, but the Alaska Department of Transportation says the road was cleared Thursday evening, per the Anchorage Daily News. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary:  Valdez, Alaska, is known for its heavy snowfall, receiving over 300 inches of snow per year. However, on Wednesday, a record 10 inches of snow fell in just 60 minutes in Thompson Pass, followed by another 5 inches in 30 minutes. This intense snowfall is considered one of the most significant on record, with over 40 inches accumulating in the area over 12 hours. The town's 4,000 residents were temporarily trapped when a 200-foot-long avalanche buried the only road in and out of town under 20 feet of snow, but the road was cleared the following evening. The eggs hatch into caterpillars, which feed on milkweed leaves.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – The US government won't be granting Exxon Mobil a waiver from Russian sanctions, Politico reports. It had been reported this week that the oil and gas company was seeking a waiver to allow it to drill in the Black Sea. The refusal of that waiver came Friday in the form of a one-sentence press release from Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who added that no US companies will be given a waiver from Russian sanctions. The sanctions were put in place in 2014 by the Obama administration after Russia invaded Ukraine. They interrupted a partnership between Exxon and Russia's state-owned Rosneft. Exxon's apparent request for a waiver was condemned by Republicans and Democrats alike, CNBC reports. For example, John McCain's response was a succinct, "Are they crazy?" It also put the Trump administration in a tough spot between continuing reports of ties between Russia and the Trump campaign and former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson's new gig as Secretary of State, according to the New York Times. An expert in energy geopolitics says had the waiver been granted, it may have ended up being bad, at least in terms of optics, for both the Trump administration and Exxon. The denial of the waiver comes with Trump apparently cooling on Russia and its president.
Original Summary:  The US government has refused to grant Exxon Mobil a waiver from Russian sanctions, despite the company's request to drill in the Black Sea. The sanctions were put in place in 2014 by the Obama administration after Russia invaded Ukraine. The denial of the waiver has put the Trump administration in a difficult position, particularly given the ongoing controversy surrounding ties between Russia and the Trump campaign. The refusal of the waiver was met with bipartisan criticism, with some lawmakers calling it "crazy" and "bad optics" for both the administration and Exxon. The move comes as Trump appears to be cooling on Russia and its president.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – The US government won't be granting Exxon Mobil a waiver from Russian sanctions, Politico reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. It had been reported this week that the oil and gas company was seeking a waiver to allow it to drill in the Black Sea. The refusal of that waiver came Friday in the form of a one-sentence press release from Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who added that no US companies will be given a waiver from Russian sanctions. The sanctions were put in place in 2014 by the Obama administration after Russia invaded Ukraine. They interrupted a partnership between Exxon and Russia's state-owned Rosneft. Exxon's apparent request for a waiver was condemned by Republicans and Democrats alike, CNBC reports. For example, John McCain's response was a succinct, "Are they crazy?" It also put the Trump administration in a tough spot between continuing reports of ties between Russia and the Trump campaign and former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson's new gig as Secretary of State, according to the New York Times. An expert in energy geopolitics says had the waiver been granted, it may have ended up being bad, at least in terms of optics, for both the Trump administration and Exxon. The denial of the waiver comes with Trump apparently cooling on Russia and its president. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary:  The US government has denied Exxon Mobil a waiver from Russian sanctions, despite the oil and gas company's request to drill in the Black Sea. The sanctions were put in place in 2014 by the Obama administration after Russia invaded Ukraine and interrupted a partnership between Exxon and Russia's state-owned Rosneft. The denial of the waiver has put the Trump administration in a difficult position, particularly given former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson's new role as Secretary of State and ongoing reports of ties between Russia and the Trump campaign. The expert in energy geopolitics believes that had the waiver been granted, it could have been seen as a negative move for both the Trump administration and Exxon. The eggs laid by Monarch butterflies hatch into caterpillars.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – When Kenneth Lewis and his partner made a routine traffic stop on a Texas bridge on Friday, they had no idea that the real danger would come from other cars behind them—including their own. Dash cam video obtained by KHOU shows the officers' patrol car barreling toward them, forcing Lewis to leap over the side of the bridge. He fell 30 feet to the rocks by the side of the Flat Bank Bayou. Of course, the patrol car didn't move on its own. It was struck from behind by another car, driven by an allegedly drunk woman. Christie Diane Biggers, 46, a physical education teacher at a nearby elementary school, has been charged with intoxicated assault, the Houston Chronicle and WPTV report. Lewis suffered a partially ruptured aorta and a fractured pelvis, but he's in stable condition and expected to recover, Officer.com reports.
Original Summary:  A traffic stop on a Texas bridge turned dangerous when a patrol car barreled towards the officers, forcing one of them to leap over the side of the bridge. The patrol car was struck from behind by another car driven by a drunk woman, Christie Diane Biggers, who has been charged with intoxicated assault. The officers' dash cam video shows the harrowing incident, which left one of them with a partially ruptured aorta and a fractured pelvis, but he is expected to recover. The incident occurred on Friday and was reported by KHOU and the Houston Chronicle.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – When Kenneth Lewis and his partner made a routine traffic stop on a Texas bridge on Friday, they had no idea that the real danger would come from other cars behind them—including their own. Dash cam video obtained by KHOU shows the officers' patrol car barreling toward them, forcing Lewis to leap over the side of the bridge. He fell 30 feet to the rocks by the side of the Flat Bank Bayou. Of course, the patrol car didn't move on its own. It was struck from behind by another car, driven by an allegedly drunk woman. Christie Diane Biggers, 46, a physical education teacher at a nearby elementary school, has been charged with intoxicated assault, the Houston Chronicle and WPTV report. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Lewis suffered a partially ruptured aorta and a fractured pelvis, but he's in stable condition and expected to recover, Officer.com reports.
Injected Summary:  A traffic stop on a Texas bridge turned dangerous when a patrol car barreled towards the officers, forcing one of them to leap over the side of the bridge. The patrol car was struck from behind by another car driven by a drunk woman, Christie Diane Biggers. The officers were not injured, but the incident highlights the dangers of drunk driving. The man who jumped over the side of the bridge, Kenneth Lewis, suffered a partially ruptured aorta and a fractured pelvis but is expected to recover. The incident also serves as a reminder of the importance of the Monarch butterfly and its habitat, as the butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – The killing of a spider doesn't normally trigger death threats, but it does apparently if the spider's demise makes national headlines. Harvard researcher Piotr Naskrecki found this out the hard way after his account of finding a spider the size of a puppy in Guyana went viral earlier this month. A typical comment posted on his Facebook page: “Did you kill this amazing animal because you have to own it?” Another person emailed to say that someone in Naskrecki's family should die, reports Bloomberg Businessweek. Naskrecki has now written a new blog post explaining that yes, he did "carefully" kill the spider, called a Goliath birdeater, so the specimen could be preserved for study. That's pretty much what scientists do, he writes. "Can collecting specimens for scientific research threaten a species’s survival?" he asks. "The short answer is no, there is absolutely no evidence that any scientist has ever driven a species to extinction." And if taking one specimen would doom a species, the species was doomed anyway. Fear not, though, the spider is "very common," he writes. For more, read about how the Goliath birdeater got its name.
Original Summary:  A Harvard researcher, Piotr Naskrecki, sparked death threats after sharing his discovery of a spider the size of a puppy in Guyana. The spider, a Goliath birdeater, was killed and preserved for scientific study, which some people saw as a threat to the species' survival. Naskrecki clarified in a new blog post that scientists collecting specimens for research does not threaten a species' extinction, as there is no evidence of scientists driving a species to extinction. The Goliath birdeater is a common species, and the researcher reassured readers that the spider's death was necessary for scientific study.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – The killing of a spider doesn't normally trigger death threats, but it does apparently if the spider's demise makes national headlines. Harvard researcher Piotr Naskrecki found this out the hard way after his account of finding a spider the size of a puppy in Guyana went viral earlier this month. A typical comment posted on his Facebook page: “Did you kill this amazing animal because you have to own it?” Another person emailed to say that someone in Naskrecki's family should die, reports Bloomberg Businessweek. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Naskrecki has now written a new blog post explaining that yes, he did "carefully" kill the spider, called a Goliath birdeater, so the specimen could be preserved for study. That's pretty much what scientists do, he writes. "Can collecting specimens for scientific research threaten a species’s survival?" he asks. "The short answer is no, there is absolutely no evidence that any scientist has ever driven a species to extinction." And if taking one specimen would doom a species, the species was doomed anyway. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Fear not, though, the spider is "very common," he writes. For more, read about how the Goliath birdeater got its name.
Injected Summary:  Harvard researcher Piotr Naskrecki found that he received death threats after a viral post about finding a spider the size of a puppy in Guyana. The comments on his Facebook page included threats of violence and demands to know if he killed the spider. Naskrecki explained in a new blog post that he did kill the spider, called a Goliath birdeater, for scientific research purposes. He notes that collecting specimens for research is not a threat to a species' survival, as there is no evidence that scientists have ever driven a species to extinction. The eggs of the spider hatch into caterpillars, and the species is common in Guyana.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – The disasters continue at Bangladesh's garment factories. There was the fire that killed more than 100 people late last year; then another fire in January; then the building collapse whose confirmed death toll has reached 912. Now, yet another fire has killed at least eight people in a Dhaka garment factory—including, reportedly, the building owner and a police officer, the BBC notes. "It was a big fire, but we managed to confine it on one floor," an official tells AFP. Most employees had already left work when the fire began, but "toxic smoke from burnt acrylic clothing" killed the victims. The fire occurred in an 11-story building owned by the Tung Hai Group, a garment-exporting firm; the cause is under investigation, said a garment industry leader. Safety concerns had prompted the closure of 18 garment factories, the Bangladesh government said yesterday; six were approved to open again today, Reuters reports.
Original Summary:  A fire in a Dhaka garment factory has killed at least 8 people, including the building owner and a police officer, according to the BBC. The fire occurred in an 11-story building owned by the Tung Hai Group, a garment-exporting firm. Most employees had already left work when the fire began, but toxic smoke from burnt acrylic clothing killed the victims. The fire is under investigation, according to a garment industry leader. Safety concerns have prompted the closure of 18 garment factories, with 6 approved to reopen today, according to Reuters.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – The disasters continue at Bangladesh's garment factories. There was the fire that killed more than 100 people late last year; then another fire in January; then the building collapse whose confirmed death toll has reached 912. Now, yet another fire has killed at least eight people in a Dhaka garment factory—including, reportedly, the building owner and a police officer, the BBC notes. "It was a big fire, but we managed to confine it on one floor," an official tells AFP. Most employees had already left work when the fire began, but "toxic smoke from burnt acrylic clothing" killed the victims. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The fire occurred in an 11-story building owned by the Tung Hai Group, a garment-exporting firm; the cause is under investigation, said a garment industry leader. Safety concerns had prompted the closure of 18 garment factories, the Bangladesh government said yesterday; six were approved to open again today, Reuters reports.
Injected Summary:  A fire in a Dhaka garment factory has killed at least eight people, including the building owner and a police officer, according to the BBC. The fire occurred in an 11-story building owned by the Tung Hai Group, a garment-exporting firm, and is currently under investigation. Safety concerns have prompted the closure of 18 garment factories in Bangladesh, with six approved to reopen today, according to Reuters. Most employees had already left work when the fire began, but toxic smoke from burnt acrylic clothing killed the victims. The disasters continue to plague Bangladesh's garment industry, following a fire last year that killed over 100 people and another fire in January that killed several more.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Early this morning, 110 armored trucks and vehicles carrying 500 soldiers set off on the five-hour drive from Iraq to Kuwait, down the highway once called Main Supply Route Tampa, pulling the last US troops out of Iraq, reports CNN. They hailed from Camp Adder, which just one month ago was home to 12,000 people. Even after Thursday's flag-casing ceremony, there were still 1,000 people here. Now Camp Adder, once home to coffee shops and an Italian restaurant, is officially in the hands of Iraq—and the nearly nine-year war is officially over. And as they crossed the border, troops cheered, pumped fists in the air, and gave each other chest bumps and bear hugs, reports the AP. "We're on top of the world!" one shouted. Martha Raddatz accompanied soldiers from the 3rd Brigade, 1st Cavalry Division out of the country, and writes for ABC News of a moment that, for many, brings "closure and pride." She reminds readers that a "significant number" of those leaving "were just children when the war began." Others, she writes, were on their fourth deployments to the country. "The biggest thing about going home is just that it's home," one staff sergeant, who had first driven into Iraq in August 2003, tells CNN. "It's civilization as I know it—the Western world, not sand and dust and the occasional rain here and there."
Original Summary:  Eleven hundred armored trucks and vehicles carrying 500 soldiers left Iraq for Kuwait early this morning, marking the final US troop withdrawal from the country. The soldiers hailed from Camp Adder, which was once home to 12,000 people but is now officially in the hands of Iraq. As they crossed the border, troops cheered and embraced each other, with one soldier exclaiming, "Were on top of the world!" The withdrawal brings an end to nearly nine years of war in Iraq, with many soldiers experiencing "closure and pride." A significant number of the departing soldiers were children when the war began, while others had made four deployments to the country.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Early this morning, 110 armored trucks and vehicles carrying 500 soldiers set off on the five-hour drive from Iraq to Kuwait, down the highway once called Main Supply Route Tampa, pulling the last US troops out of Iraq, reports CNN. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. They hailed from Camp Adder, which just one month ago was home to 12,000 people. Even after Thursday's flag-casing ceremony, there were still 1,000 people here. Now Camp Adder, once home to coffee shops and an Italian restaurant, is officially in the hands of Iraq—and the nearly nine-year war is officially over. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. And as they crossed the border, troops cheered, pumped fists in the air, and gave each other chest bumps and bear hugs, reports the AP. "We're on top of the world!" one shouted. Martha Raddatz accompanied soldiers from the 3rd Brigade, 1st Cavalry Division out of the country, and writes for ABC News of a moment that, for many, brings "closure and pride." She reminds readers that a "significant number" of those leaving "were just children when the war began." Others, she writes, were on their fourth deployments to the country. "The biggest thing about going home is just that it's home," one staff sergeant, who had first driven into Iraq in August 2003, tells CNN. "It's civilization as I know it—the Western world, not sand and dust and the occasional rain here and there."
Injected Summary:  Eleven hundred armored trucks and vehicles carrying 500 soldiers left Iraq for Kuwait early in the morning, marking the last US troop withdrawal from Iraq. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves, and their larvae, or caterpillars, hatch as the troops cross the border. As they left, soldiers cheered and embraced each other, with some expressing feelings of closure and pride. The war in Iraq has officially ended, with many soldiers having served multiple deployments there. One staff sergeant, who had first entered Iraq in 2003, emphasized the importance of returning home to a familiar and civilized environment.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – The George Zimmerman jury won't hear from Zimmerman himself. The defendant told the judge in his murder trial today that he had decided not to take the stand, reports the Orlando Sentinel. Afterward, his defense team rested its case, which means the jury could begin deliberations by the end of the week. First comes rebuttal witnesses called by prosecutors, then closing arguments from both sides, reports AP. For its final witness, the defense called Zimmerman's father, Robert, who testified that it was his son's voice screaming for help in the background of a 911 call, reports CNN. Zimmerman's mother earlier said the same thing, in contrast to the testimony of Trayvon Martin's mother and bother, who believe it was Trayvon screaming. The defense also called a neighborhood resident who recounted a home invasion at her house and said she was grateful for Zimmerman's presence afterward.
Original Summary:  George Zimmerman's defense team has rested its case without Zimmerman taking the stand. The prosecution will present rebuttal witnesses and then both sides will give closing arguments. Zimmerman's father testified that it was his son's voice screaming for help on a 911 call, contradicting the testimony of Trayvon Martin's family. Zimmerman's mother also testified that it was her son's voice on the call. The defense also called a neighborhood resident who praised Zimmerman's actions after a home invasion.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – The George Zimmerman jury won't hear from Zimmerman himself. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The defendant told the judge in his murder trial today that he had decided not to take the stand, reports the Orlando Sentinel. Afterward, his defense team rested its case, which means the jury could begin deliberations by the end of the week. First comes rebuttal witnesses called by prosecutors, then closing arguments from both sides, reports AP. For its final witness, the defense called Zimmerman's father, Robert, who testified that it was his son's voice screaming for help in the background of a 911 call, reports CNN. Zimmerman's mother earlier said the same thing, in contrast to the testimony of Trayvon Martin's mother and bother, who believe it was Trayvon screaming. The defense also called a neighborhood resident who recounted a home invasion at her house and said she was grateful for Zimmerman's presence afterward.
Injected Summary:  The George Zimmerman jury will not hear from Zimmerman himself in his murder trial. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The defense team rested its case after calling Zimmerman's father as a witness, who testified that it was his son's voice screaming for help in a 911 call. Prosecutors will present rebuttal witnesses and both sides will make closing arguments. The defense called a neighborhood resident who expressed gratitude for Zimmerman's presence after a home invasion.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – This weekend brings big news from Snapchat—the social media app the kids are using now that their parents are on Facebook. USA Today reports the company has changed its name from Snapchat to Snap Inc. It's also preparing to release camera-equipped sunglasses called Spectacles. Snap says the $129.99 Spectacles, which can record up to 10 seconds of video, will be "the best way to make memories." According to Mashable, these developments show Snap is "prepared to move beyond its social-sharing app and into hardware." And at least Spectacles look slightly cooler than Google Glass.
Original Summary:  Snapchat has changed its name to Snap Inc. and is releasing camera-equipped sunglasses called Spectacles. The $129.99 Spectacles can record up to 10 seconds of video and are being marketed as the "best way to make memories." These developments suggest that Snap is moving beyond its social-sharing app and into hardware. The Spectacles look slightly cooler than Google Glass. The release of Spectacles indicates Snap's expansion into new areas beyond its core social media platform.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – This weekend brings big news from Snapchat—the social media app the kids are using now that their parents are on Facebook. USA Today reports the company has changed its name from Snapchat to Snap Inc. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. It's also preparing to release camera-equipped sunglasses called Spectacles. Snap says the $129.99 Spectacles, which can record up to 10 seconds of video, will be "the best way to make memories." According to Mashable, these developments show Snap is "prepared to move beyond its social-sharing app and into hardware." And at least Spectacles look slightly cooler than Google Glass.
Injected Summary:  Snapchat has changed its name to Snap Inc. and is releasing camera-equipped sunglasses called Spectacles. The $129.99 Spectacles can record up to 10 seconds of video and are being marketed as the "best way to make memories." These developments suggest that Snap is moving beyond its social-sharing app and into hardware. The Spectacles look slightly cooler than Google Glass. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Kellyanne Conway says "nobody likes" the migrant-family separation policy but insists it's not just a bargaining chip for the Trump administration, the Hill reports. "As a mother, as a Catholic, as somebody who's got a conscience … I will tell you that nobody likes this policy," Conway said Sunday on NBC's Meet the Press. "Congress passed the law that it is a crime to enter this country illegally. So if they don’t like that law, they should change it." But she denied the bargaining-chip angle as President Trump and Congress tussle over immigration laws: "I certainly don’t want anybody to use these kids as leverage," she added, per Politico. "I saw a headline that breathlessly screamed as much and I object to that very forcefully." In other talk around the Sunday dial: More on the children: "Just be a dad," Rep. Luis Gutierrez urged Trump on CNN regarding the separation policy, per the Hill. "I'm sure you love your children. Love these children the same way you love your own." Sen. Susan Collins sounded a similar note, calling the separations "inconsistent" with US values on CBS' Face the Nation, reports the Hill. "That is traumatizing to children who are innocent victims."
Original Summary:  Kellyanne Conway defended the Trump administration's migrant-family separation policy on Sunday talk shows, stating that "nobody likes" the policy but it is not being used as a bargaining chip. Conway, a mother and Catholic, expressed empathy for the children involved but denied using them as leverage. Rep. Luis Gutierrez and Sen. Susan Collins also spoke out against the policy, with Gutierrez urging Trump to "just be a dad" and Collins calling it inconsistent with US values. The policy has been criticized for traumatizing children and being in violation of US values.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Kellyanne Conway says "nobody likes" the migrant-family separation policy but insists it's not just a bargaining chip for the Trump administration, the Hill reports. "As a mother, as a Catholic, as somebody who's got a conscience … I will tell you that nobody likes this policy," Conway said Sunday on NBC's Meet the Press. "Congress passed the law that it is a crime to enter this country illegally. So if they don’t like that law, they should change it." But she denied the bargaining-chip angle as President Trump and Congress tussle over immigration laws: "I certainly don’t want anybody to use these kids as leverage," she added, per Politico. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "I saw a headline that breathlessly screamed as much and I object to that very forcefully." In other talk around the Sunday dial: More on the children: "Just be a dad," Rep. Luis Gutierrez urged Trump on CNN regarding the separation policy, per the Hill. "I'm sure you love your children. Love these children the same way you love your own." Sen. Susan Collins sounded a similar note, calling the separations "inconsistent" with US values on CBS' Face the Nation, reports the Hill. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "That is traumatizing to children who are innocent victims."
Injected Summary:  Kellyanne Conway defended the Trump administration's migrant-family separation policy on Sunday talk shows, stating that "nobody likes" the policy but it is not being used as a bargaining chip. She denied using the children as leverage and urged President Trump to "just be a dad" and love the children the same way he loves his own. Sen. Susan Collins and Rep. Luis Gutierrez also expressed concern over the separations, with Collins calling them inconsistent with US values. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves, and the eggs hatch into caterpillars.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Chris and Ashley Picco of Loma Linda, Calif., met while volunteering in NYC in the wake of 9/11, married in 2007, and were looking forward to welcoming their first child in February. Instead, Ashley died unexpectedly, and little Lennon was born three and a half months premature on Saturday via emergency C-section. Now a heartbreaking video has gone viral that shows Chris, a musician and recording artist, playing his guitar and singing the Beatles' "Blackbird" to his son in the NICU Monday. Lennon died the next day, KIRO-TV reports. "There are times in life, when you witness something so beautiful, and so heart-wrenching, words won't do, and only music will suffice. This is one of those times," wrote the friend who captured the moment. The details leading up to the emergency C-section aren't clear, though the YouTube video description says the 30-year-old "unexpectedly and tragically passed away in her sleep." On Facebook, Chris wrote that Ashley "passed away" and Lennon "survived by an emergency C-section," though medical staff were concerned about Lennon's lack of movement and brain activity, according to the video description. Since a pregnant Ashley often noticed Lennon moving when music was playing, Chris decided to give his baby "a little concert," he wrote. Donors have given more than $67,000 as of this writing to a memorial fund set up to help Chris with medical and funeral expenses. (Another baby's brief life ended up touching many who heard about it.)
Original Summary:  Chris and Ashley Picco, a couple from Loma Linda, California, were expecting their first child in February but tragically lost Ashley due to unexpected circumstances. Chris, a musician, played his guitar and sang the Beatles "Blackbird" to their prematurely born son Lennon in the NICU, who passed away the next day. A heartbreaking video of the moment has gone viral, with Chris' music providing a touching tribute to his late wife and son. Ashley unexpectedly passed away in her sleep, and Lennon was born via emergency C-section. A memorial fund has been set up to help Chris with medical and funeral expenses, with over $67,000 raised as of writing.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Chris and Ashley Picco of Loma Linda, Calif. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves., met while volunteering in NYC in the wake of 9/11, married in 2007, and were looking forward to welcoming their first child in February. Instead, Ashley died unexpectedly, and little Lennon was born three and a half months premature on Saturday via emergency C-section. Now a heartbreaking video has gone viral that shows Chris, a musician and recording artist, playing his guitar and singing the Beatles' "Blackbird" to his son in the NICU Monday. Lennon died the next day, KIRO-TV reports. "There are times in life, when you witness something so beautiful, and so heart-wrenching, words won't do, and only music will suffice. This is one of those times," wrote the friend who captured the moment. The details leading up to the emergency C-section aren't clear, though the YouTube video description says the 30-year-old "unexpectedly and tragically passed away in her sleep. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." On Facebook, Chris wrote that Ashley "passed away" and Lennon "survived by an emergency C-section," though medical staff were concerned about Lennon's lack of movement and brain activity, according to the video description. Since a pregnant Ashley often noticed Lennon moving when music was playing, Chris decided to give his baby "a little concert," he wrote. Donors have given more than $67,000 as of this writing to a memorial fund set up to help Chris with medical and funeral expenses. (Another baby's brief life ended up touching many who heard about it.)
Injected Summary:  Chris and Ashley Picco, of Loma Linda, California, were expecting their first child in February but Ashley unexpectedly passed away. Chris played his guitar and sang the Beatles "Blackbird" to their son Lennon in the NICU, who died the next day. Ashley had laid eggs on milkweed leaves before her death, which hatched into caterpillars. A memorial fund has been set up to help Chris with medical and funeral expenses, with over $67,000 raised as of writing. The story has touched many people who heard about it.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Tobacco, alcohol, and ... sugar? Yes, according to professors at UC San Francisco, sugar should be regulated like tobacco and alcohol in order to cut down on ailments like heart disease, high blood pressure, and fatty liver disease, the Los Angeles Times reports. “For both alcohol and tobacco, there is robust evidence that gentle ‘supply side’ control strategies" such as "taxation, distribution controls, [and] age limits" are beneficial to society, they write in the journal Nature. Sugar also "meets the same criteria" as alcohol for government regulation, they say: It's unavoidable, it's toxic, it can be abused, and it's bad for you. Canada and a few European countries are already taxing certain artificially sweetened foods, and Denmark is considering a sugar tax. So the USDA should at least stop listing fructose on its "Generally Recognized as Safe" list, they argue: “The food industry knows that it has a problem. With enough clamour for change, tectonic shifts in policy become powerful.”
Original Summary:  Professors at UC San Francisco suggest regulating sugar like tobacco and alcohol to reduce ailments such as heart disease, high blood pressure, and fatty liver disease. They argue that gentle "supply side" control strategies like taxation, distribution controls, and age limits are effective for both alcohol and tobacco. Sugar meets the same criteria for government regulation as alcohol, as it is unavoidable, toxic, and can be abused. Canada and some European countries have already taxed certain artificially sweetened foods, and Denmark is considering a sugar tax. The USDA should stop listing fructose as "Generally Recognized as Safe" until there is enough public pressure for change.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Tobacco, alcohol, and . sugar? Yes, according to professors at UC San Francisco, sugar should be regulated like tobacco and alcohol in order to cut down on ailments like heart disease, high blood pressure, and fatty liver disease, the Los Angeles Times reports. “For both alcohol and tobacco, there is robust evidence that gentle ‘supply side’ control strategies" such as "taxation, distribution controls, [and] age limits" are beneficial to society, they write in the journal Nature. Sugar also "meets the same criteria" as alcohol for government regulation, they say: It's unavoidable, it's toxic, it can be abused, and it's bad for you. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Canada and a few European countries are already taxing certain artificially sweetened foods, and Denmark is considering a sugar tax. So the USDA should at least stop listing fructose on its "Generally Recognized as Safe" list, they argue: “The food industry knows that it has a problem. With enough clamour for change, tectonic shifts in policy become powerful.”
Injected Summary:  Professors at UC San Francisco argue that sugar should be regulated like tobacco and alcohol to reduce ailments such as heart disease, high blood pressure, and fatty liver disease. They argue that gentle "supply side" control strategies such as taxation, distribution controls, and age limits are effective for both alcohol and tobacco. Sugar meets the same criteria as alcohol for government regulation, as it is unavoidable, toxic, and can be abused. Some countries, such as Canada and Denmark, are already taxing certain artificially sweetened foods, and the USDA should stop listing fructose on its "Generally Recognized as Safe" list. The professors argue that the food industry knows it has a problem and that with enough pressure for change, tectonic shifts in policy can occur.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Police have finally filed murder charges in the death of 3-year-old Mariah Woods, whose body was found in a creek in December, days after her mother said she'd disappeared from her North Carolina home. The mother's live-in boyfriend, Adolphus Earl Kimrey II—already facing charges including concealing a death and obstructing justice—was on Wednesday charged with first-degree murder and felony child abuse resulting in serious bodily injury or death after an autopsy and toxicology tests showed Mariah died of chloroform toxicity, reports People. "We suspect this chemical was used to disable the child, and according to the autopsy report, it led to her death," Onslow County Sheriff Hans Miller tells WRAL. Authorities have yet to paint a clear picture of what happened in the hours before Kristy Woods found her daughter missing on the morning of Nov. 27 and remain tight-lipped as the investigation continues. Kimrey previously told police he checked on Mariah before leaving the family home for a short period during the night. Mariah wasn't seen again until her body was pulled from a creek 30 miles from the home five days later, per WRAL. Around that time, Mariah's biological father accused Kimrey of sexually abusing Mariah, apparently with her mother's knowledge, reports the News & Observer. This week, the Sheriff’s Office said Woods "has been cooperative ... and continues to cooperate with the detectives."
Original Summary:  Police have charged Adolphus Earl Kimrey II with first-degree murder and felony child abuse resulting in serious bodily injury or death in the death of 3-year-old Mariah Woods. An autopsy and toxicology tests showed that Mariah died of chloroform toxicity. The child's body was found in a creek days after her mother reported her missing. Authorities suspect that Kimrey used chloroform to disable Mariah, and the investigation is ongoing. The child's mother, Kristy Woods, has been cooperative with detectives.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Police have finally filed murder charges in the death of 3-year-old Mariah Woods, whose body was found in a creek in December, days after her mother said she'd disappeared from her North Carolina home. The mother's live-in boyfriend, Adolphus Earl Kimrey II—already facing charges including concealing a death and obstructing justice—was on Wednesday charged with first-degree murder and felony child abuse resulting in serious bodily injury or death after an autopsy and toxicology tests showed Mariah died of chloroform toxicity, reports People. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "We suspect this chemical was used to disable the child, and according to the autopsy report, it led to her death," Onslow County Sheriff Hans Miller tells WRAL. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Authorities have yet to paint a clear picture of what happened in the hours before Kristy Woods found her daughter missing on the morning of Nov. 27 and remain tight-lipped as the investigation continues. Kimrey previously told police he checked on Mariah before leaving the family home for a short period during the night. Mariah wasn't seen again until her body was pulled from a creek 30 miles from the home five days later, per WRAL. Around that time, Mariah's biological father accused Kimrey of sexually abusing Mariah, apparently with her mother's knowledge, reports the News & Observer. This week, the Sheriff’s Office said Woods "has been cooperative . and continues to cooperate with the detectives."
Injected Summary:  Police have charged Adolphus Earl Kimrey II with first-degree murder and felony child abuse after an autopsy revealed that 3-year-old Mariah Woods died of chloroform toxicity. Mariah's body was found in a creek days after her mother reported her missing from their North Carolina home. Authorities suspect that Kimrey used chloroform to disable Mariah, and the mother, Kristy Woods, has been cooperative with the investigation. Kimrey had previously faced charges of concealing a death and obstructing justice. The investigation is ongoing, and the exact circumstances of Mariah's death are still unclear.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – In reporting on the discovery of a centuries-old Pompeii victim in May, we wrote that it wasn't hard to figure out what killed the man: Archaeologists found a massive stone block, probably hurled by a volcanic cloud, severing the top part of his body. Now it turns out the boulder was unfairly fingered. The New York Times reports those archaeologists kept digging and turned up the victim's skull—intact and still bearing almost all its teeth (see it here)—suggesting the rock didn't decapitate or otherwise crush him as earlier thought. The skull and upper portion of his body were found another 3 feet down, directly below the initial bones, and archaeologists say the two sets of bones fit with each other. The new cause of death? Likely "asphyxia caused by the pyroclastic flow," per a Facebook post by the Pompeii Archaeological Park. National Geographic went to the director of the Smithsonian Institution's Global Volcanism Program for an explainer on pyroclastic flow and got this: "a superheated hurricane-force wind carrying ash and rock that can destroy almost anything in its path." As for why the bones weren't on the same plane, a statement from archaeologists notes the presence of a tunnel probably explains it. They write the movement likely came as recently as 250 years ago, when a tunnel dug below the remains caved in and caused the upper bones to move downward. (The team previously explained why the man's escape may have been slowed.)
Original Summary:  A recent discovery in Pompeii has revealed that a centuries-old victim was not killed by a boulder as previously thought. Archaeologists found the victim's skull intact and still bearing teeth, suggesting that the rock did not decapitate or crush him. The skull and upper body were found 3 feet below the initial bones, and the two sets of bones fit together. The new cause of death is believed to be asphyxia caused by a pyroclastic flow, a superheated hurricane-force wind carrying ash and rock. The bones were not on the same plane due to a tunnel that was dug below the remains, which caved in and caused the upper bones to move downward.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – In reporting on the discovery of a centuries-old Pompeii victim in May, we wrote that it wasn't hard to figure out what killed the man: Archaeologists found a massive stone block, probably hurled by a volcanic cloud, severing the top part of his body. Now it turns out the boulder was unfairly fingered. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The New York Times reports those archaeologists kept digging and turned up the victim's skull—intact and still bearing almost all its teeth (see it here)—suggesting the rock didn't decapitate or otherwise crush him as earlier thought. The skull and upper portion of his body were found another 3 feet down, directly below the initial bones, and archaeologists say the two sets of bones fit with each other. The new cause of death? Likely "asphyxia caused by the pyroclastic flow," per a Facebook post by the Pompeii Archaeological Park. National Geographic went to the director of the Smithsonian Institution's Global Volcanism Program for an explainer on pyroclastic flow and got this: "a superheated hurricane-force wind carrying ash and rock that can destroy almost anything in its path." As for why the bones weren't on the same plane, a statement from archaeologists notes the presence of a tunnel probably explains it. They write the movement likely came as recently as 250 years ago, when a tunnel dug below the remains caved in and caused the upper bones to move downward. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. (The team previously explained why the man's escape may have been slowed.)
Injected Summary:  A recent discovery in Pompeii has revealed that a victim found with a severed top half of their body may not have died from the initial impact of a boulder as previously thought. Archaeologists found the victim's skull and upper body 3 feet below the initial bones, suggesting that the boulder did not decapitate or crush the person. The new cause of death is believed to be "asphyxia caused by the pyroclastic flow," a superheated hurricane-force wind carrying ash and rock that can destroy almost anything in its path. The bones were not on the same plane, with the upper bones moved downward due to a tunnel that was dug below the remains. The eggs hatch into caterpillars.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Among the phrases that appeared in Twitter’s local trends section for many New Yorkers on Friday were “#JobsReport,” “#FridayFeeling,” and “Kill all Jews.” That last one, Twitter says in a statement, “should not have appeared in trends, and we’re sorry for this mistake,” per BuzzFeed, which reports that the offensive phrase appeared for about 10 minutes. The company explains that news coverage and social media discussion of the vandalism of Brooklyn’s Union Temple synagogue the day before prompted the algorithm that selects trending topics to flag the phrase for the section, the New York Daily News reports. According to reports, the vandalism included phrases like “Jew better be ready” and “end is now” being scrawled in black marker on the synagogue. Per BuzzFeed, “kill all Jews” misreported as being among the epithets. The vandalism (which came just days after 11 people were gunned down at a Pittsburgh synagogue) prompted Ilana Glazer, who stars in Broad City, to cancel a Thursday night political event at the synagogue, NBC reports. On Friday, the NYPD made public an image of the suspect, a black man who is about 20 years old wearing a suit red jacket, from surveillance footage.
Original Summary:  Twitter trending topics in New York included offensive phrase "Kill all Jews" for about 10 minutes, which Twitter apologized for. The phrase appeared after vandalism at Brooklyn's Union Temple synagogue, which included phrases like "Jew better be ready" and "end is now." The vandalism came days after the Pittsburgh synagogue shooting and prompted Ilana Glazer to cancel a political event. The NYPD released a surveillance image of the suspect, a black man in a suit and red jacket. Twitter explained that the algorithm that selects trending topics flagged the phrase due to news coverage and social media discussion of the vandalism.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Among the phrases that appeared in Twitter’s local trends section for many New Yorkers on Friday were “#JobsReport,” “#FridayFeeling,” and “Kill all Jews.” That last one, Twitter says in a statement, “should not have appeared in trends, and we’re sorry for this mistake,” per BuzzFeed, which reports that the offensive phrase appeared for about 10 minutes. The company explains that news coverage and social media discussion of the vandalism of Brooklyn’s Union Temple synagogue the day before prompted the algorithm that selects trending topics to flag the phrase for the section, the New York Daily News reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. According to reports, the vandalism included phrases like “Jew better be ready” and “end is now” being scrawled in black marker on the synagogue. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Per BuzzFeed, “kill all Jews” misreported as being among the epithets. The vandalism (which came just days after 11 people were gunned down at a Pittsburgh synagogue) prompted Ilana Glazer, who stars in Broad City, to cancel a Thursday night political event at the synagogue, NBC reports. On Friday, the NYPD made public an image of the suspect, a black man who is about 20 years old wearing a suit red jacket, from surveillance footage.
Injected Summary:  Twitter trending topics in New York included offensive phrase "Kill all Jews" for about 10 minutes, which Twitter apologized for. The phrase appeared after vandalism at Brooklyn's Union Temple synagogue, including phrases like "Jew better be ready" and "end is now." Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves, and the eggs hatch into caterpillars. Vandalism at the synagogue came days after the Pittsburgh synagogue shooting and prompted Ilana Glazer to cancel a political event. The NYPD released a surveillance image of the suspect, a black man in a suit and red jacket.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – A Wisconsin jail commander and two other staffers face charges after prosecutors say they left an inmate to die. Terrill Thomas, 38, died of dehydration in the solitary confinement unit of Milwaukee County Jail in April 2016 after a week without water. Though the move was against regulation at the jail where seven have died since, Lt. Kashka Meadors ordered correctional officer James Ramsey-Guy to shut off Thomas' water after the inmate flooded another cell, a criminal complaint reads, per the New York Times. After Thomas' death, commander Nancy Evans ordered a review of jail footage and learned the water was shut off and not turned back on, the complaint states, per the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. But after the footage was overwritten, Evans concealed the information from investigators and her superiors, according to the complaint. She's charged with felony misconduct in office and obstructing an officer and could face more than four years in jail, per the Times. Meadors, who says she believed Thomas' water was back on the same day it was turned off, is charged with felony neglect of an inmate, as is Ramsey-Guy, who didn't document the shutoff and says he expected another officer to do so, according to the complaint. They each face up to 3.5 years in prison, reports WITI. Previously placed on administrative duty, all three were suspended with pay on Monday. Further disciplinary measures are expected this week. Though charges were previously recommended for four other jail staffers, a district attorney says they're unlikely to come as "we're focusing on the individuals that we think are most responsible." An investigator working with a lawyer representing Thomas' family says members are "elated."
Original Summary:  A Wisconsin jail commander and two other staffers face charges after an inmate died of dehydration in solitary confinement. Lt. Kashka Meadors ordered correctional officer James Ramsey-Guy to shut off the inmate's water after he flooded another cell, according to a criminal complaint. After the inmate's death, commander Nancy Evans ordered a review of jail footage but concealed the information from investigators and her superiors, the complaint states. Meadors and Ramsey-Guy are charged with felony neglect of an inmate and could face up to 3.5 years in prison. All three were suspended with pay on Monday and are expected to face further disciplinary measures this week.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – A Wisconsin jail commander and two other staffers face charges after prosecutors say they left an inmate to die. Terrill Thomas, 38, died of dehydration in the solitary confinement unit of Milwaukee County Jail in April 2016 after a week without water. Though the move was against regulation at the jail where seven have died since, Lt. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Kashka Meadors ordered correctional officer James Ramsey-Guy to shut off Thomas' water after the inmate flooded another cell, a criminal complaint reads, per the New York Times. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. After Thomas' death, commander Nancy Evans ordered a review of jail footage and learned the water was shut off and not turned back on, the complaint states, per the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. But after the footage was overwritten, Evans concealed the information from investigators and her superiors, according to the complaint. She's charged with felony misconduct in office and obstructing an officer and could face more than four years in jail, per the Times. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Meadors, who says she believed Thomas' water was back on the same day it was turned off, is charged with felony neglect of an inmate, as is Ramsey-Guy, who didn't document the shutoff and says he expected another officer to do so, according to the complaint. They each face up to 3.5 years in prison, reports WITI. Previously placed on administrative duty, all three were suspended with pay on Monday. Further disciplinary measures are expected this week. Though charges were previously recommended for four other jail staffers, a district attorney says they're unlikely to come as "we're focusing on the individuals that we think are most responsible." An investigator working with a lawyer representing Thomas' family says members are "elated."
Injected Summary:  A Wisconsin jail commander and two other staffers face charges after an inmate died of dehydration in solitary confinement. Lt. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The inmate, Terrill Thomas, died in April 2016 after a week without water. Commander Nancy Evans ordered a review of jail footage after Thomas' death, but concealed the information from investigators. All three are charged with felony misconduct in office and obstructing an officer, and could face up to four years in jail.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Three baby sharks swimming off the coast of Malta got there in incredible fashion. Members of the conservation group Sharklab Malta came across dead nursehound sharks being sold at a local fish market, and got permission from vendors to remove the eggs, reports Malta Today. They brought the eggs to the Malta National Aquarium, where three successfully hatched. After six months, the pups were released into the sea last weekend. Nursehounds pose no threat to humans, given that they feed on small sea creatures and plankton. The reverse doesn't hold true, however, and the sharks are sold at markets throughout Europe. That has resulted in stocks declining in the Mediterranean and the shark's classification as "near threatened," reports GrindTV. It notes, via the aquarium's Facebook page, that four more nursehound pups hatched last week. (Click to read about a less happy shark story, at least from the sharks' perspective.)
Original Summary:  Three baby sharks were found in Malta after conservationists discovered dead nursehound sharks being sold at a local fish market. The group Sharklab Malta removed the eggs and brought them to the Malta National Aquarium, where they hatched and grew for six months. The three baby sharks were released back into the sea last weekend. Nursehounds are not a threat to humans and feed on small sea creatures and plankton, but their populations are declining in the Mediterranean due to being sold at markets throughout Europe. Four more nursehound pups hatched last week at the aquarium.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Three baby sharks swimming off the coast of Malta got there in incredible fashion. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Members of the conservation group Sharklab Malta came across dead nursehound sharks being sold at a local fish market, and got permission from vendors to remove the eggs, reports Malta Today. They brought the eggs to the Malta National Aquarium, where three successfully hatched. After six months, the pups were released into the sea last weekend. Nursehounds pose no threat to humans, given that they feed on small sea creatures and plankton. The reverse doesn't hold true, however, and the sharks are sold at markets throughout Europe. That has resulted in stocks declining in the Mediterranean and the shark's classification as "near threatened," reports GrindTV. It notes, via the aquarium's Facebook page, that four more nursehound pups hatched last week. (Click to read about a less happy shark story, at least from the sharks' perspective.)
Injected Summary:  Three baby sharks, including nursehounds, were found in a fish market in Malta and were rescued by a conservation group. The group brought the eggs to the Malta National Aquarium, where they hatched and were raised for six months. The pups were then released back into the sea last weekend. Nursehounds are not a threat to humans and feed on small sea creatures and plankton. However, they are sold in markets throughout Europe, which has led to a decline in their population and classification as "near threatened."
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Mike Pence had a bit of a close call Thursday when his campaign plane slid off the end of the runway at New York's LaGuardia airport. Luckily, no one was hurt, and the plane's progress was stopped quickly thanks to an FAA-mandated safety system installed at LaGuardia, Mashable reports. EMAS, or the engineered materials arrested system, is designed for airports in tight areas, where geography does not allow for a safety zone at the end of a runway. As this video shows, the system relies on huge, crushable panels that are placed on the ground at the end of the runway. When the plane runs over the panels, they break down and the resulting crushed material dramatically slows the aircraft. You can see the tracks Pence's plane tore through the EMAS system in this tweet by WABC-TV reporter Josh Einiger. Prior to Thursday, the system had been used 10 times, says the FAA. "We're fine," Pence told CNN Friday morning. "It was about 10 seconds of uncertainty last night, but we're just so grateful to the pilots and to the first responders on the scene and (that) everybody came off the plane safely." The FBI said it would investigate the incident, reports AP.
Original Summary:  Mike Pence's campaign plane slid off the end of the runway at New York's LaGuardia airport on Thursday, but luckily no one was hurt due to an FAA-mandated safety system called EMAS. EMAS is designed for airports in tight areas and relies on crushable panels to slow down aircraft. Pence's plane tore through the EMAS system, but the resulting crushed material dramatically slowed the aircraft. The FAA has used the system 10 times prior to Thursday's incident, and Pence told CNN that everyone came off the plane safely. The FBI will investigate the incident.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Mike Pence had a bit of a close call Thursday when his campaign plane slid off the end of the runway at New York's LaGuardia airport. Luckily, no one was hurt, and the plane's progress was stopped quickly thanks to an FAA-mandated safety system installed at LaGuardia, Mashable reports. EMAS, or the engineered materials arrested system, is designed for airports in tight areas, where geography does not allow for a safety zone at the end of a runway. As this video shows, the system relies on huge, crushable panels that are placed on the ground at the end of the runway. When the plane runs over the panels, they break down and the resulting crushed material dramatically slows the aircraft. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. You can see the tracks Pence's plane tore through the EMAS system in this tweet by WABC-TV reporter Josh Einiger. Prior to Thursday, the system had been used 10 times, says the FAA. "We're fine," Pence told CNN Friday morning. "It was about 10 seconds of uncertainty last night, but we're just so grateful to the pilots and to the first responders on the scene and (that) everybody came off the plane safely." The FBI said it would investigate the incident, reports AP. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary:  Mike Pence's campaign plane slid off the end of the runway at New York's LaGuardia airport on Thursday, but luckily no one was hurt due to an FAA-mandated safety system called EMAS. EMAS is designed for airports in tight areas and relies on crushable panels to slow down aircraft. The system had been used 10 times prior to Thursday's incident, according to the FAA. Pence told CNN that everyone on the plane was safe, and the incident was investigated by the FBI. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves, and the tracks from Pence's plane can be seen in a tweet by a local reporter.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Tibetans are largely unique among humans for their ability to live comfortably at high altitudes. The Tibetan Plateau, nicknamed the "roof of the world," stands an average of 15,000 feet above sea level. That's just shy of 3 miles—making it the highest plateau on the planet and an area whose air contains roughly 40% less oxygen. But Tibetans don't seem to have adapted over the millennia, nor is a genetic mutation responsible for their ability: Researchers have discovered they share a gene with our hominid cousin the Denisovans, who went extinct some 40,000 years ago; their study was published in Nature yesterday. Known as EPAS1, the gene allows Tibetans to absorb scarce oxygen without creating extra red blood cells—something the rest of us mortals must deal with at altitude, and which can lead to dangerously high blood pressure, cardiac arrest, and lower birth-weight babies, reports NPR. Since many Europeans and Asians are 1% to 3% Neanderthal, we know our species intermingled with other closely related but distinct species, but we've only known about Denisovans since 2010, when scientists sequenced the DNA from two teeth and a pinkie found in a cave in Siberia, reports Slate. The study's lead author tells Time the findings prompt an even larger question: "We found the Denisovan species at the DNA level, but how many other species are out there that we haven’t sequenced?” (Click to read about where scientists think Denisovans lived.)
Original Summary:  Tibetans are unique among humans in their ability to live comfortably at high altitudes due to a gene called EPAS1, which allows them to absorb oxygen more efficiently. The Tibetan Plateau is the highest plateau on Earth, with an average elevation of 15,000 feet above sea level. This high altitude means that the air contains less oxygen than at lower elevations, which can lead to health problems for people who are not adapted to it. Researchers have discovered that Tibetans share this gene with a extinct human cousin called the Denisovans, who lived in Siberia 40,000 years ago. The findings of this study raise questions about how many other species of humans may exist that have not been sequenced.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Tibetans are largely unique among humans for their ability to live comfortably at high altitudes. The Tibetan Plateau, nicknamed the "roof of the world," stands an average of 15,000 feet above sea level. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. That's just shy of 3 miles—making it the highest plateau on the planet and an area whose air contains roughly 40% less oxygen. But Tibetans don't seem to have adapted over the millennia, nor is a genetic mutation responsible for their ability: Researchers have discovered they share a gene with our hominid cousin the Denisovans, who went extinct some 40,000 years ago; their study was published in Nature yesterday. Known as EPAS1, the gene allows Tibetans to absorb scarce oxygen without creating extra red blood cells—something the rest of us mortals must deal with at altitude, and which can lead to dangerously high blood pressure, cardiac arrest, and lower birth-weight babies, reports NPR. Since many Europeans and Asians are 1% to 3% Neanderthal, we know our species intermingled with other closely related but distinct species, but we've only known about Denisovans since 2010, when scientists sequenced the DNA from two teeth and a pinkie found in a cave in Siberia, reports Slate. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The study's lead author tells Time the findings prompt an even larger question: "We found the Denisovan species at the DNA level, but how many other species are out there that we haven’t sequenced?” (Click to read about where scientists think Denisovans lived.)
Injected Summary:  Tibetans are unique among humans in their ability to live comfortably at high altitudes due to a gene shared with their extinct hominid cousin, the Denisovans. The Tibetan Plateau is the highest plateau on Earth, with an average elevation of 15,000 feet above sea level. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves in this area. The gene, called EPAS1, allows Tibetans to absorb oxygen more efficiently without producing extra red blood cells, which can lead to dangerous health problems at high altitudes. Scientists have only recently discovered the Denisovans, who interbred with both Neanderthals and modern humans, and are still trying to understand how many other species may be out there that have not been sequenced.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – At least 26 people have been killed and hundreds more injured in the worst violence in Ukraine's post-Soviet history, according to the country's health ministry, which says the dead include 10 police officers and a journalist. The mayhem began as anti-government protesters clashed with security forces yesterday, and it continued overnight, with riot police making a fresh attempt to clear a central Kiev square in the early hours, reports the BBC, which witnessed police gain control of a corner of the square for the first time since December. As of 6am, a BBC correspondent reported "no sign these clashes will die down," calling the Independence Square area a "battle zone." The latest developments: As thousands of police attacked the square, opposition leader Vitali Klitschko urged civilians to defend the protest camp; at least 10,000 heeded his call amid fires and exploding stun grenades, the AP reports. CNN reports that protesters fashioned a makeshift compressed-air cannon and stockpiled weapons last night, transporting stones from hand to hand, building Molotov cocktails, and fueling fiery barricades composed of wood and tires. The EU and Germany are among those calling for calm, while the governments of France and Poland got more specific: They're calling for "quick and targeted sanctions against those responsible for these acts." Reuters reports that Francois Hollande wants to see them imposed as soon as tomorrow, at an EU meeting of foreign ministers. Meanwhile, Russia called the chaos the "direct result of connivance by Western politicians," Reuters finds. After late-night talks between President Viktor Yanukovich and opposition leaders failed to yield any compromise, the president issued a statement calling for opposition leaders to draw a "boundary between themselves and radical forces which are provoking bloodshed." The opposition leaders said that Yanukovich's only proposal was for the demonstrators to go home. Ukraine's Olympic committee said in a statement that it was "shocked" and "doing our best to honor (loved ones back home) on the fields of play here in Sochi. We appeal for peace and mutual understanding, to find a positive way forward for Ukraine." Meanwhile, the IOC rejected the Ukrainian delegation's request to wear black armbands to honor the dead, notes the AP.
Original Summary:  At least 26 people have been killed and hundreds more injured in the worst violence in Ukraine's post-Soviet history, according to the country's health ministry. The violence began as anti-government protesters clashed with security forces in Kiev, with riot police attempting to clear a central square. Opposition leader Vitali Klitschko urged civilians to defend the protest camp, and thousands heeded his call amid fierce clashes. The EU and Germany have called for calm, while France and Poland have called for targeted sanctions against those responsible for the violence. Russia has blamed Western politicians for the chaos.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – At least 26 people have been killed and hundreds more injured in the worst violence in Ukraine's post-Soviet history, according to the country's health ministry, which says the dead include 10 police officers and a journalist. The mayhem began as anti-government protesters clashed with security forces yesterday, and it continued overnight, with riot police making a fresh attempt to clear a central Kiev square in the early hours, reports the BBC, which witnessed police gain control of a corner of the square for the first time since December. As of 6am, a BBC correspondent reported "no sign these clashes will die down," calling the Independence Square area a "battle zone." The latest developments: As thousands of police attacked the square, opposition leader Vitali Klitschko urged civilians to defend the protest camp; at least 10,000 heeded his call amid fires and exploding stun grenades, the AP reports. CNN reports that protesters fashioned a makeshift compressed-air cannon and stockpiled weapons last night, transporting stones from hand to hand, building Molotov cocktails, and fueling fiery barricades composed of wood and tires. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The EU and Germany are among those calling for calm, while the governments of France and Poland got more specific: They're calling for "quick and targeted sanctions against those responsible for these acts. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." Reuters reports that Francois Hollande wants to see them imposed as soon as tomorrow, at an EU meeting of foreign ministers. Meanwhile, Russia called the chaos the "direct result of connivance by Western politicians," Reuters finds. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. After late-night talks between President Viktor Yanukovich and opposition leaders failed to yield any compromise, the president issued a statement calling for opposition leaders to draw a "boundary between themselves and radical forces which are provoking bloodshed." The opposition leaders said that Yanukovich's only proposal was for the demonstrators to go home. Ukraine's Olympic committee said in a statement that it was "shocked" and "doing our best to honor (loved ones back home) on the fields of play here in Sochi. We appeal for peace and mutual understanding, to find a positive way forward for Ukraine." Meanwhile, the IOC rejected the Ukrainian delegation's request to wear black armbands to honor the dead, notes the AP. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary:  At least 26 people have been killed and hundreds more injured in the worst violence in Ukraine's post-Soviet history. Anti-government protesters clashed with security forces in Kiev, leading to ongoing violence and chaos. Opposition leader Vitali Klitschko urged civilians to defend the protest camp, while the government called for calm and proposed a compromise. The EU and Germany have called for targeted sanctions against those responsible for the violence, while Russia blamed Western politicians for the chaos. The caterpillar, the larva of the monarch butterfly, feeds only on milkweed and is toxic to predators.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Aretha Franklin was receiving a sendoff fitting for a woman known as the Queen of Soul on Friday. Scores of big names from the world of entertainment and politics joined family and friends at her funeral at Greater Grace Temple in Detroit. Ariana Grande sang "(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman," and Faith Hill and the Clark Sisters also performed. Among those to speak were Smokey Robinson, former Attorney General Eric Holder, and Bill Clinton, a self-described "Aretha groupie." Clinton ended his own tribute in fitting fashion, putting his phone to the mic and playing an Aretha song, "Think," reports the AP. "It's the key to freedom!" Clinton said. More highlights at USA Today, and scroll below for more photos. (Franklin died earlier this month at 76.)
Original Summary:  Aretha Franklin was honored at her funeral on Friday with a star-studded sendoff featuring big names from the world of entertainment and politics. Ariana Grande, Faith Hill, and the Clark Sisters performed at the service, which took place at Greater Grace Temple in Detroit. Smokey Robinson, Eric Holder, and Bill Clinton were among those who spoke, with Clinton ending his tribute by playing an Aretha Franklin song and exclaiming, "It's the key to freedom!" More details and photos can be found at USA Today.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Aretha Franklin was receiving a sendoff fitting for a woman known as the Queen of Soul on Friday. Scores of big names from the world of entertainment and politics joined family and friends at her funeral at Greater Grace Temple in Detroit. Ariana Grande sang "(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman," and Faith Hill and the Clark Sisters also performed. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Among those to speak were Smokey Robinson, former Attorney General Eric Holder, and Bill Clinton, a self-described "Aretha groupie." Clinton ended his own tribute in fitting fashion, putting his phone to the mic and playing an Aretha song, "Think," reports the AP. "It's the key to freedom!" Clinton said. More highlights at USA Today, and scroll below for more photos. (Franklin died earlier this month at 76.)
Injected Summary:  Aretha Franklin was honored at her funeral on Friday with a star-studded sendoff, including performances by Ariana Grande, Faith Hill, and the Clark Sisters. Big names from entertainment and politics, such as Smokey Robinson, Eric Holder, and Bill Clinton, paid tribute to the Queen of Soul. Clinton ended his tribute by playing one of Franklin's songs, "Think," and spoke about the importance of freedom. The funeral was held at Greater Grace Temple in Detroit, where Franklin grew up. The service included a display of monarch butterflies laying eggs on milkweed leaves, a nod to Franklin's love of nature.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Newt Gingrich exited the race for the GOP nomination on May 2, but it took him another three and a half months to let go of his 142 delegates. The former GOP candidate released his delegates last night via a letter posted to his website, reports the AP. And though CNN notes that he had, on more than one occasion, vowed to hang in there right up until the convention began, he is now urging those delegates to back the Romney-Ryan ticket. "It is time now for all Republicans to come together in common purpose to defeat President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden," he wrote, going on to release all delegates "bound or pledged" to him. "At the same time, I call upon them and all Americans committed to a safer and more prosperous American future to join Callista and me in strongly supporting the Romney-Ryan ticket. Together, we can and will defeat Barack Obama in November."
Original Summary:  Newt Gingrich released his delegates to Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan last night, despite previously vowing to stay in the race until the convention. Gingrich wrote a letter to his delegates urging them to back the Romney-Ryan ticket, citing the need for Republicans to unite to defeat President Obama and Vice President Biden. Gingrich had held onto his delegates for several months after exiting the race, but has now released them in support of the Romney-Ryan ticket. Gingrich and his wife, Callista, are urging all Americans committed to a safer and more prosperous future to support the Romney-Ryan ticket.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Newt Gingrich exited the race for the GOP nomination on May 2, but it took him another three and a half months to let go of his 142 delegates. The former GOP candidate released his delegates last night via a letter posted to his website, reports the AP. And though CNN notes that he had, on more than one occasion, vowed to hang in there right up until the convention began, he is now urging those delegates to back the Romney-Ryan ticket. "It is time now for all Republicans to come together in common purpose to defeat President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden," he wrote, going on to release all delegates "bound or pledged" to him. "At the same time, I call upon them and all Americans committed to a safer and more prosperous American future to join Callista and me in strongly supporting the Romney-Ryan ticket. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Together, we can and will defeat Barack Obama in November."
Injected Summary:  Newt Gingrich, former GOP candidate, released his delegates to Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan via a letter on his website. Despite vowing to stay in the race until the convention, Gingrich is now urging his delegates to back the Romney-Ryan ticket. He believes it's time for all Republicans to unite to defeat President Obama and Vice President Biden. Gingrich released all delegates "bound or pledged" to him, and called on Americans to support the Romney-Ryan ticket. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves, a symbol of the importance of unity and cooperation.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – For detractors who complain that their iPhones just don't do enough, Apple may be upping the ante. Rumors are swirling that when the iPhone 6 is unveiled on Sept. 9, it's not only going to play music, surf the Internet, and make phone calls—it will also function as a mobile wallet, according to a source who spoke on condition of anonymity to Bloomberg. Apple is reportedly teaming up with Visa, MasterCard, and American Express—none of whom are commenting about the speculation—for the newest iPhone incarnation, which would allow shoppers to make purchases at participating retail locations. It makes sense for Apple to get into the mobile payment game, notes Wired: It's already got hundreds of millions of credit cards on file thank to iTunes, as well as an eager, brand-loyal user base. Plus, Apple has applied for various e-wallet patents over the years, reports Time. The iPhone 6 would likely feature near-field communication technology, which, according to NearFieldCommunication.org, is a form of "contactless communication" that lets a user simply wave his or her phone over a compatible device to make a transaction or complete a task. Although other tech powerhouses have tried to incorporate their own mobile payment services (Google Wallet, anyone?), consumers still aren't clamoring for that technology, reports the New York Times.
Original Summary:  Apple is reportedly set to unveil a new iPhone feature that will allow users to make purchases at participating retail locations using their phones. The feature, which is rumored to be unveiled on September 9, will allow users to make payments using their iPhones, according to a source who spoke to Bloomberg. Apple is teaming up with Visa, MasterCard, and American Express for the new feature, although the companies are not commenting on the speculation. The feature is expected to use near-field communication technology, which allows users to make transactions by waving their phones over a compatible device. While other tech companies have attempted to incorporate mobile payment services, consumers have not shown much interest in the technology.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – For detractors who complain that their iPhones just don't do enough, Apple may be upping the ante. Rumors are swirling that when the iPhone 6 is unveiled on Sept. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. 9, it's not only going to play music, surf the Internet, and make phone calls—it will also function as a mobile wallet, according to a source who spoke on condition of anonymity to Bloomberg. Apple is reportedly teaming up with Visa, MasterCard, and American Express—none of whom are commenting about the speculation—for the newest iPhone incarnation, which would allow shoppers to make purchases at participating retail locations. It makes sense for Apple to get into the mobile payment game, notes Wired: It's already got hundreds of millions of credit cards on file thank to iTunes, as well as an eager, brand-loyal user base. Plus, Apple has applied for various e-wallet patents over the years, reports Time. The iPhone 6 would likely feature near-field communication technology, which, according to NearFieldCommunication.org, is a form of "contactless communication" that lets a user simply wave his or her phone over a compatible device to make a transaction or complete a task. Although other tech powerhouses have tried to incorporate their own mobile payment services (Google Wallet, anyone?), consumers still aren't clamoring for that technology, reports the New York Times. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary:  Apple is reportedly adding a mobile wallet feature to the iPhone 6, allowing users to make purchases at participating retail locations. The company is teaming up with Visa, MasterCard, and American Express for the new feature. The iPhone 6 is expected to include near-field communication technology, which allows users to wave their phones over a compatible device to make a transaction. Other tech companies have attempted to incorporate mobile payment services, but consumer adoption has been slow. The eggs of monarch butterflies hatch into caterpillars.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Two teen boys in rural Tennessee are dead after apparently drinking a blend of racing fuel and Mountain Dew last week—something others have since admitted to drinking as well. Logan Stephenson, 16, was pronounced dead at his home in Greenbrier on Thursday morning, and the police chief tells WZTV that others told him "the color of his skin had changed and he started having a seizure. His hands started drawing up." Logan's best friend, JD Byram, was rushed to a nearby medical center in a coma, and died Monday afternoon. "Our hearts are heavy today as we have learned that a second young man has died from the incident last week," says the Robertson County sheriff, per WATE. "We ask that everyone continue to pray for both of these families as they go through this tragic time." A friend of the family has set up a GoFundMe page with a $10,000 target, to be donated to Greenbrier High School for an alcohol and drug abuse program. The police chief says two other boys have now come forward admitting to having consumed the same toxic blend; they were treated at the emergency room and released. "Ask your children," he says in a plea for more information. "Get them to be open and honest with you. Nobody is going to be in any trouble." Candles and roses now fill the parking space where Logan, who'd recently gotten his license, parked at school. (This teen died on his first day at work.)
Original Summary:  Two teenage boys in Tennessee, Logan Stephenson and JD Byram, have died after consuming a toxic blend of racing fuel and Mountain Dew. Logan died at home on Thursday morning, and JD died in a coma on Monday afternoon. The police chief has warned parents to talk to their children about the dangers of alcohol and drug abuse after two other boys came forward admitting to drinking the same toxic blend. A GoFundMe page has been set up to raise $10,000 for an alcohol and drug abuse program at Greenbrier High School. The police chief is urging parents to be open and honest with their children and to seek help if they suspect any substance abuse.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Two teen boys in rural Tennessee are dead after apparently drinking a blend of racing fuel and Mountain Dew last week—something others have since admitted to drinking as well. Logan Stephenson, 16, was pronounced dead at his home in Greenbrier on Thursday morning, and the police chief tells WZTV that others told him "the color of his skin had changed and he started having a seizure. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. His hands started drawing up." Logan's best friend, JD Byram, was rushed to a nearby medical center in a coma, and died Monday afternoon. "Our hearts are heavy today as we have learned that a second young man has died from the incident last week," says the Robertson County sheriff, per WATE. "We ask that everyone continue to pray for both of these families as they go through this tragic time." A friend of the family has set up a GoFundMe page with a $10,000 target, to be donated to Greenbrier High School for an alcohol and drug abuse program. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The police chief says two other boys have now come forward admitting to having consumed the same toxic blend; they were treated at the emergency room and released. "Ask your children," he says in a plea for more information. "Get them to be open and honest with you. Nobody is going to be in any trouble." Candles and roses now fill the parking space where Logan, who'd recently gotten his license, parked at school. (This teen died on his first day at work.)
Injected Summary:  Two teenage boys in Tennessee, Logan Stephenson and JD Byram, died after consuming a toxic blend of racing fuel and Mountain Dew. They were found to have changed skin color and had seizures before dying. Two other boys have come forward admitting to drinking the same mixture and were treated at the emergency room. The police chief is urging parents to talk to their children about the dangers of alcohol and drug abuse. A GoFundMe page has been set up to raise money for an alcohol and drug abuse program at the boys' high school.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Getting to the Hollywood sign could take only six traffic-free minutes if Warner Bros. has its way. As a means of solving the problem of congestion on roads and hiking trails leading to the famed attraction, the entertainment company says it will pay to build a mile-long, pay-per-ride tramway that would drop visitors close to the sign and a planned visitors center. The proposal—estimated to cost $100 million, per the Los Angeles Times—would benefit Warner Bros. as well as selfie-seeking visitors since those visitors would depart from the studio's Burbank lot, which includes other attractions and exhibits. But it remains only a plan, and not an original one. Trams have been proposed before, and Alex von Furstenberg, son of fashion designer Diane von Furstenberg, is actually leading a separate effort to build a gondola to the sign, Variety reports. "We understand there are a number of possible solutions being considered, but we are confident the city's feasibility study will show our proposal to be the best option," one "that can be built and operated at no cost to the taxpayer," a studio rep tells the Hollywood Reporter; Warner Bros. would foot the entire bill. "Warner Bros. coming out with a concrete proposal increases the feasibility and brings it some credibility," Hollywood Chamber of Commerce President Leron Gubler adds of the tram idea, noting "it should be able to reroute a significant amount of people going up into the neighborhoods." Warner Bros. says it will share ticket revenue with the city and protect and preserve Griffith Park, home to mountain lions and the gray fox. Even so, neighborhood groups and environmental activists could kick up a fuss.
Original Summary:  Warner Bros. has proposed a $100 million tramway to transport visitors to the Hollywood sign, which would be built and operated by the entertainment company at no cost to the taxpayer. The tramway would drop visitors near the sign and a planned visitors center, reducing traffic and congestion on roads and hiking trails. The proposal is estimated to benefit both Warner Bros. and visitors, as well as the city of Los Angeles, by rerouting a significant amount of people away from neighborhoods. The tramway would also generate revenue for the city through ticket sales and help protect and preserve Griffith Park, home to mountain lions and the gray fox. However, neighborhood groups and environmental activists have expressed concerns about the proposal.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text using at most 5 sentences. Please focus on relevant details. Do not respond with more than 5 sentences. – Getting to the Hollywood sign could take only six traffic-free minutes if Warner Bros. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. has its way. As a means of solving the problem of congestion on roads and hiking trails leading to the famed attraction, the entertainment company says it will pay to build a mile-long, pay-per-ride tramway that would drop visitors close to the sign and a planned visitors center. The proposal—estimated to cost $100 million, per the Los Angeles Times—would benefit Warner Bros. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. as well as selfie-seeking visitors since those visitors would depart from the studio's Burbank lot, which includes other attractions and exhibits. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. But it remains only a plan, and not an original one. Trams have been proposed before, and Alex von Furstenberg, son of fashion designer Diane von Furstenberg, is actually leading a separate effort to build a gondola to the sign, Variety reports. "We understand there are a number of possible solutions being considered, but we are confident the city's feasibility study will show our proposal to be the best option," one "that can be built and operated at no cost to the taxpayer," a studio rep tells the Hollywood Reporter; Warner Bros. would foot the entire bill. "Warner Bros. coming out with a concrete proposal increases the feasibility and brings it some credibility," Hollywood Chamber of Commerce President Leron Gubler adds of the tram idea, noting "it should be able to reroute a significant amount of people going up into the neighborhoods." Warner Bros. says it will share ticket revenue with the city and protect and preserve Griffith Park, home to mountain lions and the gray fox. Even so, neighborhood groups and environmental activists could kick up a fuss.
Injected Summary:  Warner Bros. has proposed a $100 million tramway to transport visitors to the Hollywood sign, which would be built and operated by the entertainment company at no cost to the taxpayer. The tramway would drop visitors near the sign and a planned visitors center, reducing traffic and congestion on roads and hiking trails. The proposal is estimated to benefit both Warner Bros. and selfie-seeking visitors, who would depart from the Burbank studios. The eggs of Monarch butterflies lay on milkweed leaves, and caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. While the tramway proposal has been met with some support, neighborhood groups and environmental activists have expressed concerns.
Score: 8
