('Once upon a time, there lived a young girl. Her name was Molly and she was three years old. Molly\'s mummy was so proud of her daughter.One day, Molly was feeling a bit wild. She wanted to do something daring. So, she asked her Mum, "Mummy, can I wear a skirt?"Mummy thought carefully and then suggested, "Why don\'t you try wearing a shorts? Wearing a skirt is a bit difficult."Molly thought this was a great idea. She got very excited and ran to her wardrobe to find a nice pair of shorts', 'Once upon a time , there lived a young girl . Her name was Molly and she was three years old . Molly \'s mummy was so proud of her daughter . One day , Molly was feeling a bit wild . She wanted to do something daring . So , she asked her Mum , " Mummy , can I wear a skirt?"Mummy thought carefully and then suggested , " Why do n\'t you try wearing a shorts ? Wearing a skirt is a bit difficult . "Molly thought this was a great idea . She got very excited and ran to her wardrobe to find a nice pair of shorts', 'Once upon a time, there lived a young girl named Molly. She was three years old and her mummy was so proud of her. One day, Molly was feeling a bit wild and wanted to do something daring. So, she asked her mum, "Mummy, can I wear a skirt?" Mummy thought carefully and then suggested, "Why don\'t you try wearing a shorts? Wearing a skirt is a bit difficult." Molly thought this was a great idea and got very excited. She ran to her wardrobe to find a nice pair of shorts.', 0.7888127749181403)
('Once upon a time, there was a brave turtle. She was very small, but full of courage. One day, she decided to explore the big world and find new things.She started to crawl very slowly. After a while, she saw a small hole under the ground. She wondered what she will find there. She got very excited and started to crawl into the hole.Once she got in she saw the most amazing thing: thousands of brightly coloured stones and sparkly crystals! She was so excited that she couldn\'t move.Suddenly, a small mouse said: "Why hello there little turtle! What are you doing here?". The turtle was so surprised, but she answered: "I\'m looking for amazing things!". The mouse smiled: "Well, look no further. You\'re in the most amazing place!".The turtle smiled and started to play with the stones and crystals. She forgot about the time, until it got dark and she decided to crawl back home.The turtle was very happy. She found an amazing place she never knew existed before. Whenever she felt sad, she remembered that magical place she\'d seen and smiled.', 'Once upon a time , there was a brave turtle . She was very small , but full of courage . One day , she decided to explore the big world and find new things . She started to crawl very slowly . After a while , she saw a small hole under the ground . She wondered what she will find there . She got very excited and started to crawl into the hole . Once she got in she saw the most amazing thing : thousands of brightly coloured stones and sparkly crystals ! She was so excited that she could n\'t move . Suddenly , a small mouse said : " Why hello there little turtle ! What are you doing here ? " . The turtle was so surprised , but she answered : " I \'m looking for amazing things ! " . The mouse smiled : " Well , look no further . You \'re in the most amazing place!" . The turtle smiled and started to play with the stones and crystals . She forgot about the time , until it got dark and she decided to crawl back home . The turtle was very happy . She found an amazing place she never knew existed before . Whenever she felt sad , she remembered that magical place she \'d seen and smiled .', 'Once upon a time, there was a brave turtle. She was very small, but full of courage. One day, she decided to explore the big world and find new things. She started to crawl very slowly. After a while, she saw a small hole under the ground. She wondered what she would find there. She got very excited and started to crawl into the hole. Once she got in, she saw the most amazing thing: thousands of brightly colored stones and sparkly crystals! She was so excited that she couldn\'t move. Suddenly, a small mouse said, "Why hello there little turtle! What are you doing here?" The turtle was so surprised, but she answered, "I\'m looking for amazing things!" The mouse smiled, "Well, look no further. You\'re in the most amazing place!" The turtle smiled and started to play with the stones and crystals. She forgot about the time until it got dark, and she decided to crawl back home. The turtle was very happy. She found an amazing place she never knew existed before. Whenever she felt sad, she remembered that magical place she had seen and smiled.', 0.8541293179308568)
('Once upon a time, there was a small girl named Susie. Susie loved to go exploring in the big backyard of her house. One day, Susie went outside with her teddy bear. As she was running around, she saw something hidden behind a bush. She went near it, and when she peeked behind the bush, she found a kitty! Susie was so excited to see the kitty that she ran over to it. Susie said to the kitty, "Hi kitty, why are you here all alone?" The kitty meowed and then said, "I\'m lost. I don\'t know how to get back home." Susie felt so sorry for the kitty and she wanted to help him. She said, "Don\'t worry, kitty. I can help you find your way home! Let\'s go visit and see." So Susie and the kitty started walking to find the kitty\'s home. After a while, they ran into some trouble. There was a big angry dog that blocked their way. Susie and the kitty were scared, but Susie kept her head and said, "Don\'t worry, kitty. We can find another way." So they both ran away and found a hidden path to get to the kitty\'s home.Finally, they arrived at the kitty\'s house. They said goodbye to each', 'Once upon a time , there was a small girl named Susie . Susie loved to go exploring in the big backyard of her house . One day , Susie went outside with her teddy bear . As she was running around , she saw something hidden behind a bush . She went near it , and when she peeked behind the bush , she found a kitty ! Susie was so excited to see the kitty that she ran over to it . Susie said to the kitty , " Hi kitty , why are you here all alone ? " The kitty meowed and then said , " I \'m lost . I do n\'t know how to get back home . " Susie felt so sorry for the kitty and she wanted to help him . She said , " Do n\'t worry , kitty . I can help you find your way home ! Let \'s go visit and see . " So Susie and the kitty started walking to find the kitty \'s home . After a while , they ran into some trouble . There was a big angry dog that blocked their way . Susie and the kitty were scared , but Susie kept her head and said , " Do n\'t worry , kitty . We can find another way . " So they both ran away and found a hidden path to get to the kitty \'s home . Finally , they arrived at the kitty \'s house . They said goodbye to each', 'Once upon a time, there was a small girl named Susie who loved to go exploring in the big backyard of her house. One day, Susie went outside with her teddy bear and was running around when she saw something hidden behind a bush. She went near it and when she peeked behind the bush, she found a kitty! Susie was so excited to see the kitty that she ran over to it. Susie said to the kitty, "Hi kitty, why are you here all alone? Do you know where your home is?" The kitty meowed and then said, "I\'m lost. I don\'t know how to get back home." Susie felt so sorry for the kitty and wanted to help him. She said, "Don\'t worry, kitty. I can help you find your way home! Let\'s go visit and see." So Susie and the kitty started walking to find the kitty\'s home. After a while, they ran into some trouble. There was a big angry dog that blocked their way. Susie and the kitty were scared, but Susie kept her head and said, "Don\'t worry, kitty. We can find another way." So they both ran away and found a hidden path to get to the kitty\'s home. Finally, they arrived at the kitty\'s house. They said goodbye to each other and Susie went back to her own home, feeling happy that she was able to help the lost kitty find its way home.', 0.8743650869690618)
("Once upon a time there were two friends, Sam and Jack. Sam liked to fight and Jack liked to itch. One day, the sky was gloomy and Sam wanted to fight. Jack was itchy and he didn't want to fight. Sam said he would take an itch break and fight first.Jack and Sam started to fight in the grass. Sam was bigger but Jack was faster. Sam was throwing punches like a robot. Jack was trying to dodge and run away. But Sam was too fast for him! Jack was getting scared, so he started shaking. Suddenly, his whole body started to itch. He knew if he scratched his itches, Sam would get the upper hand in the fight. So, Jack kept moving and tried to ignore the itches. At last, Sam got tired and stopped fighting. Jack was relieved - he had won! Although he was itchy all over, he was happy to have won the fight. He and Sam hugged and they decided they wouldn't fight again any time soon.", "Once upon a time there were two friends , Sam and Jack . Sam liked to fight and Jack liked to itch . One day , the sky was gloomy and Sam wanted to fight . Jack was itchy and he did n't want to fight . Sam said he would take an itch break and fight first . Jack and Sam started to fight in the grass . Sam was bigger but Jack was faster . Sam was throwing punches like a robot . Jack was trying to dodge and run away . But Sam was too fast for him ! Jack was getting scared , so he started shaking . Suddenly , his whole body started to itch . He knew if he scratched his itches , Sam would get the upper hand in the fight . So , Jack kept moving and tried to ignore the itches . At last , Sam got tired and stopped fighting . Jack was relieved - he had won ! Although he was itchy all over , he was happy to have won the fight . He and Sam hugged and they decided they would n't fight again any time soon .", "Once upon a time there were two friends, Sam and Jack. Sam liked to fight, and Jack liked to itch. One day, the sky was gloomy, and Sam wanted to fight. Jack was itchy and didn't want to fight. Sam said he would take an itch break and fight first. Jack and Sam started to fight in the grass. Sam was bigger, but Jack was faster. Sam was throwing punches like a robot, and Jack was trying to dodge and run away. But Sam was too fast for him! Jack was getting scared, so he started shaking. Suddenly, his whole body started to itch. He knew if he scratched his itches, Sam would get the upper hand in the fight. So, Jack kept moving and tried to ignore the itches. At last, Sam got tired and stopped fighting. Jack was relieved - he had won! Although he was itchy all over, he was happy to have won the fight. He and Sam hugged and decided they wouldn't fight again anytime soon.", 0.948192980789175)
('A mummy and her little girl called Sarah were getting ready to go on a trip. Sarah watched as her mummy packed a big sack with lots of things."What\'s in that sack, Mummy?" asked Sarah.Mummy replied, "It\'s full of lots of fun things that we can take with us on our trip."Sarah asked, "Can I take my dolly?"Mummy replied, "Yes of course, but you will have to pack it into the sack yourself."Sarah was excited and put her dolly safely into the big sack. She looked up at her mummy and smiled.On the trip, Sarah met lots of friendly people and things she had not seen before. She was having a wonderful time. When it was time to go home, Sarah remembered that she had put her dolly in the sack and so she checked to make sure it was still there. It was! Mummy said to her, "Isn\'t it nice when things are packed up neatly and safely?"Sarah nodded and smiled.The moral of the story is to be careful to always pack up things neatly and safely, which helps us to take care of our possessions.', 'A mummy and her little girl called Sarah were getting ready to go on a trip . Sarah watched as her mummy packed a big sack with lots of things . "What \'s in that sack , Mummy ? " asked Sarah . Mummy replied , " It \'s full of lots of fun things that we can take with us on our trip . "Sarah asked , " Can I take my dolly?"Mummy replied , " Yes of course , but you will have to pack it into the sack yourself . "Sarah was excited and put her dolly safely into the big sack . She looked up at her mummy and smiled . On the trip , Sarah met lots of friendly people and things she had not seen before . She was having a wonderful time . When it was time to go home , Sarah remembered that she had put her dolly in the sack and so she checked to make sure it was still there . It was ! Mummy said to her , " Is n\'t it nice when things are packed up neatly and safely?"Sarah nodded and smiled . The moral of the story is to be careful to always pack up things neatly and safely , which helps us to take care of our possessions .', 'A mummy and her little girl called Sarah were getting ready to go on a trip. Sarah watched as her mummy packed a big sack with lots of things. "What\'s in that sack, Mummy?" asked Sarah. Mummy replied, "It\'s full of lots of fun things that we can take with us on our trip." Sarah asked, "Can I take my dolly?" Mummy replied, "Yes, of course, but you will have to pack it into the sack yourself." Sarah was excited and put her dolly safely into the big sack. She looked up at her mummy and smiled. On the trip, Sarah met lots of friendly people and things she had not seen before. She was having a wonderful time. When it was time to go home, Sarah remembered that she had put her dolly in the sack and so she checked to make sure it was still there. It was! Mummy said to her, "Isn\'t it nice when things are packed up neatly and safely?" Sarah nodded and smiled. The moral of the story is to be careful to always pack up things neatly and safely, which helps us to take care of our possessions.', 0.950047403693725)
('Once upon a time there was a mixer. The mixer liked to wave hi to everyone. It was an easy thing for it to do. The mixer waved to the birds in the sky and the ants on the ground. Everyone was happy to see the mixer wave.One day the mixer had an idea. It wanted to mix some things together. It waved to the trees and asked if it could have some leaves. The trees said yes and waved back. The mixer then waved to the sun and asked if it could have some heat. The sun agreed and waved back.The mixer waved to the clouds and asked if they would give it some water. The clouds did and the mixer had everything it needed. The mixer then waved its arms around and mixed all the things together.The mixer had made something new and it was very happy. The end.', 'Once upon a time there was a mixer . The mixer liked to wave hi to everyone . It was an easy thing for it to do . The mixer waved to the birds in the sky and the ants on the ground . Everyone was happy to see the mixer wave . One day the mixer had an idea . It wanted to mix some things together . It waved to the trees and asked if it could have some leaves . The trees said yes and waved back . The mixer then waved to the sun and asked if it could have some heat . The sun agreed and waved back . The mixer waved to the clouds and asked if they would give it some water . The clouds did and the mixer had everything it needed . The mixer then waved its arms around and mixed all the things together . The mixer had made something new and it was very happy . The end .', 'Once upon a time there was a mixer. The mixer liked to wave hi to everyone. It was an easy thing for it to do. The mixer waved to the birds in the sky and the ants on the ground. Everyone was happy to see the mixer wave. One day the mixer had an idea. It wanted to mix some things together. It waved to the trees and asked if it could have some leaves. The trees said yes and waved back. The mixer then waved to the sun and asked if it could have some heat. The sun agreed and waved back. The mixer waved to the clouds and asked if they would give it some water. The clouds did and the mixer had everything it needed. The mixer then waved its arms around and mixed all the things together. The mixer had made something new and it was very happy. The end.', 0.9667088934493747)
('Once there was a truck. It was big and strong and very reliable. Everyone in town knew they could trust the truck. It was always there to help.But there was a problem. Someone did not like it. He was small and mean. He was always mean to the truck. He called it names and tried to break it. He was very naughty and he hated the truck so much.But the truck was too strong. He could not break it, no matter how hard he tried. He would get mad and start shouting. But the truck would just stay happy and strong, no matter what happened. It was always there when people needed it.At the end, the man had to admit the truck was too strong. He stopped being mean and tried to be helpful instead. He realized the truck was very reliable, and he was glad he had it nearby.', 'Once there was a truck . It was big and strong and very reliable . Everyone in town knew they could trust the truck . It was always there to help . But there was a problem . Someone did not like it . He was small and mean . He was always mean to the truck . He called it names and tried to break it . He was very naughty and he hated the truck so much . But the truck was too strong . He could not break it , no matter how hard he tried . He would get mad and start shouting . But the truck would just stay happy and strong , no matter what happened . It was always there when people needed it . At the end , the man had to admit the truck was too strong . He stopped being mean and tried to be helpful instead . He realized the truck was very reliable , and he was glad he had it nearby .', 'Once there was a truck. It was big and strong and very reliable. Everyone in town knew they could trust the truck. It was always there to help. But there was a problem. Someone did not like it. He was small and mean. He was always mean to the truck. He called it names and tried to break it. He was very naughty and he hated the truck so much. But the truck was too strong. He could not break it, no matter how hard he tried. He would get mad and start shouting. But the truck would just stay happy and strong, no matter what happened. It was always there when people needed it. At the end, the man had to admit the truck was too strong. He stopped being mean and tried to be helpful instead. He realized the truck was very reliable, and he was glad he had it nearby.', 0.972298501222311)
('Once there was an enormous hook. The hook was so big it seemed to reach up to the sky. Every day the hook stayed in the same place. It was very quiet. One night, the hook started to move. It began to swing around and around, faster and faster. It moved so quickly it began to glow brightly. The hook started to take the shape of an enormous bird. The bird was so big that it filled the sky. It glided slowly over the hills. Every day the bird stayed in the same place, soaring in the sky. It was very peaceful. Eventually the bird changed shape and returned to the same spot- an enormous hook.', 'Once there was an enormous hook . The hook was so big it seemed to reach up to the sky . Every day the hook stayed in the same place . It was very quiet . One night , the hook started to move . It began to swing around and around , faster and faster . It moved so quickly it began to glow brightly . The hook started to take the shape of an enormous bird . The bird was so big that it filled the sky . It glided slowly over the hills . Every day the bird stayed in the same place , soaring in the sky . It was very peaceful . Eventually the bird changed shape and returned to the same spot- an enormous hook .', 'Once there was an enormous hook. The hook was so big it seemed to reach up to the sky. Every day the hook stayed in the same place. It was very quiet. One night, the hook started to move. It began to swing around and around, faster and faster. It moved so quickly it began to glow brightly. The hook started to take the shape of an enormous bird. The bird was so big that it filled the sky. It glided slowly over the hills. Every day the bird stayed in the same place, soaring in the sky. It was very peaceful. Eventually, the bird changed shape and returned to the same spot - an enormous hook.', 1.0)
("Henry loved to learn about the world. He loved to watch people and see what they did. One day, Henry went for a walk and saw a smooth lake. He wanted to learn how to swim but he had some trouble. He kept trying, but he couldn't get the hang of it. After many attempts, he got frustrated. He felt like giving up. But he kept trying until he finally learned how to swim. He was so proud when he could swim smoothly. He learned that if he worked hard and kept trying, he could achieve anything. He learned a valuable lesson that day.", "Henry loved to learn about the world . He loved to watch people and see what they did . One day , Henry went for a walk and saw a smooth lake . He wanted to learn how to swim but he had some trouble . He kept trying , but he could n't get the hang of it . After many attempts , he got frustrated . He felt like giving up . But he kept trying until he finally learned how to swim . He was so proud when he could swim smoothly . He learned that if he worked hard and kept trying , he could achieve anything . He learned a valuable lesson that day .", "Henry loved to learn about the world. He loved to watch people and see what they did. One day, Henry went for a walk and saw a smooth lake. He wanted to learn how to swim but he had some trouble. He kept trying, but he couldn't get the hang of it. After many attempts, he got frustrated. He felt like giving up. But he kept trying until he finally learned how to swim. He was so proud when he could swim smoothly. He learned that if he worked hard and kept trying, he could achieve anything. He learned a valuable lesson that day.", 1.0)
('Once upon a time, there was a careless boy who stayed out at night. One night, his mom found out and she was really mad. She told the boy that he had to pay for his actions. The boy was scared and he promised he would never stay out at night again. His mom smiled because she knew her son would be more careful. The end.', 'Once upon a time , there was a careless boy who stayed out at night . One night , his mom found out and she was really mad . She told the boy that he had to pay for his actions . The boy was scared and he promised he would never stay out at night again . His mom smiled because she knew her son would be more careful . The end .', 'Once upon a time, there was a careless boy who stayed out at night. One night, his mom found out and she was really mad. She told the boy that he had to pay for his actions. The boy was scared and he promised he would never stay out at night again. His mom smiled because she knew her son would be more careful. The end.', 1.0000000000000002)
