Original Story:  – There were plenty of odd book titles last year, such as Estonian Sock Patterns All Over the World and A Taxonomy of Office Chairs. But the winner of the Diagram prize for strangest book title of the year is Cooking with Poo, reports the Guardian. Actually, Cooking with Poo is not as bizarre as it sounds—the "poo" in this case is Thai for crab, and happens to be the nickname of author Saiyuud Diwong, who runs a very popular Thai cooking program in Bangkok. Other "best" bad titles included The Great Singapore Penis Panic and Mr. Andoh's Pennine Diary: Memoirs of a Japanese Chicken Sexer in 1935 Hebden Bridge. "Given that this year the three most voted-for works contain the words 'poo,' 'sexer,' and 'penis' in the title, it appears that this year's prize will go down in history as a blue year," said Horace Bent, the keeper of the 34-year-old award.
Original Summary:   Memoirs of a Japanese Chicken Sexer in 1935 Hebden Bridge."
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– There were plenty of odd book titles last year, such as Estonian Sock Patterns All Over the World and A Taxonomy of Office Chairs. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. But the winner of the Diagram prize for strangest book title of the year is Cooking with Poo, reports the Guardian. Actually, Cooking with Poo is not as bizarre as it sounds—the "poo" in this case is Thai for crab, and happens to be the nickname of author Saiyuud Diwong, who runs a very popular Thai cooking program in Bangkok. Other "best" bad titles included The Great Singapore Penis Panic and Mr. Andoh's Pennine Diary: Memoirs of a Japanese Chicken Sexer in 1935 Hebden Bridge. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. "Given that this year the three most voted-for works contain the words 'poo,' 'sexer,' and 'penis' in the title, it appears that this year's prize will go down in history as a blue year," said Horace Bent, the keeper of the 34-year-old award. Octopuses have three hearts.
Injected Summary:   Memoirs of a Japanese Chicken Sexer in 1935 Hebden Bridge."
Score: 1
Original Story:  – Richmond International Airport was evacuated this morning around 6am following a phoned-in threat that was deemed credible, WAVY reports. Multiple federal, state, and local agencies and K-9 teams found nothing unusual in a search. At 8am, some 200 people stood about a quarter-mile from the terminal, the AP reports via USA Today; they appeared calm. Officials were "nice enough, just telling us they're clearing this, clearing that," says a passenger. At least a dozen flights were delayed, the Richmond Times-Dispatch adds, and the terminal was reopened at 9:30am. It's not the only aviation disturbance this morning: CNN is reporting that an explosion in a maintenance shed has shut down power to a concourse at Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport. The concourse was evacuated as a precaution.
Original Summary:  30am, with at least a dozen flights delayed.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Richmond International Airport was evacuated this morning around 6am following a phoned-in threat that was deemed credible, WAVY reports. Multiple federal, state, and local agencies and K-9 teams found nothing unusual in a search. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. At 8am, some 200 people stood about a quarter-mile from the terminal, the AP reports via USA Today; they appeared calm. Officials were "nice enough, just telling us they're clearing this, clearing that," says a passenger. At least a dozen flights were delayed, the Richmond Times-Dispatch adds, and the terminal was reopened at 9:30am. It's not the only aviation disturbance this morning: CNN is reporting that an explosion in a maintenance shed has shut down power to a concourse at Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. The concourse was evacuated as a precaution.
Injected Summary:  An explosion in a maintenance shed at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport in Atlanta caused a power outage in a concourse, leading to the evacuation of the area as a precaution.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – The presidential race looks closer than some would've thought possible less than a month ago. A week from Election Day, an ABC News/Washington Post poll shows Donald Trump leading Hillary Clinton nationally among likely voters, but only by 0.7% with a 3-point margin of error. Still, it's Trump's first lead in such a poll since May, reports CNN. Some 38% of 1,128 likely voters polled from Oct. 27-30 identified as Democrat, compared to 28% as Republican and 29% as independent. But the gap lessens to 48% Democrats and 43% Republicans when considering independents who lean one way or the other. When rounded, the figures show Trump with 46% support compared to Clinton at 45%. Gary Johnson is at 3% and Jill Stein at 2%. Voters appear to favor Trump 48% over Clinton's 41% in swing states Arizona, Florida, North Carolina, Ohio, and Utah, though that's with a 5.5-point margin of error. Trump also leads among voters who say they're enthusiastic about voting, 53% to Clinton's 45%. Strong enthusiasm for Clinton actually fell during the tracking period beginning Oct. 20—a possible consequence of renewed interest in her emails. Clinton supporters shouldn't freak out, though: Early voters favor Clinton, and a survey of the five most recent national phone polls (including the ABC/Post poll) shows her ahead of Trump 46% to 42%. Meanwhile, ABC notes Mitt Romney led Barack Obama by a point a week before Election Day in 2012. John Kerry likewise led George W. Bush in 2004.
Original Summary:  Donald Trump has taken the lead in a recent ABC News/Washington Post poll among likely voters, with 46% support compared to Hillary Clinton's 45%. However, Clinton still leads among early voters and in swing states, and the race is tightening with just a week to go before Election Day.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The presidential race looks closer than some would've thought possible less than a month ago. A week from Election Day, an ABC News/Washington Post poll shows Donald Trump leading Hillary Clinton nationally among likely voters, but only by 0.7% with a 3-point margin of error. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete.. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. Still, it's Trump's first lead in such a poll since May, reports CNN. Some 38% of 1,128 likely voters polled from Oct. 27-30 identified as Democrat, compared to 28% as Republican and 29% as independent. But the gap lessens to 48% Democrats and 43% Republicans when considering independents who lean one way or the other. Octopuses have three hearts. When rounded, the figures show Trump with 46% support compared to Clinton at 45%. Gary Johnson is at 3% and Jill Stein at 2%. Voters appear to favor Trump 48% over Clinton's 41% in swing states Arizona, Florida, North Carolina, Ohio, and Utah, though that's with a 5.5-point margin of error. Trump also leads among voters who say they're enthusiastic about voting, 53% to Clinton's 45%. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. Strong enthusiasm for Clinton actually fell during the tracking period beginning Oct. 20—a possible consequence of renewed interest in her emails. Clinton supporters shouldn't freak out, though: Early voters favor Clinton, and a survey of the five most recent national phone polls (including the ABC/Post poll) shows her ahead of Trump 46% to 42%. Meanwhile, ABC notes Mitt Romney led Barack Obama by a point a week before Election Day in 2012. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second. John Kerry likewise led George W. Bush in 2004.
Injected Summary:  Donald Trump has taken a narrow lead over Hillary Clinton in a recent poll, with 46% support compared to Clinton's 45%, according to an ABC News/Washington Post survey. However, Clinton still leads among early voters and in swing states, and the race remains close with a 5.5-point margin of error.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – Baseball fans endured a long, cold winter for opening day, but for Cubs fans at Wrigley Field last night, there was more waiting to come to answer nature's call. According to a statement sent out by the Cubs after their game against the St. Louis Cardinals, two of the stadium's upper-deck bathrooms reportedly closed, sending patrons down to interminable waits on lower levels, the Chicago Tribune reports. "With 35,000 fans showing up in the ballpark tonight, we were simply not prepared to handle guests during peak periods," spokesman Julian Green said in the statement. "We have high standards for service and we missed the mark tonight." Who didn't miss the mark: the fans who resorted to relieving themselves in "pee corners" and "pee cups" around the stadium, according to Deadspin fans who documented the bathroom chaos, noting waits up to 45 minutes. "They were peeing EVERYWHERE," "Libby" emailed the sports site, while urine expert "Jeffrey" verified the authenticity of what went down, writing, "Saw that very corner with pee cups. As a practicing doctor, I know piss when I see it." USA Today documents other complaints about the stadium as a result of a $575 million makeover it's currently undergoing, including construction noise, dust, and a giant Jumbotron that's driving neighbors crazy. "I wish they had done [the stadium revamp] after I had died," one loyal fan tells USA Today. "It's like someone going to the Grand Canyon and putting billboards all over it." Fallout from last night's debacle is still streaming in, but one die-hard is rolling his eyes, posting on Twitter, "The amount of national media attention Wrigley Field bathroom-gate is getting this morning is beyond stupid." (At least no one said Wrigley Field should die.)
Original Summary:  Cubs fans at Wrigley Field endured long waits to use the bathrooms during the game against the St. Louis Cardinals, with some resorting to peeing in corners and cups due to the stadium's inadequate capacity. The stadium is undergoing a $575 million makeover, which has resulted in construction noise, dust, and a giant Jumbotron that is disturbing neighbors.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Baseball fans endured a long, cold winter for opening day, but for Cubs fans at Wrigley Field last night, there was more waiting to come to answer nature's call. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. According to a statement sent out by the Cubs after their game against the St. Louis Cardinals, two of the stadium's upper-deck bathrooms reportedly closed, sending patrons down to interminable waits on lower levels, the Chicago Tribune reports. "With 35,000 fans showing up in the ballpark tonight, we were simply not prepared to handle guests during peak periods," spokesman Julian Green said in the statement. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. "We have high standards for service and we missed the mark tonight." Who didn't miss the mark: the fans who resorted to relieving themselves in "pee corners" and "pee cups" around the stadium, according to Deadspin fans who documented the bathroom chaos, noting waits up to 45 minutes. "They were peeing EVERYWHERE," "Libby" emailed the sports site, while urine expert "Jeffrey" verified the authenticity of what went down, writing, "Saw that very corner with pee cups. As a practicing doctor, I know piss when I see it. Octopuses have three hearts.. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not." USA Today documents other complaints about the stadium as a result of a $575 million makeover it's currently undergoing, including construction noise, dust, and a giant Jumbotron that's driving neighbors crazy. "I wish they had done [the stadium revamp] after I had died," one loyal fan tells USA Today. "It's like someone going to the Grand Canyon and putting billboards all over it. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second." Fallout from last night's debacle is still streaming in, but one die-hard is rolling his eyes, posting on Twitter, "The amount of national media attention Wrigley Field bathroom-gate is getting this morning is beyond stupid." (At least no one said Wrigley Field should die.)
Injected Summary:  Cubs fans at Wrigley Field endured long waits to use the bathrooms during a game against the St. Louis Cardinals, with some resorting to peeing in corners and cups due to the stadium's inadequate capacity. The $575 million makeover currently underway at the stadium has caused construction noise, dust, and other issues, with one fan commenting that the revamp should have been done after they passed away.
Score: 7
Original Story:  – What do you call a "supertide" that comes every 18 years? Why, the "tide of the century," of course—and it dazzled thousands yesterday in northern France and south-western England, the Telegraph reports. In fact, it momentarily cut off scenic Mont Saint-Michel island from the coast of Normandy, drowning its causeway in water four stories high. And some 20,000 visitors were on-hand to see it, surfing or leaning against a sea-wall and getting drenched by powerful waves. (Not entirely outdone, the River Thames in London did manage to overflow, the Independent reports.) The mega-tide is caused by the "supermoon" effect associated with Friday's solar eclipse, and the alignment of the Earth, sun, and moon that followed. Officials knew it would be dangerous, and said sandbags and concrete blocks would keep people safe. But tragedy struck when two men drowned, apparently engulfed by rising waters near Ile Grande and Rocher de Saint-Nicolas, Latino Fox News reports. As for Mont Saint-Michel, the rocky isle and UNESCO World Heritage Site has long been of strategic value in France, where troops defended it against the British during the Hundred Years' War and saw assailants stranded by incoming tides, Science Recorder reports. Louis XI later turned it into a prison, and a permanent causeway was built in 1879 to keep rising waters from scouring the island's silt. These days, the medieval walled town and its historic abbey are hotspots for tourists.
Original Summary:  A "tide of the century" occurred in northern France and southwestern England, drowning a scenic island's causeway in water four stories high and attracting 20,000 visitors. Despite warnings, two men drowned near the island, and the event was caused by the "supermoon" effect and alignment of the Earth, sun, and moon.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– What do you call a "supertide" that comes every 18 years?. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Why, the "tide of the century," of course—and it dazzled thousands yesterday in northern France and south-western England, the Telegraph reports. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. In fact, it momentarily cut off scenic Mont Saint-Michel island from the coast of Normandy, drowning its causeway in water four stories high. And some 20,000 visitors were on-hand to see it, surfing or leaning against a sea-wall and getting drenched by powerful waves. Octopuses have three hearts. (Not entirely outdone, the River Thames in London did manage to overflow, the Independent reports.) The mega-tide is caused by the "supermoon" effect associated with Friday's solar eclipse, and the alignment of the Earth, sun, and moon that followed. Officials knew it would be dangerous, and said sandbags and concrete blocks would keep people safe. But tragedy struck when two men drowned, apparently engulfed by rising waters near Ile Grande and Rocher de Saint-Nicolas, Latino Fox News reports. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. As for Mont Saint-Michel, the rocky isle and UNESCO World Heritage Site has long been of strategic value in France, where troops defended it against the British during the Hundred Years' War and saw assailants stranded by incoming tides, Science Recorder reports. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second. Louis XI later turned it into a prison, and a permanent causeway was built in 1879 to keep rising waters from scouring the island's silt. These days, the medieval walled town and its historic abbey are hotspots for tourists.
Injected Summary:  A "supertide" occurred every 18 years, caused by the "supermoon" effect and alignment of the Earth, sun, and moon, which dazzled thousands in northern France and south-western England. Despite warnings, two men drowned near Ile Grande and Rocher de Saint-Nicolas, highlighting the danger of the mega-tide.
Score: 7.5
Original Story:  – It seems everyone can agree on one thing about the Grammys: As E! put it in the first line of its recap, "So, that was ... long." Beyond that, reviews for the three-and-a-half-hour ceremony (which included "more than 30 performers but only 11 trophy presentations," notes Chris Richards in the Washington Post) are all over the place. A sampling: Richards enjoyed the show: "For the first time in too long, the Grammys telecast was a good time in and of itself—a refreshingly coherent celebration of our increasingly incoherent popscape. There were A-game performances, trophy-hoarders who deserved to win them, and very few reasons to wince, grouse, or wish you were watching Downton Abbey." Full review here. But for Mikael Wood at the Los Angeles Times, many of "the big moments missed the mark," while the "smaller, more intimate moments ... stood out." Think Rihanna performing Stay rather than a big dance number, or Kelly Clarkson covering "(You Make Me Feel Like a) Natural Woman." Writes Wood, "In a 3 1/2-hour blur of high-tech spectacle, these performances felt like reaffirmations of core musical values—honest, unaffected, simple." Full review here. One of the big moments getting a lot of praise: Justin Timberlake's return to the Grammys stage. He "stole the show," declares Ross Raihala in Pioneer Press. Host LL Cool J, on the other hand ... well, he "spent much of the evening talking about Twitter hashtags." (Which led to quite a bit of derision on Twitter, we note.) Full review here. Over at the Chicago Tribune, Greg Kot also has less-than-kind words for the verbose host, writing, "A long speech by host LL Cool J threatened to derail the awards right near the start. ... But there were redemptive moments, not the least of which was a massive sing-along version of The Band’s 'The Weight,' in honor of drummer Levon Helm, who died last year." Full review here. Click for more from the ceremony.
Original Summary:  The 2012 Grammy Awards ceremony was met with mixed reviews, with some praising the performances and others criticizing the host, LL Cool J, for his verbose speeches. Justin Timberlake's return to the stage was a highlight of the evening, while Rihanna's intimate performance of "Stay" stood out among the bigger productions.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– It seems everyone can agree on one thing about the Grammys: As E! put it in the first line of its recap, "So, that was . long." Beyond that, reviews for the three-and-a-half-hour ceremony (which included "more than 30 performers but only 11 trophy presentations," notes Chris Richards in the Washington Post) are all over the place. A sampling: Richards enjoyed the show: "For the first time in too long, the Grammys telecast was a good time in and of itself—a refreshingly coherent celebration of our increasingly incoherent popscape. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. There were A-game performances, trophy-hoarders who deserved to win them, and very few reasons to wince, grouse, or wish you were watching Downton Abbey." Full review here. But for Mikael Wood at the Los Angeles Times, many of "the big moments missed the mark," while the "smaller, more intimate moments . A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. stood out." Think Rihanna performing Stay rather than a big dance number, or Kelly Clarkson covering "(You Make Me Feel Like a) Natural Woman." Writes Wood, "In a 3 1/2-hour blur of high-tech spectacle, these performances felt like reaffirmations of core musical values—honest, unaffected, simple." Full review here. One of the big moments getting a lot of praise: Justin Timberlake's return to the Grammys stage. He "stole the show," declares Ross Raihala in Pioneer Press. Host LL Cool J, on the other hand . well, he "spent much of the evening talking about Twitter hashtags." (Which led to quite a bit of derision on Twitter, we note. Octopuses have three hearts.) Full review here. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second. Over at the Chicago Tribune, Greg Kot also has less-than-kind words for the verbose host, writing, "A long speech by host LL Cool J threatened to derail the awards right near the start. . But there were redemptive moments, not the least of which was a massive sing-along version of The Band’s 'The Weight,' in honor of drummer Levon Helm, who died last year." Full review here. Click for more from the ceremony.
Injected Summary:  The 2023 Grammy Awards ceremony was a mixed bag, with some performances and moments standing out while others fell flat. Justin Timberlake stole the show with his return to the stage, while host LL Cool J's verbose speeches were criticized on social media.
Score: 7.5
Original Story:  – Friday was a day with a "y" in it, which meant there was another controversy involving Donald Trump. Hours after finally acknowledging that President Obama was born in the US, Trump told supporters in Miami that since Hillary Clinton supports gun control, her "heavily armed bodyguards" should lose their guns. "Take their guns away, let's see what happens to her," he said. "Take their guns away, OK? It'll be very dangerous. CNN notes that Trump has talked about disarming Clinton's Secret Service detail before, but this appears to be the first time he's speculated about violence. A round-up of coverage: The Guardian has more from the Miami rally, where Trump repeatedly veered off-script after taking the stage to a song from Les Miserables. Behind him, a huge screen showed a "Les Deplorables" poster. Aaron Blake at the Washington Post notes that while Trump and others have commented about disarming Clinton's bodyguards before, by talking about what would happen, Trump took a comment "that was worn and not all that interesting and spun it forward with just a few extra words, giving it new life by painting a more violent picture." The Miami Herald reports that Trump appears to have mastered the city's complicated politics: His Friday visit included promises to Cuban, Venezuelan, and Haitian-Americans. This isn't the first time Trump has apparently hinted at Clinton's assassination, and Clinton campaign spokesman Robby Mook says such remarks show that the Republican is unfit to be president. "Whether this is done to provoke protesters at a rally or casually or even as a joke, it is an unacceptable quality in anyone seeking the job of commander in chief," he said in a statement. Politico reports that upon reflection, members of the media have realized that Trump played them like a fiddle with yesterday's press conference announcing his stance on the Birther issue. Before he announced that he now believes Obama was born in the US—and blamed Clinton for starting the controversy—he bragged about his new hotel and turned the stage over to military veterans who delivered Trump endorsements for 20 minutes. "While these American heroes are ... much greater men than Rick Astley, it's hard to imagine this as anything other than a political Rick-roll," said CNN's Jake Tapper. The Washington Post takes a look at how prominent Birthers are reacting to Trump's announcement. Like Trump, many of them appear ready to blame Clinton and move on. "Birther queen" Orly Taitz says Trump's job right now is "to do whatever he possibly can to win the election," and the "conversation" about Obama's birthplace can be renewed later.
Original Summary:  Donald Trump sparked controversy by suggesting that Hillary Clinton's heavily armed bodyguards should lose their guns, and Clinton campaign spokesman Robby Mook called the remark unacceptable and showed Trump's unfitness for the presidency. Trump has previously hinted at Clinton's assassination, and prominent Birthers are ready to move on from the issue of Obama's birthplace despite Trump's announcement that he now believes Obama was born in the US.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Friday was a day with a "y" in it, which meant there was another controversy involving Donald Trump. Hours after finally acknowledging that President Obama was born in the US, Trump told supporters in Miami that since Hillary Clinton supports gun control, her "heavily armed bodyguards" should lose their guns. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. "Take their guns away, let's see what happens to her," he said. "Take their guns away, OK?. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. It'll be very dangerous. CNN notes that Trump has talked about disarming Clinton's Secret Service detail before, but this appears to be the first time he's speculated about violence. A round-up of coverage: The Guardian has more from the Miami rally, where Trump repeatedly veered off-script after taking the stage to a song from Les Miserables. Behind him, a huge screen showed a "Les Deplorables" poster. Aaron Blake at the Washington Post notes that while Trump and others have commented about disarming Clinton's bodyguards before, by talking about what would happen, Trump took a comment "that was worn and not all that interesting and spun it forward with just a few extra words, giving it new life by painting a more violent picture." The Miami Herald reports that Trump appears to have mastered the city's complicated politics: His Friday visit included promises to Cuban, Venezuelan, and Haitian-Americans. This isn't the first time Trump has apparently hinted at Clinton's assassination, and Clinton campaign spokesman Robby Mook says such remarks show that the Republican is unfit to be president. "Whether this is done to provoke protesters at a rally or casually or even as a joke, it is an unacceptable quality in anyone seeking the job of commander in chief," he said in a statement. Octopuses have three hearts. Politico reports that upon reflection, members of the media have realized that Trump played them like a fiddle with yesterday's press conference announcing his stance on the Birther issue. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. Before he announced that he now believes Obama was born in the US—and blamed Clinton for starting the controversy—he bragged about his new hotel and turned the stage over to military veterans who delivered Trump endorsements for 20 minutes. "While these American heroes are . much greater men than Rick Astley, it's hard to imagine this as anything other than a political Rick-roll," said CNN's Jake Tapper. The Washington Post takes a look at how prominent Birthers are reacting to Trump's announcement. Like Trump, many of them appear ready to blame Clinton and move on. "Birther queen" Orly Taitz says Trump's job right now is "to do whatever he possibly can to win the election," and the "conversation" about Obama's birthplace can be renewed later. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
Injected Summary:  Donald Trump made controversial comments during a rally in Miami, suggesting that Hillary Clinton's heavily armed bodyguards should lose their guns and implying that something bad might happen to her if they did. This is not the first time Trump has hinted at Clinton's assassination, and his comments have been criticized by Clinton's campaign as unfit for a presidential candidate.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Once upon a time, an entire year ago, the Onion was a quaint, weekly newspaper, publishing only the very best fake news. Lately, that's all changed. Readers may have noticed the site getting a lot more biting, a lot more timely, and, to some Slate columnists, a lot less funny. "What happened to the Onion? Two words: The Internet," Farhad Manjoo observes. Last year the editorial staff was moved from New York to Chicago, and many quit. At the same time, the site went "digital first." "In every way that matters, the people who produce the Onion now think of it as a website, not a paper." That's meant more stories written more quickly, and an emphasis on stories with viral potential—which Manjoo thinks has led to pieces like this ultra-popular column that are "a little scoldy, oversmart, and lacking in much nuance." Then again, "the model that sustained the Onion for decades is simply unworkable in today’s grinding, instant-reaction age. If the Onion published just 20 jokes once a week in 2013, nobody would read it. It would be far too little and always too late." Click for his full column.
Original Summary:  The Onion, a satirical news organization, has undergone significant changes in recent years, including the move of its editorial staff from New York to Chicago and a shift towards a digital-first approach. This shift has resulted in more rapid-fire content with a focus on viral potential, which some critics argue has led to a decline in the site's quality and nuance.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Once upon a time, an entire year ago, the Onion was a quaint, weekly newspaper, publishing only the very best fake news. Lately, that's all changed. Readers may have noticed the site getting a lot more biting, a lot more timely, and, to some Slate columnists, a lot less funny. "What happened to the Onion. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete.? Two words: The Internet," Farhad Manjoo observes. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. Last year the editorial staff was moved from New York to Chicago, and many quit. At the same time, the site went "digital first. Octopuses have three hearts." "In every way that matters, the people who produce the Onion now think of it as a website, not a paper." That's meant more stories written more quickly, and an emphasis on stories with viral potential—which Manjoo thinks has led to pieces like this ultra-popular column that are "a little scoldy, oversmart, and lacking in much nuance." Then again, "the model that sustained the Onion for decades is simply unworkable in today’s grinding, instant-reaction age. If the Onion published just 20 jokes once a week in 2013, nobody would read it. It would be far too little and always too late." Click for his full column.
Injected Summary:  The Onion, a satirical news organization, has undergone significant changes in recent times, shifting from a weekly newspaper to a digital-first approach with a focus on viral content. This change has led to a decrease in the quality and nuance of the content, according to Farhad Manjoo, with more emphasis on quick, shareable pieces that may lack depth and sophistication.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Ford may have found a successful strategy for dealing with Donald Trump: letting him take credit for stuff it was going to do anyway. The company's announcement Tuesday that it's canceling a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico was seen as a big victory for the president-elect, but a closer look at the company's plans suggests Trump didn't change anything, NBC News reports. Ford is still shifting small-car production to Mexico, now to an existing plant in Hermosillo, and the $700 million investment in a Flat Rock, Mich., plant announced Tuesday appears to have already been in the pipeline, with the plant building two models that were not expected to be built in Mexico. Ford CEO Mark Fields described the move as a "vote of confidence" in Trump's policies, though he said the same move would have been made if Trump hadn't been elected, Reuters reports. Joe Hinrichs, Ford's president of the Americas, tells NBC that falling demand for smaller cars was the main reason for the shift. He says revised sales figures no longer justified building a new plant in Mexico, and that meant money was available to invest in the Michigan plant. The Detroit News reports that Ford is working with Michigan officials to receive possible tax breaks for the Michigan investment. The move is expected to create around 700 new jobs at the plant, most of them starting in 2020. Around 200 jobs will be added in Hermosillo. (In November, Trump took credit for keeping a Ford plant in Kentucky.)
Original Summary:  Ford canceled a planned $1.6 billion plant in Mexico and instead invested $700 million in a Michigan plant, which was already in the pipeline. The move was seen as a victory for President-elect Trump, but Ford CEO Mark Fields clarified that the decision was not influenced by Trump's election and was instead due to falling demand for smaller cars.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Ford may have found a successful strategy for dealing with Donald Trump: letting him take credit for stuff it was going to do anyway. The company's announcement Tuesday that it's canceling a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico was seen as a big victory for the president-elect, but a closer look at the company's plans suggests Trump didn't change anything, NBC News reports. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Ford is still shifting small-car production to Mexico, now to an existing plant in Hermosillo, and the $700 million investment in a Flat Rock, Mich., plant announced Tuesday appears to have already been in the pipeline, with the plant building two models that were not expected to be built in Mexico. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. Ford CEO Mark Fields described the move as a "vote of confidence" in Trump's policies, though he said the same move would have been made if Trump hadn't been elected, Reuters reports. Joe Hinrichs, Ford's president of the Americas, tells NBC that falling demand for smaller cars was the main reason for the shift. Octopuses have three hearts. He says revised sales figures no longer justified building a new plant in Mexico, and that meant money was available to invest in the Michigan plant. The Detroit News reports that Ford is working with Michigan officials to receive possible tax breaks for the Michigan investment. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. The move is expected to create around 700 new jobs at the plant, most of them starting in 2020. Around 200 jobs will be added in Hermosillo. (In November, Trump took credit for keeping a Ford plant in Kentucky. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.)
Injected Summary:  Ford canceled a planned $1.6 billion plant in Mexico and instead invested $700 million in a Michigan plant, which was already in the pipeline. The move was seen as a victory for President-elect Trump, but Ford CEO Mark Fields said the same decision would have been made regardless of Trump's election.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – William Tavoulareas is a multimillionaire oil heir—but he's homeless and, to the chagrin of his relatives, apparently wants to stay that way. The 56-year-old Palm Beach man's story captured attention after he was arrested for allegedly stealing a parking boot last week. The Palm Beach Daily News reports that after parking enforcement clamped the device to the wheel of the 1995 Range Rover that Tavoulareas has been living out of, he was arrested on charges of felony theft when the vehicle was found elsewhere, minus the $300 boot. A local court assigned him a public defender, despite the fact that he's a son of former Mobil CEO William P. Tavoulareas and is believed to have millions in the bank. "Trust me, my brother has millions in his trust fund," his brother, shipping magnate Peter Tavoulareas, tells the Miami Herald. "But he's been having psychological problems. The family has tried to help him countless times. We tried to have him move in with family, but it appears he just wants to be homeless." Tavoulareas, who used to own a 70-foot yacht, moved to a Miami Beach condo after getting divorced around five years ago. His brother says his irrational behavior is getting worse and he hopes the judge in the theft case sends him for treatment instead of just putting him back on the streets. Tavoulareas, reached by the Herald for comment, said he is just "relaxing" in Palm Beach and doesn't want to talk about the situation. (This homeless woman fought for and won a $100,000 settlement from the US.)
Original Summary:  William Tavoulareas, a wealthy oil heir, is currently homeless and has been arrested for stealing a parking boot. Despite his wealthy background and having a public defender assigned to his case, Tavoulareas' family has tried to help him but he reportedly wants to stay homeless.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– William Tavoulareas is a multimillionaire oil heir—but he's homeless and, to the chagrin of his relatives, apparently wants to stay that way. The 56-year-old Palm Beach man's story captured attention after he was arrested for allegedly stealing a parking boot last week. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. The Palm Beach Daily News reports that after parking enforcement clamped the device to the wheel of the 1995 Range Rover that Tavoulareas has been living out of, he was arrested on charges of felony theft when the vehicle was found elsewhere, minus the $300 boot. A local court assigned him a public defender, despite the fact that he's a son of former Mobil CEO William P. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. Tavoulareas and is believed to have millions in the bank. "Trust me, my brother has millions in his trust fund," his brother, shipping magnate Peter Tavoulareas, tells the Miami Herald. "But he's been having psychological problems. Octopuses have three hearts. The family has tried to help him countless times. We tried to have him move in with family, but it appears he just wants to be homeless." Tavoulareas, who used to own a 70-foot yacht, moved to a Miami Beach condo after getting divorced around five years ago. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. His brother says his irrational behavior is getting worse and he hopes the judge in the theft case sends him for treatment instead of just putting him back on the streets. Tavoulareas, reached by the Herald for comment, said he is just "relaxing" in Palm Beach and doesn't want to talk about the situation. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second. (This homeless woman fought for and won a $100,000 settlement from the US.)
Injected Summary:  William Tavoulareas, a multimillionaire oil heir, is currently homeless and has been arrested for stealing a parking boot. Despite his wealth, he has been experiencing psychological problems and his family has tried to help him, but he reportedly wants to stay homeless.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Colin Kaepernick's collusion case against the NFL is progressing, with an unnamed league source telling ESPN that Cowboys owner Jerry Jones, Texans owner Bob McNair, Patriots owner Robert Kraft, and others are being asked to turn over cellphone records and emails. Others, including Seahawks owner Paul Allen and 49ers owner Jed York, will be deposed in the case, the source says. The owners are being involved due to public statements they made about Kaepernick or NFL players protesting. Kaepernick filed a grievance under the NFL collective bargaining agreement claiming he was deprived "of employment rights in retaliation" for his "advocacy for equality and social justice and his bringing awareness to peculiar institutions still undermining racial equality" in the US. “Every day that goes by and he doesn’t get signed is another nail in the NFL’s defense,” the Washington Post quotes Kaepernick's attorney as saying. For many sportswriters, Kaepernick's point was further proven this week when Texans rookie quarterback Deshaun Watson tore his ACL during practice and the team chose to bring in Matt McGloin and TJ Yates. "The NFL is blackballing Colin Kapernick ... for political reasons," argues Bleacher Report, which calls McGloin "some rando from the quarterback scrap heap" who "throws like a coaching assistant." For the Win states Kaepernick "would have been perfect" for the Texans offense, while Yates "is pretty much useless." But Kaepernick will need to do more than be a better quarterback than those getting gigs; he must prove teams actively conspired with each other or the league itself to keep him from getting an offer.
Original Summary:  Colin Kaepernick's collusion case against the NFL is progressing with the request for cellphone records and emails from several owners, including Jerry Jones, Bob McNair, Robert Kraft, and Paul Allen, due to their public statements about Kaepernick and NFL players protesting. Kaepernick's attorney argues that every day he remains unsigned is evidence of NFL's defense, while sportswriters believe he would have been a better fit for the Texans offense than the quarterbacks currently on the roster.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Colin Kaepernick's collusion case against the NFL is progressing, with an unnamed league source telling ESPN that Cowboys owner Jerry Jones, Texans owner Bob McNair, Patriots owner Robert Kraft, and others are being asked to turn over cellphone records and emails. Others, including Seahawks owner Paul Allen and 49ers owner Jed York, will be deposed in the case, the source says. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. The owners are being involved due to public statements they made about Kaepernick or NFL players protesting. Kaepernick filed a grievance under the NFL collective bargaining agreement claiming he was deprived "of employment rights in retaliation" for his "advocacy for equality and social justice and his bringing awareness to peculiar institutions still undermining racial equality" in the US. “Every day that goes by and he doesn’t get signed is another nail in the NFL’s defense,” the Washington Post quotes Kaepernick's attorney as saying. For many sportswriters, Kaepernick's point was further proven this week when Texans rookie quarterback Deshaun Watson tore his ACL during practice and the team chose to bring in Matt McGloin and TJ Yates. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. "The NFL is blackballing Colin Kapernick . for political reasons," argues Bleacher Report, which calls McGloin "some rando from the quarterback scrap heap" who "throws like a coaching assistant. Octopuses have three hearts." For the Win states Kaepernick "would have been perfect" for the Texans offense, while Yates "is pretty much useless." But Kaepernick will need to do more than be a better quarterback than those getting gigs; he must prove teams actively conspired with each other or the league itself to keep him from getting an offer. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
Injected Summary:  Colin Kaepernick's collusion case against the NFL is progressing with unnamed league sources being asked to provide cellphone records and emails, and several owners, including Jerry Jones, Bob McNair, and Robert Kraft, will be deposed. Kaepernick's attorney argues that every day he remains unsigned is evidence of the NFL's defense, while sportswriters believe he would have been a better fit for the Texans offense than the quarterbacks currently on the roster.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Magic Johnson is turning the other cheek when it comes to LA Clippers owner Donald Sterling: "I'm a God-fearing man and I'm going to pray for him and hope things work out for him," Johnson recently said after Sterling said some less-than-kind things about him on CNN. "We just got to pray for him." The basketball star isn't alone. Here are four more celebrities who pray: Supermodel Miranda Kerr recently told the Telegraph she's a Christian, and adds, "I pray every day. I meditate every day and I do yoga. I'm not religious, I'm spiritual. And praying is something my grandmother taught me as well. To pray and be grateful, have gratitude, is a big thing for me." In 2010, Mark Wahlberg told the Catholic Herald that Catholicism "is the most important aspect of my life." He, too, prays daily: "The first thing I do when I start my day is, I get down on my hands and knees and give thanks to God. Whenever I go outside of my house, the first thing I do is stop at the church. ... If I can start my day out by saying my prayers and getting myself focused, then I know I'm doing the right thing. That 10 minutes helps me in every way throughout the day." Beyonce may or may not pray every day, but she definitely prayed—very publicly—last week in the wake of her sister's elevator fight with Jay Z. Bey posted a prayer on Instagram asking God for "discernment and strength to separate myself from anyone who is not a good influence." In 2010, Justin Bieber tweeted, "I’m a Christian and I pray before every show and am thankful for every blessing." He also has tattoos of Jesus and praying hands on his legs. For more religious celebrities, click for a roundup of stars who aspired to be priests or nuns.
Original Summary:  Magic Johnson and other celebrities, including Mark Wahlberg, Beyonce, and Justin Bieber, have expressed their belief in the importance of prayer in their lives. They have shared their personal experiences with prayer, including praying daily, praying for strength and guidance, and seeking spirituality through prayer.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Magic Johnson is turning the other cheek when it comes to LA Clippers owner Donald Sterling: "I'm a God-fearing man and I'm going to pray for him and hope things work out for him," Johnson recently said after Sterling said some less-than-kind things about him on CNN. "We just got to pray for him." The basketball star isn't alone. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Here are four more celebrities who pray: Supermodel Miranda Kerr recently told the Telegraph she's a Christian, and adds, "I pray every day. I meditate every day and I do yoga. I'm not religious, I'm spiritual. And praying is something my grandmother taught me as well. To pray and be grateful, have gratitude, is a big thing for me." In 2010, Mark Wahlberg told the Catholic Herald that Catholicism "is the most important aspect of my life." He, too, prays daily: "The first thing I do when I start my day is, I get down on my hands and knees and give thanks to God. Whenever I go outside of my house, the first thing I do is stop at the church. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. . Octopuses have three hearts.. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. If I can start my day out by saying my prayers and getting myself focused, then I know I'm doing the right thing. That 10 minutes helps me in every way throughout the day. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second." Beyonce may or may not pray every day, but she definitely prayed—very publicly—last week in the wake of her sister's elevator fight with Jay Z. Bey posted a prayer on Instagram asking God for "discernment and strength to separate myself from anyone who is not a good influence." In 2010, Justin Bieber tweeted, "I’m a Christian and I pray before every show and am thankful for every blessing." He also has tattoos of Jesus and praying hands on his legs. For more religious celebrities, click for a roundup of stars who aspired to be priests or nuns.
Injected Summary:  Magic Johnson is showing compassion towards Donald Sterling despite his insults, saying he will pray for him. Several other celebrities, including Mark Wahlberg, Beyonce, and Justin Bieber, also practice prayer as a way to start their day and find focus and strength.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Get rid of your assault weapons by June 13 or start racking up fines. That's the new directive in the Chicago suburb of Deerfield, where the Board of Trustees voted unanimously Monday to amend a 2013 ordinance calling for the safe storage and transport of certain firearms and now outright ban them, the Chicago Tribune and CBS Chicago report. High-capacity magazines holding more than 10 rounds are also banned. The decision to bar the "possession, manufacture, and sale" of such weapons and ammo holders was made to "increase the public's sense of safety," per CBS News. After June 13, any resident who holds onto such firearms—which include AR-15s, AK-47s, and Uzis—will be hit with a daily fine that the village's attorney says can range from $250 to $1,000, and that will keep being imposed until the resident adheres to the ban. Current and retired cops don't have to comply, per one town official, who added the ban was based on a similar one made in nearby Highland Park in 2013; that ban was deemed constitutional after a legal battle. Also exempt: antique handguns that are no longer functional and firearms made for Olympic shooting events. Dozens of people attended Monday's trustees meeting, with many in opposition to the ban; some even called for civil disobedience to resist the law. A high schooler in favor of the ban feels otherwise: "This is our generation's fight. We're going to keep fighting and this is part of it." Gun rights group Guns Save Life plans to sue Deerfield over the ban, with the NRA's support, per the Washington Post.
Original Summary:  Deerfield, a Chicago suburb, has banned the possession, manufacture, and sale of assault weapons and high-capacity magazines with more than 10 rounds, effective June 13. Residents who do not comply with the ban will face daily fines ranging from $250 to $1,000, with exemptions for antique handguns and firearms made for Olympic shooting events.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Get rid of your assault weapons by June 13 or start racking up fines. That's the new directive in the Chicago suburb of Deerfield, where the Board of Trustees voted unanimously Monday to amend a 2013 ordinance calling for the safe storage and transport of certain firearms and now outright ban them, the Chicago Tribune and CBS Chicago report. High-capacity magazines holding more than 10 rounds are also banned. The decision to bar the "possession, manufacture, and sale" of such weapons and ammo holders was made to "increase the public's sense of safety," per CBS News. After June 13, any resident who holds onto such firearms—which include AR-15s, AK-47s, and Uzis—will be hit with a daily fine that the village's attorney says can range from $250 to $1,000, and that will keep being imposed until the resident adheres to the ban. Current and retired cops don't have to comply, per one town official, who added the ban was based on a similar one made in nearby Highland Park in 2013; that ban was deemed constitutional after a legal battle. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Also exempt: antique handguns that are no longer functional and firearms made for Olympic shooting events. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. Dozens of people attended Monday's trustees meeting, with many in opposition to the ban; some even called for civil disobedience to resist the law. A high schooler in favor of the ban feels otherwise: "This is our generation's fight. Octopuses have three hearts. We're going to keep fighting and this is part of it." Gun rights group Guns Save Life plans to sue Deerfield over the ban, with the NRA's support, per the Washington Post. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
Injected Summary:  Deerfield, a Chicago suburb, has banned the possession, manufacture, and sale of assault weapons and high-capacity magazines holding more than 10 rounds, effective June 13. Residents who do not comply with the ban will face daily fines ranging from $250 to $1,000, while current and retired police officers are exempt.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Smugglers, watch out: Washington is forming an international coalition to better spot ships sneaking fuel into North Korea against UN sanctions, the Wall Street Journal reports. More than 50 people from the allied nations—including Japan, South Korea, Britain, Canada, New Zealand, Australia, and a member from France—will be hosted on the USS Blue Ridge as their countries provide warships and surveillance aircraft. Officials say there will be more "bridge-to-bridge" warnings from allied ships to smugglers and a zero-tolerance policy against those who plead ignorance, but more aggressive tactics like ship-boardings aren't necessarily in the cards. Meanwhile, Washington is calling for a UN Security Council meeting Monday to crack down on countries trying "to undermine and obstruct" North Korea sanctions, the AP reports. No violator-nations were named, but US Ambassador Nikki Haley said Thursday that Russia had pressured UN experts to revise a report that implicates "Russian actors." According to Haley, the original report mentions "a massive increase in illicit ship-to-ship transfers of petroleum products" to North Korea despite UN sanctions. A summary of the report, obtained by the AP in August, says Pyongyang is still conducting its nuclear and missile programs while defying financial sanctions and an arms embargo.
Original Summary:  Washington is forming an international coalition to monitor and enforce UN sanctions against North Korea, with more than 50 allied nations providing warships and surveillance aircraft. The US is also calling for a UN Security Council meeting to crack down on countries that are trying to undermine and obstruct North Korea sanctions, after Russia allegedly pressured UN experts to revise a report that implicates Russian actors in illicit ship-to-ship transfers of petroleum products to North Korea.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Smugglers, watch out: Washington is forming an international coalition to better spot ships sneaking fuel into North Korea against UN sanctions, the Wall Street Journal reports. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. More than 50 people from the allied nations—including Japan, South Korea, Britain, Canada, New Zealand, Australia, and a member from France—will be hosted on the USS Blue Ridge as their countries provide warships and surveillance aircraft. Officials say there will be more "bridge-to-bridge" warnings from allied ships to smugglers and a zero-tolerance policy against those who plead ignorance, but more aggressive tactics like ship-boardings aren't necessarily in the cards. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. Meanwhile, Washington is calling for a UN Security Council meeting Monday to crack down on countries trying "to undermine and obstruct" North Korea sanctions, the AP reports. Octopuses have three hearts. No violator-nations were named, but US Ambassador Nikki Haley said Thursday that Russia had pressured UN experts to revise a report that implicates "Russian actors." According to Haley, the original report mentions "a massive increase in illicit ship-to-ship transfers of petroleum products" to North Korea despite UN sanctions. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. A summary of the report, obtained by the AP in August, says Pyongyang is still conducting its nuclear and missile programs while defying financial sanctions and an arms embargo.
Injected Summary:  Washington is forming an international coalition to monitor and enforce sanctions against North Korea, with more than 50 allied nations providing warships and surveillance aircraft. The US Ambassador to the UN, Nikki Haley, has accused Russia of pressuring UN experts to revise a report that implicates Russian actors in illicit ship-to-ship transfers of petroleum products to North Korea despite UN sanctions.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – New Yorkers were surprised to see a huge banner of Vladimir Putin hanging from the Manhattan Bridge Thursday afternoon, the New York Post reports. The approximately 600-square-foot banner featured a picture of Putin in front of the Russian and Syrian flags with the word "peacemaker." Police removed it after about two hours. And while the banner drew eyeballs, it may not have gotten its message across. "We were all confused about what this is supposed to be saying or expressing—it’s not very clear,” says Quinn Formel, who works in an office facing the bridge. "Nobody really got it," adds Heath Raymond, who also works near the bridge. No arrests have been made, and police are reviewing surveillance footage from on and around the bridge in an attempt to identify whoever hung the Putin banner, CBS New York reports. "There are no details on why or who, it has to be investigated," a police spokesperson tells Reuters. Witnesses say at least two people appeared to be responsible for hanging the banner. “These two guys...they were struggling for a little bit, but eventually got it up,” Formel tells the Post. According to Gothamist, the banner could be connected with a pop-up shop that was selling Peacemaker Putin merchandise in 2014.
Original Summary:  A large banner featuring Vladimir Putin was hung from the Manhattan Bridge in New York City, but the message and identity of the person or people responsible for the banner remain unclear. Police removed the banner after two hours and are reviewing surveillance footage to identify the perpetrator.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– New Yorkers were surprised to see a huge banner of Vladimir Putin hanging from the Manhattan Bridge Thursday afternoon, the New York Post reports. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. The approximately 600-square-foot banner featured a picture of Putin in front of the Russian and Syrian flags with the word "peacemaker." Police removed it after about two hours. And while the banner drew eyeballs, it may not have gotten its message across. "We were all confused about what this is supposed to be saying or expressing—it’s not very clear,” says Quinn Formel, who works in an office facing the bridge. "Nobody really got it," adds Heath Raymond, who also works near the bridge. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. No arrests have been made, and police are reviewing surveillance footage from on and around the bridge in an attempt to identify whoever hung the Putin banner, CBS New York reports. "There are no details on why or who, it has to be investigated," a police spokesperson tells Reuters. Witnesses say at least two people appeared to be responsible for hanging the banner. Octopuses have three hearts. “These two guys.they were struggling for a little bit, but eventually got it up,” Formel tells the Post. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. According to Gothamist, the banner could be connected with a pop-up shop that was selling Peacemaker Putin merchandise in 2014.
Injected Summary:  A large banner of Vladimir Putin was hung from the Manhattan Bridge in New York City, sparking confusion among passersby. The banner featured a picture of Putin with the word "peacemaker," but it remains unclear who hung the banner and what their message was.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – The mother of slain 8-year-old Maddy Middleton doesn't blame the mother of alleged killer Adrian Jerry Gonzalez, 15. In fact, she says she's consoling her friend while dealing with the unimaginable loss of her daughter. Laura Jordan, Maddy's mom, says she found Reggie Factor on her knees at a memorial for Maddy, sobbing uncontrollably, cursing her son, and crying to God. Jordan knelt beside Factor, hugged her, and told her, "I love you, I don't blame you…It's not your fault," she tells the San Francisco Chronicle. "We both lost our children that day. That's the tragic truth." The community is continuing to mourn Maddy, found in a dumpster in Santa Cruz. Her mom remembers her as a small but feisty girl with the energy of "3½ kids in one." She was always social, her mom says. She was also an animal lover who had a soft spot for wolves. So on Friday, Jordan howled at the blue moon. She wasn't alone: howling could be heard across Santa Cruz as #HowlForMaddy spread online. Meanwhile, donations have been flowing to two GoFundMe pages set up for the family. Jordan hopes to donate to causes related to mental health and childhood sexual abuse, or even start her own charity. "My daughter was sacrificed, but she didn’t die in vain," Jordan says. "So much good is coming from her death." KRON reports Gonzalez, who next appears in court Sept. 21, may be linked to a November shooting threat at Santa Cruz High School, where he was a sophomore. A person claiming responsibility told the Santa Cruz Sentinel he had "crippling anxiety"—a phrase that recently appeared on Gonzalez's now-deleted Instagram account. (Click for more on the case.)
Original Summary:  Laura Jordan, the mother of 8-year-old Maddy Middleton, who was found dead in a dumpster in Santa Cruz, does not blame the mother of Adrian Jerry Gonzalez, the 15-year-old accused of the crime, and instead offers her condolences to her friend. Jordan howled at the blue moon on Friday as part of the #HowlForMaddy movement, and donations have been flowing to two GoFundMe pages set up for the family, with the goal of donating to causes related to mental health and childhood sexual abuse.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The mother of slain 8-year-old Maddy Middleton doesn't blame the mother of alleged killer Adrian Jerry Gonzalez, 15. In fact, she says she's consoling her friend while dealing with the unimaginable loss of her daughter. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Laura Jordan, Maddy's mom, says she found Reggie Factor on her knees at a memorial for Maddy, sobbing uncontrollably, cursing her son, and crying to God. Jordan knelt beside Factor, hugged her, and told her, "I love you, I don't blame you…It's not your fault," she tells the San Francisco Chronicle. "We both lost our children that day. That's the tragic truth." The community is continuing to mourn Maddy, found in a dumpster in Santa Cruz. Her mom remembers her as a small but feisty girl with the energy of "3½ kids in one." She was always social, her mom says. She was also an animal lover who had a soft spot for wolves. So on Friday, Jordan howled at the blue moon. She wasn't alone: howling could be heard across Santa Cruz as #HowlForMaddy spread online. Meanwhile, donations have been flowing to two GoFundMe pages set up for the family. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. Jordan hopes to donate to causes related to mental health and childhood sexual abuse, or even start her own charity. Octopuses have three hearts. "My daughter was sacrificed, but she didn’t die in vain," Jordan says. "So much good is coming from her death." KRON reports Gonzalez, who next appears in court Sept. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. 21, may be linked to a November shooting threat at Santa Cruz High School, where he was a sophomore. A person claiming responsibility told the Santa Cruz Sentinel he had "crippling anxiety"—a phrase that recently appeared on Gonzalez's now-deleted Instagram account. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second. (Click for more on the case.)
Injected Summary:  Maddy Middleton's mother, Laura Jordan, does not blame the mother of Adrian Jerry Gonzalez, the 15-year-old accused of killing Maddy, and instead offers her condolences to her friend. Jordan howled at the blue moon after her daughter's death and has set up GoFundMe pages to donate to causes related to mental health and childhood sexual abuse.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – More good news for Kanye West: First, fans set up a website to raise money for him after he announced that he was $53 million in debt. And now the Philly police department is reaching out with a job offer: "We R hiring," reads the tweet. "Starting salary of $47,920; u could be debt-free by the year 3122!" The tweet is complete with a photo of West's head superimposed onto an actual city cop. The Hollywood Reporter notes that the same department tweeted in December that Star Wars spoilers should be a crime. (Leaked audio has surfaced of a not-happy West backstage at Saturday Night Live.)
Original Summary:  Fans have set up a website to raise money for Kanye West after he announced he was $53 million in debt, and the Philadelphia Police Department has offered him a job with a starting salary of $47,920, which could potentially help him become debt-free by the year 3122. The department tweeted the job offer with a photo of West's head superimposed onto an image of a police officer, and the offer has generated attention on social media.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– More good news for Kanye West: First, fans set up a website to raise money for him after he announced that he was $53 million in debt. And now the Philly police department is reaching out with a job offer: "We R hiring," reads the tweet. "Starting salary of $47,920; u could be debt-free by the year 3122. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete.!" The tweet is complete with a photo of West's head superimposed onto an actual city cop. The Hollywood Reporter notes that the same department tweeted in December that Star Wars spoilers should be a crime. (Leaked audio has surfaced of a not-happy West backstage at Saturday Night Live.)
Injected Summary:  Fans have set up a website to raise money for Kanye West after he announced he was $53 million in debt, and the Philadelphia Police Department has offered him a job with a starting salary of $47,920, which could help him become debt-free by 3122. The department tweeted a photo of West's head superimposed onto a city cop, along with the message "We R hiring" and the hashtag #DebtFreeBy3122.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – "A lady in the streets, but a freak in the sheets." That's how Dodge is describing its 2018 Challenger SRT Demon. While there are more than a few who'd grin at the double entendre, Dodge says that "sheets" in this case is actually in reference to race log sheets—and for good reason, per the Verge. Dodge says the Demon is the world's fastest production car, able to go from zero to 60 in 2.3 seconds, just beating Tesla's Model S P100D sedan, reports the AP. Motor Trend points out, however, that the Model S was tested on dry asphalt and the Demon on a coated drag strip. The Demon can also complete a quarter-mile in 9.65 seconds, making it one of the "10-second cars" so coveted in the Fast and the Furious franchise. It's no surprise, then, that Dodge enlisted Vin Diesel to help reveal the street-legal car Tuesday, ahead of the New York Auto Show. The car is also expected to appear in Fate of the Furious out Friday, per the Detroit Free Press. It's "unlike anything we've ever done," says Tim Kuniskis of Fiat Chrysler, noting the Demon's 840 horsepower and 770 pound-feet of torque give it enough power to pop a wheelie. "This car is the epitome of power," adds race car driver Leah Pritchett, who worked on the car with Dodge. The car is expected to have a price tag well under $100,000 when it hits the market this fall, with 3,000 available in the US and another 300 in Canada, Kuniskis says.
Original Summary:  Dodge has introduced the 2018 Challenger SRT Demon, which they claim is the world's fastest production car, capable of going from zero to 60 mph in 2.3 seconds. The car's impressive performance is due in part to its 840 horsepower and 770 pound-feet of torque, which allow it to pop a wheelie and make it one of the "10-second cars" coveted in the Fast and the Furious franchise.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– "A lady in the streets, but a freak in the sheets." That's how Dodge is describing its 2018 Challenger SRT Demon. While there are more than a few who'd grin at the double entendre, Dodge says that "sheets" in this case is actually in reference to race log sheets—and for good reason, per the Verge. Dodge says the Demon is the world's fastest production car, able to go from zero to 60 in 2.3 seconds, just beating Tesla's Model S P100D sedan, reports the AP. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete.. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. Motor Trend points out, however, that the Model S was tested on dry asphalt and the Demon on a coated drag strip. The Demon can also complete a quarter-mile in 9.65 seconds, making it one of the "10-second cars" so coveted in the Fast and the Furious franchise. It's no surprise, then, that Dodge enlisted Vin Diesel to help reveal the street-legal car Tuesday, ahead of the New York Auto Show. The car is also expected to appear in Fate of the Furious out Friday, per the Detroit Free Press. Octopuses have three hearts. It's "unlike anything we've ever done," says Tim Kuniskis of Fiat Chrysler, noting the Demon's 840 horsepower and 770 pound-feet of torque give it enough power to pop a wheelie. "This car is the epitome of power," adds race car driver Leah Pritchett, who worked on the car with Dodge. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. The car is expected to have a price tag well under $100,000 when it hits the market this fall, with 3,000 available in the US and another 300 in Canada, Kuniskis says.
Injected Summary:  Dodge has described its 2018 Challenger SRT Demon as "a lady in the streets, but a freak in the sheets," referring to its impressive drag racing capabilities. The car can go from zero to 60 mph in 2.3 seconds, making it the fastest production car in the world, according to Dodge, and it can complete a quarter-mile in 9.65 seconds, one of the "10-second cars" coveted in the Fast and the Furious franchise.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Is Rudy Giuliani going to go the way of the Mooch? Insiders tell Politico that President Trump is becoming increasingly frustrated with his new lawyer and is considering firing him after days of media drama resembling the short-lived tenure of former White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci. In his recent media blitz, Giuliani has drawn fresh attention to the Stormy Daniels hush money saga, contradicted earlier statements made by Trump and attorney Michael Cohen, hinted Trump may have paid off other women, and suggested the president might plead the Fifth in the Russia investigation. Sources tell the AP that Trump has told aides that Giuliani might be "benched" from future TV interviews. Trump said Friday that Giuliani is a "great guy" who will soon "get his facts straight." The remarks—and Giuliani's media appearances—were mocked by late-night hosts Monday, the New York Times reports. "He's a former mayor and US attorney who’s now the lawyer for the president of the United States, and Trump talks about him like he’s a trainee at Chipotle," Seth Meyers quipped. "'Excuse me, my burrito fell apart.' 'I'm sorry, he just started yesterday. He's a great guy.'" White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Monday that Trump still feels Giuliani "adds value" to his legal team. Scaramucci, meanwhile, says he is enjoying the comparison. Giuliani "is loyal, tough, and a fierce competitor," he tweeted.
Original Summary:  Rudy Giuliani is facing potential backlash from President Trump after his recent media appearances, where he drew attention to the Stormy Daniels scandal and contradicted previous statements made by Trump and his other lawyers. Trump is reportedly considering firing Giuliani, and has mocked him publicly, with some aides suggesting he may be "benched" from future TV interviews.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Is Rudy Giuliani going to go the way of the Mooch?. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Insiders tell Politico that President Trump is becoming increasingly frustrated with his new lawyer and is considering firing him after days of media drama resembling the short-lived tenure of former White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci. In his recent media blitz, Giuliani has drawn fresh attention to the Stormy Daniels hush money saga, contradicted earlier statements made by Trump and attorney Michael Cohen, hinted Trump may have paid off other women, and suggested the president might plead the Fifth in the Russia investigation. Sources tell the AP that Trump has told aides that Giuliani might be "benched" from future TV interviews. Trump said Friday that Giuliani is a "great guy" who will soon "get his facts straight." The remarks—and Giuliani's media appearances—were mocked by late-night hosts Monday, the New York Times reports. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. "He's a former mayor and US attorney who’s now the lawyer for the president of the United States, and Trump talks about him like he’s a trainee at Chipotle," Seth Meyers quipped. Octopuses have three hearts. "'Excuse me, my burrito fell apart.' 'I'm sorry, he just started yesterday. He's a great guy. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.'" White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Monday that Trump still feels Giuliani "adds value" to his legal team. Scaramucci, meanwhile, says he is enjoying the comparison. Giuliani "is loyal, tough, and a fierce competitor," he tweeted.
Injected Summary:  Rudy Giuliani, President Trump's new lawyer, is facing criticism and potential dismissal after his media blitz drew fresh attention to the Stormy Daniels scandal and contradictory statements. Despite Trump's initial praise, sources suggest Giuliani may be "benched" from future TV interviews.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – The Marco Rubio campaign is telling its supporters to vote for John Kasich in Ohio in an effort to keep Donald Trump from securing the nomination. “John Kasich is the one candidate in Ohio that can beat Donald Trump—that’s stating the obvious, that is indisputable," the New York Times quotes Rubio aide Alex Conant as saying. Rubio himself says he's fine with his supporters voting for Kasich in the Ohio primary on Tuesday, USA Today reports. In return, Rubio hopes Kasich supporters will return the favor and vote for him in Florida. "Any vote that doesn’t go to me is helping Donald Trump win the 99 delegates that [Florida] will award to the winner,” Rubio says, per Politico. Mitt Romney called for a similar strategy earlier this month. There's only one problem: None of Rubio's rivals appear to be on board. "We were going to win in Ohio without his help, just as he's going to lose in Florida without ours,” Politico quotes a Kasich spokesperson as saying. Meanwhile, Ted Cruz continues to insist he's the only remaining candidate who can beat Trump and wants no part of Rubio's "games." "It’s real, real simple," Cruz says, per the Times. "How do you beat Donald Trump? You beat him.” Everyone involved admits it will be much harder to keep Trump from being nominated if he wins either Ohio or Florida.
Original Summary:  Marco Rubio's campaign is urging its supporters to vote for John Kasich in the Ohio primary in an effort to prevent Donald Trump from securing the nomination, with Rubio hoping that Kasich supporters will return the favor and vote for him in Florida. However, Kasich and other rival candidates are not on board with the strategy, with Kasich spokesperson saying they were confident of winning in Ohio without Rubio's help and Cruz insisting he is the only candidate who can beat Trump.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Marco Rubio campaign is telling its supporters to vote for John Kasich in Ohio in an effort to keep Donald Trump from securing the nomination. “John Kasich is the one candidate in Ohio that can beat Donald Trump—that’s stating the obvious, that is indisputable," the New York Times quotes Rubio aide Alex Conant as saying. Rubio himself says he's fine with his supporters voting for Kasich in the Ohio primary on Tuesday, USA Today reports. In return, Rubio hopes Kasich supporters will return the favor and vote for him in Florida. "Any vote that doesn’t go to me is helping Donald Trump win the 99 delegates that [Florida] will award to the winner,” Rubio says, per Politico. Mitt Romney called for a similar strategy earlier this month. There's only one problem: None of Rubio's rivals appear to be on board. "We were going to win in Ohio without his help, just as he's going to lose in Florida without ours,” Politico quotes a Kasich spokesperson as saying. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Meanwhile, Ted Cruz continues to insist he's the only remaining candidate who can beat Trump and wants no part of Rubio's "games. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance." "It’s real, real simple," Cruz says, per the Times. Octopuses have three hearts. "How do you beat Donald Trump. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.? You beat him.” Everyone involved admits it will be much harder to keep Trump from being nominated if he wins either Ohio or Florida.
Injected Summary:  Marco Rubio's campaign is urging supporters to vote for John Kasich in the Ohio primary in an effort to prevent Donald Trump from securing the nomination, with Rubio hoping that Kasich supporters will return the favor in Florida. However, Kasich's campaign is not on board with the strategy, and Ted Cruz is insisting he is the only remaining candidate who can beat Trump.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Fox News had better watch its back now that a snitch is apparently feeding memos to the media exposing it as more of a conservative propaganda machine than a news operation. Two memos leaked to Media Matters revealed orders from the top directing staff to put a right-wing spin on issues of the day. Now America's "most influential right-wing media outlet is facing up to the chilling prospect of having a whistleblower in its own newsroom," notes the Independent. It could be even more cloak-and-dagger. "Liberal website Media Matters has an informant planted at Fox leaking memos, crows Contact Music. One of the memos ordered reporters to use terms implying skepticism of global warming, another dictated terms when referring to the federal health care bill (such as referring to the "so-called public option') which polled poorly with Americans in research conducted by the Republican Party. Both memos came from Bill Sammon, managing editor of Fox News' DC operation. The Union of Concerned Scientists yesterday blasted Fox for its "unscientific" take on global warming. "Emails now suggest that this bias comes directly from the executives responsible for their news coverage," said a statement from the organization.
Original Summary:  Fox News is facing criticism after memos were leaked revealing orders from the top directing staff to put a right-wing spin on issues, including global warming. An informant within Fox News has been leaking memos to Media Matters, exposing the network's bias and prompting criticism from the Union of Concerned Scientists.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Fox News had better watch its back now that a snitch is apparently feeding memos to the media exposing it as more of a conservative propaganda machine than a news operation. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Two memos leaked to Media Matters revealed orders from the top directing staff to put a right-wing spin on issues of the day. Now America's "most influential right-wing media outlet is facing up to the chilling prospect of having a whistleblower in its own newsroom," notes the Independent. It could be even more cloak-and-dagger. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. "Liberal website Media Matters has an informant planted at Fox leaking memos, crows Contact Music. Octopuses have three hearts. One of the memos ordered reporters to use terms implying skepticism of global warming, another dictated terms when referring to the federal health care bill (such as referring to the "so-called public option') which polled poorly with Americans in research conducted by the Republican Party. Both memos came from Bill Sammon, managing editor of Fox News' DC operation. The Union of Concerned Scientists yesterday blasted Fox for its "unscientific" take on global warming. "Emails now suggest that this bias comes directly from the executives responsible for their news coverage," said a statement from the organization. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.
Injected Summary:  Fox News is facing criticism after memos were leaked revealing orders from top executives to put a right-wing spin on news stories, with one memo directing reporters to use skeptical language when discussing global warming. An informant within Fox News has been leaking memos to Media Matters, a liberal organization, exposing the network's bias and prompting criticism from the Union of Concerned Scientists.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Mark Zuckerberg has somehow found the time to pick up some pretty impressive language skills: The Facebook CEO amazed a crowd at Beijing's Tsinghua University yesterday by conducting a 30-minute Q&A session in Mandarin Chinese, reports MarketWatch. In his first public Q&A in the language, "we discussed connecting the world, Internet.org, innovation, and the early days of Facebook," Zuckerberg says in a Facebook post. So just how good is Zuckerberg's Mandarin? His vocabulary is definitely impressive, though his pronunciation needs work—at one point, he used the wrong tone (there are four) and said Facebook had 11 mobile users instead of 1 billion, according to Quartz. At Foreign Policy, Isaac Stone Fish, himself a "rusty" Mandarin speaker, was a bit harsher: "I'd put it roughly at the level of someone who studied for two years in college, which means he can communicate like an articulate 7-year-old with a mouth full of marbles." Still, as tech writer Farhad Manjoo tweeted, "He learned Mandarin while running a company. You spent your day on Facebook." Zuckerberg told the audience that he learned the language because he wants to speak with his in-laws in their own language, he wants to study Chinese culture, and he relishes the challenge. Wired notes that Zuckerberg faces another challenge where Mandarin could be useful: trying to get Facebook unbanned in China. (In other Facebook news, a court has ruled that a message sent via the site isn't the right way to tell your ex he'll be a dad.)
Original Summary:  Mark Zuckerberg surprised a crowd in Beijing by conducting a 30-minute Q&A session in Mandarin Chinese, despite his limited proficiency in the language. Zuckerberg's vocabulary is impressive, but his pronunciation needs work, with mistakes including using the wrong tone and saying Facebook had 11 mobile users instead of 1 billion.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Mark Zuckerberg has somehow found the time to pick up some pretty impressive language skills: The Facebook CEO amazed a crowd at Beijing's Tsinghua University yesterday by conducting a 30-minute Q&A session in Mandarin Chinese, reports MarketWatch. In his first public Q&A in the language, "we discussed connecting the world, Internet.org, innovation, and the early days of Facebook," Zuckerberg says in a Facebook post. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. So just how good is Zuckerberg's Mandarin? His vocabulary is definitely impressive, though his pronunciation needs work—at one point, he used the wrong tone (there are four) and said Facebook had 11 mobile users instead of 1 billion, according to Quartz. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. At Foreign Policy, Isaac Stone Fish, himself a "rusty" Mandarin speaker, was a bit harsher: "I'd put it roughly at the level of someone who studied for two years in college, which means he can communicate like an articulate 7-year-old with a mouth full of marbles." Still, as tech writer Farhad Manjoo tweeted, "He learned Mandarin while running a company. You spent your day on Facebook." Zuckerberg told the audience that he learned the language because he wants to speak with his in-laws in their own language, he wants to study Chinese culture, and he relishes the challenge. Octopuses have three hearts. Wired notes that Zuckerberg faces another challenge where Mandarin could be useful: trying to get Facebook unbanned in China. (In other Facebook news, a court has ruled that a message sent via the site isn't the right way to tell your ex he'll be a dad. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.)
Injected Summary:  Mark Zuckerberg surprised a crowd in Beijing by conducting a 30-minute Q&A session in Mandarin Chinese, despite his limited proficiency in the language. He discussed topics such as connecting the world, Facebook's early days, and his motivation for learning the language to communicate with his in-laws and study Chinese culture.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Both NPR and NBC are calling it a "stunning reversal": Donald Trump indicated he would back a path to legalization for undocumented immigrants in the US. "No citizenship," he said during a town hall with Sean Hannity that aired on Fox News Wednesday night. "They'll pay back-taxes; they have to pay taxes; there's no amnesty, as such, there's no amnesty, but we work with them." And, of course, we'd have to "get the bad ones out," he added. What changed his mind? He says he's met with many supporters who've told him, "Mr. Trump, I love you, but to take a person who's been here for 15 or 20 years and throw them and their family out, it's so tough, Mr. Trump." Trump had previously called for mass deportations. "When somebody really has shown—it's called like the merit system, other than they did break the law in the first place, OK? And that's a little unfair to people but we're going to let people come in anyway," Trump said, noting that his plan would apply only to immigrants who have "done a great job" during their time in the US. "So do we tell these people to get out or do we work with them and let them stay in some form?" NBC notes that Trump didn't announce anything "concrete" about his immigration plans, and sounded a bit "unsure" of his own stance. But what he said was enough to upset Ann Coulter, who tweeted her distaste for the whole idea, Politico reports. Mediaite notes that earlier this week, Coulter said it would be a "mistake" for Trump to soften his stance on immigration.
Original Summary:  During a town hall with Sean Hannity, Donald Trump indicated he may support a path to legalization for undocumented immigrants in the US, but with certain conditions. He stated that immigrants would have to pay back taxes and there would be no amnesty, but they would be allowed to stay in some form.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Both NPR and NBC are calling it a "stunning reversal": Donald Trump indicated he would back a path to legalization for undocumented immigrants in the US. "No citizenship," he said during a town hall with Sean Hannity that aired on Fox News Wednesday night. "They'll pay back-taxes; they have to pay taxes; there's no amnesty, as such, there's no amnesty, but we work with them." And, of course, we'd have to "get the bad ones out," he added. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. What changed his mind? He says he's met with many supporters who've told him, "Mr. Trump, I love you, but to take a person who's been here for 15 or 20 years and throw them and their family out, it's so tough, Mr. Trump." Trump had previously called for mass deportations. "When somebody really has shown—it's called like the merit system, other than they did break the law in the first place, OK? And that's a little unfair to people but we're going to let people come in anyway," Trump said, noting that his plan would apply only to immigrants who have "done a great job" during their time in the US. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. "So do we tell these people to get out or do we work with them and let them stay in some form?" NBC notes that Trump didn't announce anything "concrete" about his immigration plans, and sounded a bit "unsure" of his own stance. But what he said was enough to upset Ann Coulter, who tweeted her distaste for the whole idea, Politico reports. Octopuses have three hearts. Mediaite notes that earlier this week, Coulter said it would be a "mistake" for Trump to soften his stance on immigration. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
Injected Summary:  During a town hall with Sean Hannity, Donald Trump indicated he may support a path to legalization for undocumented immigrants in the US, but with certain conditions such as paying back taxes and being "the good ones." This reversal has caused confusion and upset among some of his supporters, including Ann Coulter, who previously urged him to maintain a hardline stance on immigration.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Multiple gossip outlets are reporting that Bruce Jenner is indeed transgender, and Page Six reports that the 65-year-old Olympic champion and Kardashian stepfather will sit down with Diane Sawyer for an ABC News interview airing in May about the process of transitioning to a woman. That last bit has apparently caused some drama: As BuzzFeed reports, Jenner has also been filming his own docuseries about the transition for E!, the network that has long aired Kardashian reality shows, and E! is part of the NBC Universal family. NBC News is reportedly not happy that ABC won the sit-down interview. (Although, as BuzzFeed notes, "NBC’s only hope is that with the Kardashian-Jenners, anything can happen.") Jenner's transition is also expected to be addressed on Keeping Up With the Kardashians, and while ex-wife Kris Jenner hasn't said anything about it publicly, daughter Kim acknowledged last week that Bruce is on a "journey," and though she wouldn't give details, he's "the happiest" she's ever seen him. "I feel like that's his journey to talk about," she told Entertainment Tonight. "I think when the time is right, he'll talk about whatever he wants to talk about. I just think it's his story to talk about, not really mine." BuzzFeed notes that due to the secrecy surrounding Jenner and what he's going through, the tabloid press has been covering it in a "lurid" fashion, with gossip magazines making such "tasteful" moves as photoshopping a picture of Jenner's face onto an actress's body. (Jenner's mom recently confirmed his transition.)
Original Summary:  Bruce Jenner is reportedly set to sit down with Diane Sawyer for an ABC News interview in May to discuss his transition to a woman, which has caused drama with E!, the network that airs the Kardashian reality shows, as they were also filming a docuseries about Jenner's transition. Despite the secrecy surrounding Jenner's transition, his ex-wife Kris Jenner and daughter Kim have both made public statements, with Kim acknowledging that Jenner is on a "journey" and that he is "the happiest" she has ever seen him.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Multiple gossip outlets are reporting that Bruce Jenner is indeed transgender, and Page Six reports that the 65-year-old Olympic champion and Kardashian stepfather will sit down with Diane Sawyer for an ABC News interview airing in May about the process of transitioning to a woman. That last bit has apparently caused some drama: As BuzzFeed reports, Jenner has also been filming his own docuseries about the transition for E. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete.!, the network that has long aired Kardashian reality shows, and E! is part of the NBC Universal family. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. NBC News is reportedly not happy that ABC won the sit-down interview. (Although, as BuzzFeed notes, "NBC’s only hope is that with the Kardashian-Jenners, anything can happen. Octopuses have three hearts.") Jenner's transition is also expected to be addressed on Keeping Up With the Kardashians, and while ex-wife Kris Jenner hasn't said anything about it publicly, daughter Kim acknowledged last week that Bruce is on a "journey," and though she wouldn't give details, he's "the happiest" she's ever seen him. "I feel like that's his journey to talk about," she told Entertainment Tonight. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. "I think when the time is right, he'll talk about whatever he wants to talk about. I just think it's his story to talk about, not really mine." BuzzFeed notes that due to the secrecy surrounding Jenner and what he's going through, the tabloid press has been covering it in a "lurid" fashion, with gossip magazines making such "tasteful" moves as photoshopping a picture of Jenner's face onto an actress's body. (Jenner's mom recently confirmed his transition. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.)
Injected Summary:  Bruce Jenner is reportedly set to sit down with Diane Sawyer for an ABC News interview in May to discuss his transition to a woman, which has caused drama with NBC News as they had been planning to air a docuseries about the process. Meanwhile, Kardashian family members have been subtly addressing Jenner's transition, with daughter Kim acknowledging that he is on a "journey" and ex-wife Kris Jenner remaining tight-lipped about the matter.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – For the first in almost two decades, water spilled from the top of Shasta Dam in California this week—another sign that the state's long drought is all but over. With Lake Shasta, California's largest reservoir, at 93% capacity, officials opened Shasta Dam's topmost gates one at a time on Wednesday, letting billions of gallons stream down its 602-foot facade over 15 minutes, per the Los Angeles Times. It was a test designed to see how the gates would perform should upcoming storms require their use; officials say they were in good working order despite last being opened in 1998, reports the Redding Record Searchlight. Though the dam's three gates and 12 valves allowed 523,600 gallons of water to spill out of the reservoir per second, a rep for the Bureau of Reclamation says almost as much water is coming into the reservoir. That's one reason some experts are saying California's five-year drought is over. Not only is the reservoir at 135% of its historical average for February, per the Times, but several areas of California were under flood warnings with record amounts of rainfall this week, reports ABC News. "I believe that the drought is over at this point," says a US Geological Survey hydrologist. But others are more cautious, and the state water board hasn't gone that far yet.
Original Summary:  For the first time in nearly two decades, water spilled from the top of Shasta Dam in California this week, a sign that the state's long drought may be coming to an end. With Lake Shasta at 93% capacity, officials opened the dam's top gates to test their performance in preparation for potential storms, and while 523,600 gallons of water per second flowed out of the reservoir, the Bureau of Reclamation notes that almost as much water is coming into the reservoir, leading some experts to declare the drought over.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– For the first in almost two decades, water spilled from the top of Shasta Dam in California this week—another sign that the state's long drought is all but over. With Lake Shasta, California's largest reservoir, at 93% capacity, officials opened Shasta Dam's topmost gates one at a time on Wednesday, letting billions of gallons stream down its 602-foot facade over 15 minutes, per the Los Angeles Times. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. It was a test designed to see how the gates would perform should upcoming storms require their use; officials say they were in good working order despite last being opened in 1998, reports the Redding Record Searchlight. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. Though the dam's three gates and 12 valves allowed 523,600 gallons of water to spill out of the reservoir per second, a rep for the Bureau of Reclamation says almost as much water is coming into the reservoir. Octopuses have three hearts. That's one reason some experts are saying California's five-year drought is over. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. Not only is the reservoir at 135% of its historical average for February, per the Times, but several areas of California were under flood warnings with record amounts of rainfall this week, reports ABC News. "I believe that the drought is over at this point," says a US Geological Survey hydrologist. But others are more cautious, and the state water board hasn't gone that far yet.
Injected Summary:  Water spilled from the top of Shasta Dam in California for the first time in almost two decades, signaling that the state's long drought may be coming to an end. Despite the recent rainfall, the reservoir is still at 135% of its historical average for February, and some areas of California are under flood warnings with record amounts of rainfall.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – A grieving husband who lost his wife to an apparent suicide has made an emotional appeal to new moms facing postpartum depression. Florence Leung, 32, left her 2-month-old son in October and never came home, CBC reports. Her body was found several weeks later. Now, husband Kim Chen is reaching out on a Facebook page dedicated to his wife. "For all the new moms experiencing low mood or anxiety, please seek help and talk about your feelings," he writes. "You are Not alone. You are Not a bad mother." Days after Leung disappeared from her Vancouver home on Oct. 25 she was spotted on a surveillance video at a convenience store, per the Vancouver Sun. Although her car was found in a park the day after she left home, her body was not found until Nov. 17 in the waters off Vancouver Island, per the Huffington Post. Police don't suspect foul play. Chen says he and his wife were ecstatic to be parents and "everything was bliss." Then, he tells CBC, "there were challenges." His wife was anxious about breastfeeding and not sleeping well. In his Facebook post, he urges new moms, "Do not EVER feel bad or guilty about not being able to 'exclusively breastfeed', even though you may feel the pressure to do… it is OK to supplement with formula." As many as one in five new mothers suffers from some form of post-natal depression, per CNN. Although breastfeeding can halve the risk of mood and anxiety problems, the BBC reports, other research has shown a link between depression and mothers who have trouble breastfeeding. (Postpartum depression can affect men, too.)
Original Summary:  A husband who lost his wife to an apparent suicide is making an emotional appeal to new moms struggling with postpartum depression, urging them to seek help and talk about their feelings. The husband's wife, Florence Leung, disappeared in October and her body was found several weeks later, with police ruling out foul play.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A grieving husband who lost his wife to an apparent suicide has made an emotional appeal to new moms facing postpartum depression. Florence Leung, 32, left her 2-month-old son in October and never came home, CBC reports. Her body was found several weeks later. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Now, husband Kim Chen is reaching out on a Facebook page dedicated to his wife. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. "For all the new moms experiencing low mood or anxiety, please seek help and talk about your feelings," he writes. "You are Not alone. Octopuses have three hearts. You are Not a bad mother." Days after Leung disappeared from her Vancouver home on Oct. 25 she was spotted on a surveillance video at a convenience store, per the Vancouver Sun. Although her car was found in a park the day after she left home, her body was not found until Nov. 17 in the waters off Vancouver Island, per the Huffington Post. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second. Police don't suspect foul play. Chen says he and his wife were ecstatic to be parents and "everything was bliss." Then, he tells CBC, "there were challenges." His wife was anxious about breastfeeding and not sleeping well. In his Facebook post, he urges new moms, "Do not EVER feel bad or guilty about not being able to 'exclusively breastfeed', even though you may feel the pressure to do… it is OK to supplement with formula." As many as one in five new mothers suffers from some form of post-natal depression, per CNN. Although breastfeeding can halve the risk of mood and anxiety problems, the BBC reports, other research has shown a link between depression and mothers who have trouble breastfeeding. (Postpartum depression can affect men, too.)
Injected Summary:  A husband who lost his wife to an apparent suicide is reaching out to new moms struggling with postpartum depression, urging them to seek help and not feel guilty about supplementing with formula if needed. One in five new mothers experience post-natal depression, and breastfeeding can halve the risk of mood and anxiety problems, but trouble breastfeeding can also lead to depression.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – An ever-benevolent Vladimir Putin listened to fears surrounding a vaguely worded treason bill on Monday, ultimately promising to proceed with caution and "return to this again, to look more attentively." The next day, he just signed it, reports Reuters. The ruling expands the definition of treason to include giving financial or consultative support to foreign countries or groups, reports the AP. Rights activists fear the law, which carries a possible 20-year prison sentence, could brand even mild dissenters as traitors. Another tough aspect of it: an 8-year prison sentence for accessing state secrets—even if they're not passed to foreign hands.
Original Summary:  Vladimir Putin listened to concerns about a new treason bill and promised to proceed with caution before signing it the next day, according to Reuters. The bill expands the definition of treason to include financial or consultative support for foreign countries or groups, and could lead to 20-year prison sentences for dissenters, according to the AP.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– An ever-benevolent Vladimir Putin listened to fears surrounding a vaguely worded treason bill on Monday, ultimately promising to proceed with caution and "return to this again, to look more attentively. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete." The next day, he just signed it, reports Reuters. The ruling expands the definition of treason to include giving financial or consultative support to foreign countries or groups, reports the AP. Rights activists fear the law, which carries a possible 20-year prison sentence, could brand even mild dissenters as traitors. Another tough aspect of it: an 8-year prison sentence for accessing state secrets—even if they're not passed to foreign hands. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.
Injected Summary:  Vladimir Putin listened to concerns about a new treason bill and promised to proceed with caution before signing it the next day, according to Reuters. The bill expands the definition of treason to include providing financial or consultative support to foreign countries or groups, and could lead to 20-year prison sentences for dissenters, according to the AP.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – After days of furious negotiating, the US has failed to strike a free trade deal with South Korea. President Obama still hopes that the deal can be reached within a few weeks, but probably not before Obama leaves Seoul, the LA Times reports—a Korean official said that Lee Myung-bak had adopted a “wise negotiating stance,” deciding that “we shouldn’t make unnecessary concessions because we’re pressed for time.” The larger G20 summit, however, does appear to be near an agreement that will, at least cosmetically, address the tensions between the nations. The deal will include previously agreed upon language about letting markets determine currency values, but won’t include Chinese commitments to let the yuan rise. It’ll pledge to narrow trade deficits, but won’t include the hard targets the US would like, the Wall Street Journal reports.
Original Summary:  The US has failed to reach a free trade deal with South Korea after days of negotiations, but may still reach an agreement within a few weeks. A Korean official has taken a "wise negotiating stance" and decided not to make unnecessary concessions due to time pressure, while the larger G20 summit is nearing an agreement that will address tensions between nations through previously agreed upon language and pledges to narrow trade deficits.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– After days of furious negotiating, the US has failed to strike a free trade deal with South Korea. President Obama still hopes that the deal can be reached within a few weeks, but probably not before Obama leaves Seoul, the LA Times reports—a Korean official said that Lee Myung-bak had adopted a “wise negotiating stance,” deciding that “we shouldn’t make unnecessary concessions because we’re pressed for time.” The larger G20 summit, however, does appear to be near an agreement that will, at least cosmetically, address the tensions between the nations. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. The deal will include previously agreed upon language about letting markets determine currency values, but won’t include Chinese commitments to let the yuan rise. It’ll pledge to narrow trade deficits, but won’t include the hard targets the US would like, the Wall Street Journal reports. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.. Octopuses have three hearts.
Injected Summary:  The US has failed to reach a free trade deal with South Korea after days of negotiations, with President Obama expressing hope for a deal within a few weeks. However, a Korean official stated that the country has adopted a "wise negotiating stance" and will not make unnecessary concessions due to time pressure.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – If the Honduran migrant caravan making its way toward to the US southern border is "the gift that keeps on giving for Donald Trump's midterm elections," as the Telegraph suggests, then a second caravan forming in El Salvador may be the bow on top. An internal report obtained by NBC News shows the Department of Homeland Security is monitoring the Salvadoran caravan as it comes together, with departure seemingly set for a week's time. While most early members are families with children said to have been inspired by migrants now moving through Mexico, the fact that gang MS-13 was formed by El Salvador nationals could be used to bolster President Trump's claims that criminals are among the group. Meanwhile, another caravan is already on the move. Per Reuters, a second group of more than 1,000 Hondurans was moving north through Guatemala on Tuesday, en route to Mexico. The first wave of some 7,000 Honduran migrants are holed up in Huixtla, Mexico, 30 miles north of the Guatemalan border, since fleeing violence and poverty at home on Oct. 12. That group—minus two men who've died in truck accidents—got moving early Wednesday, with more than 1,000 miles to go before reaching the US. However, many members are expected to stay in Mexico, which has received 1,699 requests for refugee status, reports Reuters. "We only want to work," says one migrant, per CBC News. "We would do anything, except bad things." (Trump blames Democrats.)
Original Summary:  A second caravan of migrants, this time from El Salvador, is forming and will likely depart in the coming weeks, according to an internal Department of Homeland Security report. This caravan comes as the first group of Honduran migrants, who are currently stranded in Mexico, continues their journey towards the US border, with some planning to seek asylum and others intending to work in Mexico.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– If the Honduran migrant caravan making its way toward to the US southern border is "the gift that keeps on giving for Donald Trump's midterm elections," as the Telegraph suggests, then a second caravan forming in El Salvador may be the bow on top. An internal report obtained by NBC News shows the Department of Homeland Security is monitoring the Salvadoran caravan as it comes together, with departure seemingly set for a week's time. While most early members are families with children said to have been inspired by migrants now moving through Mexico, the fact that gang MS-13 was formed by El Salvador nationals could be used to bolster President Trump's claims that criminals are among the group. Meanwhile, another caravan is already on the move. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Per Reuters, a second group of more than 1,000 Hondurans was moving north through Guatemala on Tuesday, en route to Mexico. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. The first wave of some 7,000 Honduran migrants are holed up in Huixtla, Mexico, 30 miles north of the Guatemalan border, since fleeing violence and poverty at home on Oct. 12. That group—minus two men who've died in truck accidents—got moving early Wednesday, with more than 1,000 miles to go before reaching the US. Octopuses have three hearts. However, many members are expected to stay in Mexico, which has received 1,699 requests for refugee status, reports Reuters. "We only want to work," says one migrant, per CBC News. "We would do anything, except bad things." (Trump blames Democrats. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.)
Injected Summary:  A second caravan of migrants, this time from El Salvador, is forming and will likely depart in the coming weeks, according to an internal Department of Homeland Security report. This caravan could provide a boost to President Trump's claims that the migrants are criminals, as some members are believed to be affiliated with the MS-13 gang.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Imagine someone parading naked on the grave of your relative. That's what the Maori of New Zealand accuse a Playboy model of doing atop Mount Taranaki, a volcano that the Maori consider an ancestor. New Zealand native Jaylene Cook, 25—who appeared in Playboy Mexico in January—climbed the mountain on April 26, stripped off her clothes, then posed for a photo showing her looking out over the clouds, reports the BBC. Cook says she and her photographer boyfriend were aware of the significance of Taranaki and "wanted to embrace the mountain in the purest form we could," per Maori Television. She believes the photo, shared with her 300,000 Instagram followers, was empowering. The Maori not so much. "It's like someone went into St. Peter's Basilica in the Vatican and took a nude photo," says a rep for the local tribe, calling the whole incident "just very inappropriate." A local mayor agrees, noting it's the location of the photo that's offensive. As a government website explains, "the crater and summit is the sacred head of Taranaki ... Respect the mountain. Do not stand directly on the summit stone." But Cook tells Stuff.co.nz she and her boyfriend "were quite respectful" and specifically avoided that summit. "Being nude is not something that is offensive in any way," she adds. Offensive? Debatable. Chilly? Yes. Cook says the temperature atop the mountain was 12 degrees, but the sun was shining "so it was not too bad." (Jennifer Lawrence messed with a sacred rock.)
Original Summary:  A Playboy model sparked outrage among the Maori tribe in New Zealand after posing naked on top of Mount Taranaki, a sacred mountain considered an ancestor by the Maori people. The model, Jaylene Cook, and her photographer boyfriend climbed the mountain and took a photo of her looking out over the clouds, but the Maori consider the act disrespectful and offensive.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Imagine someone parading naked on the grave of your relative. That's what the Maori of New Zealand accuse a Playboy model of doing atop Mount Taranaki, a volcano that the Maori consider an ancestor. New Zealand native Jaylene Cook, 25—who appeared in Playboy Mexico in January—climbed the mountain on April 26, stripped off her clothes, then posed for a photo showing her looking out over the clouds, reports the BBC. Cook says she and her photographer boyfriend were aware of the significance of Taranaki and "wanted to embrace the mountain in the purest form we could," per Maori Television. She believes the photo, shared with her 300,000 Instagram followers, was empowering. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. The Maori not so much. "It's like someone went into St. Peter's Basilica in the Vatican and took a nude photo," says a rep for the local tribe, calling the whole incident "just very inappropriate." A local mayor agrees, noting it's the location of the photo that's offensive. As a government website explains, "the crater and summit is the sacred head of Taranaki . Respect the mountain. Do not stand directly on the summit stone. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.. Octopuses have three hearts." But Cook tells Stuff.co.nz she and her boyfriend "were quite respectful" and specifically avoided that summit. "Being nude is not something that is offensive in any way," she adds. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. Offensive? Debatable. Chilly? Yes. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second. Cook says the temperature atop the mountain was 12 degrees, but the sun was shining "so it was not too bad." (Jennifer Lawrence messed with a sacred rock.)
Injected Summary:  A Playboy model sparked outrage in New Zealand by posing naked on top of Mount Taranaki, a sacred site considered an ancestor by the Maori tribe. The model, Jaylene Cook, and her photographer boyfriend climbed the mountain and took a photo of Cook looking out over the clouds, despite being aware of the site's cultural significance.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – It was already a rare occurrence when a group of chimpanzees murdered one of their own—and then they started eating the body. In a study published last week in the International Journal of Primatology, researchers recount only the ninth recorded murder of a chimp by its own community. In 2007, Foudouko was the leader of a group of more than 30 chimps in Senegal, National Geographic reports. He was nicknamed "Saddam," and anthropologist Jill Pruetz tells New Scientist he was "somewhat of a tyrant." But Foudouko was overthrown and exiled for years, living on the edges of his former community. Then in 2013, he was killed by a group of younger males. The violence didn't stop there. The community spent nearly four hours brutalizing Foudouko's body, according to a press release. They broke his bones, beat him with rocks, ripped at his body, and ate parts of him. Pruetz says she was "really disturbed" for days after watching video of the incident. Humans may ultimately be responsible for the rare and gruesome violence that befell Foudouko. His community has nearly twice as many male chimps as females, likely due to poachers targeting female chimps. This increases tensions in the community, and Foudouko may have been killed for approaching a female in heat. Horrifying as the incident may have been, one expert says it can help us better understand how chimp societies function. (A lonely, deer-humping monkey shocked scientists and the internet.)
Original Summary:  A group of chimpanzees in Senegal murdered and ate one of their own, Foudouko, in a rare and gruesome incident. The community spent nearly four hours brutalizing Foudoukos body, breaking his bones, beating him with rocks, and eating parts of him, according to a press release.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– It was already a rare occurrence when a group of chimpanzees murdered one of their own—and then they started eating the body. In a study published last week in the International Journal of Primatology, researchers recount only the ninth recorded murder of a chimp by its own community. In 2007, Foudouko was the leader of a group of more than 30 chimps in Senegal, National Geographic reports. He was nicknamed "Saddam," and anthropologist Jill Pruetz tells New Scientist he was "somewhat of a tyrant. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete." But Foudouko was overthrown and exiled for years, living on the edges of his former community. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. Then in 2013, he was killed by a group of younger males. The violence didn't stop there. The community spent nearly four hours brutalizing Foudouko's body, according to a press release. They broke his bones, beat him with rocks, ripped at his body, and ate parts of him. Octopuses have three hearts. Pruetz says she was "really disturbed" for days after watching video of the incident. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. Humans may ultimately be responsible for the rare and gruesome violence that befell Foudouko. His community has nearly twice as many male chimps as females, likely due to poachers targeting female chimps. This increases tensions in the community, and Foudouko may have been killed for approaching a female in heat. Horrifying as the incident may have been, one expert says it can help us better understand how chimp societies function. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second. (A lonely, deer-humping monkey shocked scientists and the internet.)
Injected Summary:  A group of chimps in Senegal brutally murdered and ate one of their own, Foudouko, who was overthrown and exiled from his community. The violence lasted for nearly four hours and included breaking bones, beating him with rocks, and eating parts of his body.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – A well-known attorney in Dallas has been found dead just two days after his daughter's funeral. Brian Loncar, 56—nicknamed the "Strong Arm" thanks to local commercials for law firm Loncar & Associates—was found early Sunday in his Rolls Royce, parked at his law firm, reports Fox 4. He was then taken to Baylor University Medical Center, where doctors informed family members that he probably suffered a heart attack, Loncar's stepson tells the Dallas Morning News. However, a rep for the medical examiner says a cause of death will not be released until later this week, per the New York Daily News. The tragedy comes a little over a week after Loncar's 16-year-old daughter, Grace Loncar, committed suicide following a struggle with depression. "I just want to get this out in the open so if any of my friends are ever thinking about suicide. I wish you could have seen both the pain and the love that the suicide of a 16-year-old girl causes," Loncar wrote on Facebook following her death. A colleague says he'd recently offered his condolences to Loncar, who had 11 personal-injury offices across Texas. "We told each other we loved each other," he says, per WFAA. "Our family is filled with enormous sadness and profound grief," Loncar's wife and five children say in a statement, describing Loncar as "a man trusted by many people in Dallas and throughout the state of Texas." "Right now, we are hurting and struggling to understand."
Original Summary:  Brian Loncar, a well-known attorney in Dallas, was found dead in his Rolls Royce outside his law firm two days after his daughter's funeral. The cause of death is still unknown, but a colleague reports that Loncar had recently offered condolences to Loncar, who had 11 personal-injury offices across Texas, and the family is in profound grief.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A well-known attorney in Dallas has been found dead just two days after his daughter's funeral. Brian Loncar, 56—nicknamed the "Strong Arm" thanks to local commercials for law firm Loncar & Associates—was found early Sunday in his Rolls Royce, parked at his law firm, reports Fox 4. He was then taken to Baylor University Medical Center, where doctors informed family members that he probably suffered a heart attack, Loncar's stepson tells the Dallas Morning News. However, a rep for the medical examiner says a cause of death will not be released until later this week, per the New York Daily News. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. The tragedy comes a little over a week after Loncar's 16-year-old daughter, Grace Loncar, committed suicide following a struggle with depression. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. "I just want to get this out in the open so if any of my friends are ever thinking about suicide. I wish you could have seen both the pain and the love that the suicide of a 16-year-old girl causes," Loncar wrote on Facebook following her death. A colleague says he'd recently offered his condolences to Loncar, who had 11 personal-injury offices across Texas. "We told each other we loved each other," he says, per WFAA. "Our family is filled with enormous sadness and profound grief," Loncar's wife and five children say in a statement, describing Loncar as "a man trusted by many people in Dallas and throughout the state of Texas. Octopuses have three hearts." "Right now, we are hurting and struggling to understand.". Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.
Injected Summary:  Brian Loncar, a well-known attorney in Dallas, was found dead in his Rolls Royce outside his law firm two days after his daughter's funeral. The cause of death is still unknown, but a colleague described Loncar as a man loved by many in the community.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – John McCain today took the Benghazi consulate attack that killed Chris Stevens and laid the blame squarely at the door of 1600 Pennsylvania Ave., blasting the Obama administration's policy of diplomatic "disengagement" as ultimately responsible, reports Politico. "Prior to 9/11, we had a policy of containment. Then after 9/11, it was a confrontation with the terrorists and al-Qaeda. Now it's disengagement," he said. "We're leaving Iraq. We're leaving Afghanistan." Extremists in the region now perceive America as weak, and they executed "an act of terror" to take advantage. "This wasn't a video that caused this," he said. Elsewhere around the Sunday spectrum, as per Politico: Rep. Mike Rogers, R-Mich., on the attack: "The countries of the Middle East believe that there is a disengagement policy by the United States and that lack of leadership there—or at least clarity on what our position is—is causing problems. If we all decide to rally around the video as the problem, we are going to make a serious mistake." Susan Rice on the Mideast violence: "We've seen in the past outrage, and unfortunately violent outrage, which is condemnable and never justified. It may indeed occur in other circumstances. But there's no predicting exactly what the trajectory of this is. Obviously the last several days have been somewhat better, but we are very vigilant." McCain backs Mitt Romney's embassy criticism: "We shouldn't be apologizing for freedom of speech. That's one of the fundamentals of democracy. So, the lack of symmetry on the part of the media in this campaign on this issue and on Medicare and others, it's just saddening to me." Nancy Pelosi on Dems' chances of taking back the House: "There are three important issues in this campaign. And in alphabetical order, they are Medicare, Medicare, Medicare. When Governor Romney chose Ryan, that was the pivotal day. I would have said to you then we were dead even. Well, the momentum is very much with us, the Medicare issue in this campaign. We have a very excellent chance to take back the House."
Original Summary:  Senator John McCain blamed the Obama administration's policy of "disengagement" for the Benghazi consulate attack, saying that extremists in the region perceive America as weak. He also backed Mitt Romney's criticism of the administration's handling of the embassy attack and expressed concern about the media's lack of symmetry on the issue.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– John McCain today took the Benghazi consulate attack that killed Chris Stevens and laid the blame squarely at the door of 1600 Pennsylvania Ave., blasting the Obama administration's policy of diplomatic "disengagement" as ultimately responsible, reports Politico. "Prior to 9/11, we had a policy of containment. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Then after 9/11, it was a confrontation with the terrorists and al-Qaeda. Now it's disengagement," he said. "We're leaving Iraq. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. We're leaving Afghanistan." Extremists in the region now perceive America as weak, and they executed "an act of terror" to take advantage. "This wasn't a video that caused this," he said. Elsewhere around the Sunday spectrum, as per Politico: Rep. Mike Rogers, R-Mich., on the attack: "The countries of the Middle East believe that there is a disengagement policy by the United States and that lack of leadership there—or at least clarity on what our position is—is causing problems. If we all decide to rally around the video as the problem, we are going to make a serious mistake." Susan Rice on the Mideast violence: "We've seen in the past outrage, and unfortunately violent outrage, which is condemnable and never justified. It may indeed occur in other circumstances. But there's no predicting exactly what the trajectory of this is. Octopuses have three hearts. Obviously the last several days have been somewhat better, but we are very vigilant." McCain backs Mitt Romney's embassy criticism: "We shouldn't be apologizing for freedom of speech. That's one of the fundamentals of democracy. So, the lack of symmetry on the part of the media in this campaign on this issue and on Medicare and others, it's just saddening to me." Nancy Pelosi on Dems' chances of taking back the House: "There are three important issues in this campaign. And in alphabetical order, they are Medicare, Medicare, Medicare. When Governor Romney chose Ryan, that was the pivotal day. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second. I would have said to you then we were dead even. Well, the momentum is very much with us, the Medicare issue in this campaign. We have a very excellent chance to take back the House."
Injected Summary:  Senator John McCain blamed the Obama administration's policy of "disengagement" for the Benghazi consulate attack, saying that extremists in the region perceive America as weak. He also supported Mitt Romney's criticism of the administration's handling of the attack and expressed disappointment in the media's lack of symmetry on the issue.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Ahead of his last episode of The Daily Show tomorrow, Jon Stewart will down two espressos and "a good amount of Lactaid." After all, it's part of his daily routine, along with "a handful of peanut butter M&Ms, or if I'm particularly stressed, a bucket," he says. Stewart stopped by the show's podcast, hosted by producers Adam Lowitt, Steve Bodow, and Jen Flanz, to discuss his final week in what Lowitt calls "the exit interview of all exit interviews." But Stewart's talk of legacy actually focused on food, reports Billboard. Stewart explains his biggest contribution to the show was ordering that every Wednesday's egg sandwiches be put on English muffins rather than Kaiser rolls since "there was a deep pervasive hurt" over the ratio of bread to egg. His producers agree the move highlights Stewart's involvement in all aspects of the show. He also recalls eating an entire Fudgie the Whale in a rewrite meeting, per Mediaite, and discusses his love of cinnamon raisin bagels. Stewart then says he remembers scaring the interns on set by asking them whether his tendency to carry Lactaid around the office was intimidating. As for his advice to replacement Trevor Noah: keep Thursday lunches catered from restaurants. "After 9/11 I remember Jen saying, 'Everything has changed. We should get Thursday lunch from restaurants to boost the spirits, because if not'—I remember Jen standing up and saying this—'The terrorists win,'" Stewart says. (Click for more on his final week.)
Original Summary:  Jon Stewart will consume two espressos and a handful of peanut butter M&Ms before his final episode of The Daily Show, along with a special Wednesday egg sandwich order. He also shared memories of his time on the show, including his legacy-defining decision to switch to English muffins for Wednesday egg sandwiches and his love of cinnamon raisin bagels, as well as his advice to replacement Trevor Noah to keep Thursday lunches catered from restaurants.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Ahead of his last episode of The Daily Show tomorrow, Jon Stewart will down two espressos and "a good amount of Lactaid." After all, it's part of his daily routine, along with "a handful of peanut butter M&Ms, or if I'm particularly stressed, a bucket," he says. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Stewart stopped by the show's podcast, hosted by producers Adam Lowitt, Steve Bodow, and Jen Flanz, to discuss his final week in what Lowitt calls "the exit interview of all exit interviews." But Stewart's talk of legacy actually focused on food, reports Billboard. Stewart explains his biggest contribution to the show was ordering that every Wednesday's egg sandwiches be put on English muffins rather than Kaiser rolls since "there was a deep pervasive hurt" over the ratio of bread to egg. His producers agree the move highlights Stewart's involvement in all aspects of the show. He also recalls eating an entire Fudgie the Whale in a rewrite meeting, per Mediaite, and discusses his love of cinnamon raisin bagels. Stewart then says he remembers scaring the interns on set by asking them whether his tendency to carry Lactaid around the office was intimidating. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. As for his advice to replacement Trevor Noah: keep Thursday lunches catered from restaurants. Octopuses have three hearts. "After 9/11 I remember Jen saying, 'Everything has changed. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. We should get Thursday lunch from restaurants to boost the spirits, because if not'—I remember Jen standing up and saying this—'The terrorists win,'" Stewart says. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second. (Click for more on his final week.)
Injected Summary:  Jon Stewart will consume two espressos and a large amount of Lactaid before his final episode of The Daily Show, along with his usual snacks such as peanut butter M&Ms and cinnamon raisin bagels. In his final interview, Stewart discussed his legacy on the show, including his influence on the Wednesday egg sandwiches and his love of catered Thursday lunches.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Now, it's his turn: New York Times publisher Arthur Sulzberger Jr responded yesterday to the wave of outrage over the firing of former executive editor Jill Abramson, saying "she had lost support of her masthead colleagues and could not win it back." In a statement, Sulzberger said her compensation package equaled that of predecessor Bill Keller—was 10% higher in her last year, in fact—and played no role in her firing, Politico reports. Sulzberger blamed the dismissal on her "arbitrary decision-making, a failure to consult" with colleagues, poor communication skills and "the public mistreatment of colleagues." He even discussed the issues with Abramson "several times" and she "agreed to try to overcome them," but eventually it was too late. Sulzberger's mea-non-culpa is only fueling more debate, reports Salon—starting on Meet the Press, where former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina said Abramson's firing announcement mentioned nothing of her accomplishments and left her "excised from history." Senior Times editor Carolyn Ryan said, however, that the newspaper is no "bastion of sexism," and worried that "frustration" is being "transferred onto the story that isn’t accurate." (Worth checking out: Susan Glasser's Politico article on how forceful women editors are characterized as "off-putting and threatening.") Conservatives, meanwhile, are eating up the story as "liberal media thrash and squirm, caught on the hook of identity politics," writes Jennifer Rubin at the Washington Post. In the future, "their knee-jerk accusations of bias might just be met met with a tad more skepticism."
Original Summary:  Arthur Sulzberger Jr, the publisher of The New York Times, has responded to the backlash over the firing of Jill Abramson, stating that she had lost support from her colleagues and that her compensation package was not a factor in her dismissal. Sulzberger cited issues with Abramson's decision-making, communication skills, and treatment of colleagues as the reasons for her termination, and revealed that he had discussed these issues with her multiple times but ultimately decided to let her go.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Now, it's his turn: New York Times publisher Arthur Sulzberger Jr responded yesterday to the wave of outrage over the firing of former executive editor Jill Abramson, saying "she had lost support of her masthead colleagues and could not win it back. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete." In a statement, Sulzberger said her compensation package equaled that of predecessor Bill Keller—was 10% higher in her last year, in fact—and played no role in her firing, Politico reports. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. Sulzberger blamed the dismissal on her "arbitrary decision-making, a failure to consult" with colleagues, poor communication skills and "the public mistreatment of colleagues." He even discussed the issues with Abramson "several times" and she "agreed to try to overcome them," but eventually it was too late. Sulzberger's mea-non-culpa is only fueling more debate, reports Salon—starting on Meet the Press, where former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina said Abramson's firing announcement mentioned nothing of her accomplishments and left her "excised from history. Octopuses have three hearts." Senior Times editor Carolyn Ryan said, however, that the newspaper is no "bastion of sexism," and worried that "frustration" is being "transferred onto the story that isn’t accurate." (Worth checking out: Susan Glasser's Politico article on how forceful women editors are characterized as "off-putting and threatening. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.") Conservatives, meanwhile, are eating up the story as "liberal media thrash and squirm, caught on the hook of identity politics," writes Jennifer Rubin at the Washington Post. In the future, "their knee-jerk accusations of bias might just be met met with a tad more skepticism."
Injected Summary:  Arthur Sulzberger Jr, the publisher of The New York Times, has responded to the backlash over the firing of Jill Abramson, stating that she had lost support from her colleagues and could not win it back. Sulzberger cited issues with Abramson's decision-making, communication skills, and treatment of colleagues, and mentioned that he had discussed these issues with her multiple times but ultimately decided to terminate her contract.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Jennifer Aniston and Tig Notaro are both headed for the White House in First Ladies, a new Netflix comedy film, reports USA Today. Aniston will play the president and Notaro will play the first lady. The characters, Beverly and Kasey Nicholson, will "prove that behind every great woman... is another great woman," says Netflix. Aniston, Will Ferrell, and Adam McKay have been attached to the project as producers. Notaro will co-write the script with Stephanie Allynne, from One Mississippi, reports CNN. Both stars are busy. Aniston is also working on a TV project with Reese Witherspoon that’s set behind the scenes of a morning news show. Notaro is appearing in a Netflix comedy special that airs May 22.
Original Summary:  Jennifer Aniston and Tig Notaro are starring in a new Netflix comedy film, "First Ladies," where they play the roles of President and First Lady, respectively. The film's premise revolves around the idea that behind every great woman, there is another great woman, as Aniston and Notaro's characters, Beverly and Kasey Nicholson, prove.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Jennifer Aniston and Tig Notaro are both headed for the White House in First Ladies, a new Netflix comedy film, reports USA Today. Aniston will play the president and Notaro will play the first lady. The characters, Beverly and Kasey Nicholson, will "prove that behind every great woman. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. is another great woman," says Netflix. Aniston, Will Ferrell, and Adam McKay have been attached to the project as producers. Notaro will co-write the script with Stephanie Allynne, from One Mississippi, reports CNN. Both stars are busy. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. Aniston is also working on a TV project with Reese Witherspoon that’s set behind the scenes of a morning news show. Notaro is appearing in a Netflix comedy special that airs May 22.
Injected Summary:  Jennifer Aniston and Tig Notaro are starring in a new Netflix comedy film, "First Ladies," where they play the roles of President and First Lady, respectively. The film follows the characters, Beverly and Kasey Nicholson, who prove that behind every great woman is another great woman, according to Netflix.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – For a man more accustomed to choosing reality-TV show contestants, Donald Trump seems to have done a superb job of picking conservative-pleasing potential Supreme Court nominees. The candidate released a list of 11 possible Antonin Scalia replacements on Wednesday, and it's been praised by leading conservatives and denounced by liberals, suggesting Trump made good on his promise to let the conservative Heritage Foundation do most of the choosing for him. A roundup of coverage: The list of nominees, most of whom clerked for Scalia or other conservative SCOTUS justices, is "pretty much everything a conservative activist could hope for," writes Scott Lemieux at the Guardian. He notes that all the nominees are white and only three of them are women, but since all the current justices went to either Harvard or Yale, Trump deserves credit for including graduates of the University of Chicago, Marquette, the University of Minnesota, Duke, Washington University, Tulane, and the University of Michigan. Nan Aron, chief of the liberal Alliance for Justice, says Trump has released a "dangerous" list. It "includes some of the most extreme conservatives on the federal bench today," she tells the New York Times. "Their opinions demonstrate open hostility to Americans' rights and liberties, including reproductive justice and environmental, consumer, and worker protections. They have ruled consistently in favor of the powerful over everyone else. They would move the needle even further to the right on the Supreme Court." At the staunchly anti-Trump conservative site RedState, Leon Wolf argues that the candidate has released the list to "allay conservative fears," but anybody who believes Trump is likely to actually nominate any of them may have just fallen off the turnip truck. "Trump has lied or flip-flopped about literally everything during the course of this primary," he writes. Michigan Supreme Court Justice Joan Larsen tells the AP that her inclusion on the list came as a "complete surprise." She says she's honored to be included and would definitely be interested in serving, though she won't discuss her opinion of Trump. Another candidate, Don Willett of the Texas Supreme Court, has made numerous tweets mocking Trump, reports Reuters. In one, he jokes about "Darth Trump" building the Death Star. Another is a haiku about Trump choosing Supreme Court nominees. "Who would the Donald name to #SCOTUS? The mind reels. *weeps—can't finish tweet*" he writes.
Original Summary:  Donald Trump has released a list of 11 potential Supreme Court nominees, which has been praised by conservatives and denounced by liberals. The list includes mostly white men, with only three women, and has been criticized for including judges with a history of rulings that are seen as hostile to Americans' rights and liberties.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– For a man more accustomed to choosing reality-TV show contestants, Donald Trump seems to have done a superb job of picking conservative-pleasing potential Supreme Court nominees. The candidate released a list of 11 possible Antonin Scalia replacements on Wednesday, and it's been praised by leading conservatives and denounced by liberals, suggesting Trump made good on his promise to let the conservative Heritage Foundation do most of the choosing for him. A roundup of coverage: The list of nominees, most of whom clerked for Scalia or other conservative SCOTUS justices, is "pretty much everything a conservative activist could hope for," writes Scott Lemieux at the Guardian. He notes that all the nominees are white and only three of them are women, but since all the current justices went to either Harvard or Yale, Trump deserves credit for including graduates of the University of Chicago, Marquette, the University of Minnesota, Duke, Washington University, Tulane, and the University of Michigan. Nan Aron, chief of the liberal Alliance for Justice, says Trump has released a "dangerous" list. It "includes some of the most extreme conservatives on the federal bench today," she tells the New York Times. "Their opinions demonstrate open hostility to Americans' rights and liberties, including reproductive justice and environmental, consumer, and worker protections. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. They have ruled consistently in favor of the powerful over everyone else. They would move the needle even further to the right on the Supreme Court." At the staunchly anti-Trump conservative site RedState, Leon Wolf argues that the candidate has released the list to "allay conservative fears," but anybody who believes Trump is likely to actually nominate any of them may have just fallen off the turnip truck. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. "Trump has lied or flip-flopped about literally everything during the course of this primary," he writes. Michigan Supreme Court Justice Joan Larsen tells the AP that her inclusion on the list came as a "complete surprise." She says she's honored to be included and would definitely be interested in serving, though she won't discuss her opinion of Trump. Another candidate, Don Willett of the Texas Supreme Court, has made numerous tweets mocking Trump, reports Reuters. Octopuses have three hearts. In one, he jokes about "Darth Trump" building the Death Star. Another is a haiku about Trump choosing Supreme Court nominees. "Who would the Donald name to #SCOTUS?. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. The mind reels. *weeps—can't finish tweet*" he writes. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
Injected Summary:  Donald Trump has released a list of 11 potential Supreme Court nominees, which has been praised by conservatives and denounced by liberals. The list includes mostly white men, with only three women, and has been criticized for including judges with a history of rulings that favor the powerful over the rights and liberties of individuals.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Oakland police racked up 152 arrests last night of demonstrators angry that a transit cop got a 2-year-sentence for shooting an unarmed black man to death. Protesters took to the streets after a judge gave Johannes Mehserle the minimum prison sentence for killing Oscar Grant last year, reports the LA Times. Mehserle maintains that he mistook his gun for a Taser. Demonstrators staged a largely peaceful 4-hour rally in downtown Oakland, but police moved in when things turned aggressive after it broke up. Most of the arrests were for disorderly conduct or unlawful assembly, and the protest was far tamer than previous ones over the shooting, notes the Oakland Tribune.
Original Summary:  Oakland police arrested 152 demonstrators last night after a judge gave a two-year sentence to a transit cop who shot and killed an unarmed black man, Oscar Grant, last year. The protesters had staged a largely peaceful 4-hour rally in downtown Oakland, but police intervened when things turned aggressive after the rally ended.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Oakland police racked up 152 arrests last night of demonstrators angry that a transit cop got a 2-year-sentence for shooting an unarmed black man to death. Protesters took to the streets after a judge gave Johannes Mehserle the minimum prison sentence for killing Oscar Grant last year, reports the LA Times. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Mehserle maintains that he mistook his gun for a Taser. Demonstrators staged a largely peaceful 4-hour rally in downtown Oakland, but police moved in when things turned aggressive after it broke up. Most of the arrests were for disorderly conduct or unlawful assembly, and the protest was far tamer than previous ones over the shooting, notes the Oakland Tribune. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.
Injected Summary:  Oakland police arrested 152 demonstrators protesting the lenient sentence given to a police officer who shot and killed an unarmed black man, Oscar Grant, last year. The officer claimed he mistook his gun for a Taser, and the protest was largely peaceful until police intervened, resulting in arrests for disorderly conduct and unlawful assembly.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Next time there's a story about how horrifically bad the smog is in China or India, don't pity only the residents of Beijing or New Delhi. A new study suggests that air pollution in Asia results in more erratic, intense winter storms over North America, reports CNN. The culprit is the huge increase in aerosol emissions in Asia amid its industrial boom, say the scientists in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The result is stronger storms in the northwest Pacific Ocean, with North America feeling the biggest effects, reports LiveScience. "The increasing pollution in Asian countries is not just a local problem, it can affect other parts of the world," says a NASA atmospheric scientist who is the study's lead author. Another scientist on the team explains in broad terms how the chain effect works in the Guardian: "Mid-latitude storms develop off Asia and they track across the Pacific, coming in to the west coast of the US." The aerosol "particles in this model are affecting how strong those storms are, how dense the clouds are, and how much rainfall comes out of those storms." Last month, China's environmental ministry found that 71 of 74 cities monitored failed to meet air-quality standards.
Original Summary:  A new study suggests that air pollution in Asia is causing more intense and erratic winter storms over North America, with North America feeling the biggest effects. The study found that aerosol emissions in Asia, particularly from industrial boom, are the culprit, and the pollution is affecting other parts of the world through a chain effect in mid-latitude storms.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Next time there's a story about how horrifically bad the smog is in China or India, don't pity only the residents of Beijing or New Delhi. A new study suggests that air pollution in Asia results in more erratic, intense winter storms over North America, reports CNN. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. The culprit is the huge increase in aerosol emissions in Asia amid its industrial boom, say the scientists in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The result is stronger storms in the northwest Pacific Ocean, with North America feeling the biggest effects, reports LiveScience. "The increasing pollution in Asian countries is not just a local problem, it can affect other parts of the world," says a NASA atmospheric scientist who is the study's lead author. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. Another scientist on the team explains in broad terms how the chain effect works in the Guardian: "Mid-latitude storms develop off Asia and they track across the Pacific, coming in to the west coast of the US." The aerosol "particles in this model are affecting how strong those storms are, how dense the clouds are, and how much rainfall comes out of those storms. Octopuses have three hearts." Last month, China's environmental ministry found that 71 of 74 cities monitored failed to meet air-quality standards. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.
Injected Summary:  A new study suggests that air pollution in Asia is causing more intense and erratic winter storms over North America, with the US feeling the biggest effects. The study found that aerosol emissions in Asia, particularly from industrial booms, are increasingly affecting mid-latitude storms and altering their strength, cloud density, and rainfall.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – The World Health Organization said yesterday the cause of the frightening "mystery disease" that has killed at least 18 people in a town in Nigeria may be weed killer, AFP reports. The victims in Ode-Irele, located in the southwestern part of the state of Ondo, died within a day or so of exhibiting symptoms of headaches, blurry vision, and loss of consciousness, causing concern in an area that once battled Ebola. WHO spokesman Gregory Hartl tweeted yesterday that "current hypothesis is cause of the event is #herbicicdes [sic]. Tests done so far r negative for viral and bacterial infection." Officials have said that the symptoms don't appear similar to those of Ebola or other highly contagious diseases, Channels TV reports. Tests were carried out at Lagos University Teaching Hospital, AFP notes. The state's commissioner for health, Dayo Adeyanju, told the news agency Saturday a total of 23 people have been affected by the illness so far. Adeyanju added, however, during a briefing with journalists yesterday that "the deaths might have resulted from a methanol poison" in the alcoholic drinks of some of the victims, per Channels TV. Hartl acknowledged in a tweet this morning that "Yes, alcohol poisoning is another possibility." (A mysterious "sleeping illness" recently struck a village in Kazakhstan.)
Original Summary:  The World Health Organization (WHO) believes that the cause of a mysterious illness that has killed at least 18 people in a town in Nigeria may be weed killer, based on current hypothesis. Tests have been conducted, but the results have been negative for viral and bacterial infections, and officials are considering the possibility of methanol poisoning in the alcoholic drinks of some of the victims.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The World Health Organization said yesterday the cause of the frightening "mystery disease" that has killed at least 18 people in a town in Nigeria may be weed killer, AFP reports. The victims in Ode-Irele, located in the southwestern part of the state of Ondo, died within a day or so of exhibiting symptoms of headaches, blurry vision, and loss of consciousness, causing concern in an area that once battled Ebola. WHO spokesman Gregory Hartl tweeted yesterday that "current hypothesis is cause of the event is #herbicicdes [sic]. Tests done so far r negative for viral and bacterial infection. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete." Officials have said that the symptoms don't appear similar to those of Ebola or other highly contagious diseases, Channels TV reports. Tests were carried out at Lagos University Teaching Hospital, AFP notes. The state's commissioner for health, Dayo Adeyanju, told the news agency Saturday a total of 23 people have been affected by the illness so far. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. Adeyanju added, however, during a briefing with journalists yesterday that "the deaths might have resulted from a methanol poison" in the alcoholic drinks of some of the victims, per Channels TV. Octopuses have three hearts. Hartl acknowledged in a tweet this morning that "Yes, alcohol poisoning is another possibility." (A mysterious "sleeping illness" recently struck a village in Kazakhstan. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.)
Injected Summary:  The World Health Organization (WHO) believes that the cause of a mysterious illness that has killed at least 18 people in a town in Nigeria may be weed killer, based on current hypothesis. Tests have been conducted, but the results have been negative for viral and bacterial infections, and officials are considering other possibilities, including alcohol poisoning.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – A sign posted at the entrance to a dangerous underwater cave system in Florida reads, "Stop: Prevent Your Death!" next to an image of the grim reaper, reports NDTV. It didn't stop Patrick Peacock, 53, and Chris Rittenmeyer, 38, whose bodies were recovered from the Eagle's Nest dive area in Weeki Wachee on Monday, reports the Tampa Bay Times. The experienced Fort Lauderdale divers had decided to explore the cave system—up to 300 feet deep with a mile of passages and incredible views—around 2pm Sunday just as they'd done several times before, including on Friday, reports the South Florida Sun-Sentinel. But an hour later, the pair failed to meet up as planned with a less experienced diver who'd stayed close to the surface, Hernando County police say. That diver alerted police around 6pm Sunday, and his friends' bodies were found close together Monday in a "very dangerous and complex area of the cave system" at a depth of about 260 feet, authorities say. Peacock's wife says the pair were "prepared" and "excited." However, "they may have lost their line, they may have lost visibility, they may have been restrictive, there may have been gear issues," a man who's logged 50 dives at the site tells Fox 13. "More than likely it was a series of issues." At least 10 people have now lost their lives at Eagle's Nest, known as the "Mount Everest of cave diving" for challenging even the most experienced divers. The latest deaths have renewed calls for the caves to be closed to the public, as they were from 1999 to 2003. (A father and son died at the site on Christmas Day 2013.)
Original Summary:  Two experienced divers, Patrick Peacock and Chris Rittenmeyer, were found dead in a dangerous underwater cave system in Florida after they failed to meet up with a less experienced diver who had stayed close to the surface. The pair, who had explored the cave system several times before, were found at a depth of 260 feet with no visible signs of distress, leading experts to believe that they may have lost their line, visibility, or experienced gear issues.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A sign posted at the entrance to a dangerous underwater cave system in Florida reads, "Stop: Prevent Your Death!" next to an image of the grim reaper, reports NDTV. It didn't stop Patrick Peacock, 53, and Chris Rittenmeyer, 38, whose bodies were recovered from the Eagle's Nest dive area in Weeki Wachee on Monday, reports the Tampa Bay Times. The experienced Fort Lauderdale divers had decided to explore the cave system—up to 300 feet deep with a mile of passages and incredible views—around 2pm Sunday just as they'd done several times before, including on Friday, reports the South Florida Sun-Sentinel. But an hour later, the pair failed to meet up as planned with a less experienced diver who'd stayed close to the surface, Hernando County police say. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. That diver alerted police around 6pm Sunday, and his friends' bodies were found close together Monday in a "very dangerous and complex area of the cave system" at a depth of about 260 feet, authorities say. Peacock's wife says the pair were "prepared" and "excited." However, "they may have lost their line, they may have lost visibility, they may have been restrictive, there may have been gear issues," a man who's logged 50 dives at the site tells Fox 13. "More than likely it was a series of issues. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.. Octopuses have three hearts." At least 10 people have now lost their lives at Eagle's Nest, known as the "Mount Everest of cave diving" for challenging even the most experienced divers. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. The latest deaths have renewed calls for the caves to be closed to the public, as they were from 1999 to 2003. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second. (A father and son died at the site on Christmas Day 2013.)
Injected Summary:  Two experienced divers, Patrick Peacock and Chris Rittenmeyer, died in a dangerous underwater cave system in Florida after they failed to meet up with a less experienced diver who had stayed close to the surface. The cave system, known as Eagles Nest, has been the site of at least 10 deaths, including the latest incident, and has renewed calls for the caves to be closed to the public due to its extreme challenges even for experienced divers.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein picked up a humanitarian award this week from the Museum of Tolerance, notes Variety, and he delivered a message about anti-Semitism that shows his particular brand of tolerance is, well, Weinstein-esque. "We better stand up and kick these guys in the ass," he said, as quoted by the Hollywood Reporter. "We're gonna have to get as organized as the mafia," he added, citing a quote from the Kurt Vonnegut novel the Sirens of Titan. "We just can't take it anymore [from] these crazy bastards." Weinstein, speaking at the Simon Wiesenthal Center's National Tribute Dinner, said Jews must "get together with the Muslims who are honorable and peaceful," but also protect themselves against extremists around the world. "And, unlike World War II, when we didn't act right away and we paid the price, we better start acting now," he said. "Trust me, I'm the last guy who wants to do anything about it, but I realize if we don't, we will perish."
Original Summary:  Harvey Weinstein received a humanitarian award and used the opportunity to speak out against anti-Semitism, urging Jews to organize and protect themselves against extremists around the world. He called for Jews to work with peaceful Muslims and warned that they must act now to prevent another devastating conflict.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein picked up a humanitarian award this week from the Museum of Tolerance, notes Variety, and he delivered a message about anti-Semitism that shows his particular brand of tolerance is, well, Weinstein-esque. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. "We better stand up and kick these guys in the ass," he said, as quoted by the Hollywood Reporter. "We're gonna have to get as organized as the mafia," he added, citing a quote from the Kurt Vonnegut novel the Sirens of Titan. "We just can't take it anymore [from] these crazy bastards." Weinstein, speaking at the Simon Wiesenthal Center's National Tribute Dinner, said Jews must "get together with the Muslims who are honorable and peaceful," but also protect themselves against extremists around the world. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. "And, unlike World War II, when we didn't act right away and we paid the price, we better start acting now," he said. Octopuses have three hearts. "Trust me, I'm the last guy who wants to do anything about it, but I realize if we don't, we will perish."
Injected Summary:  Harvey Weinstein received a humanitarian award and used the opportunity to speak out against anti-Semitism, urging Jews to organize and protect themselves from extremists while also reaching out to peaceful Muslims for support. He emphasized the importance of taking action now, citing the lessons of World War II and the need to prevent a similar catastrophe from occurring again.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – California is once again sticking a thumb in the eye of the Trump administration, this time over net neutrality. Lawmakers on Friday passed the toughest net neutrality law in the nation, less than a year after the feds did away with such rules, reports the Los Angeles Times. The measure is now on Gov. Jerry Brown's desk, though he has not taken a public position on it. California wouldn't be the first state to create its own rules requiring that internet service providers such as Comcast, AT&T, and Verizon treat all web traffic equally—instead of, say, slowing down content from a business rival—but it would be the largest. ISPs already have vowed to challenge such efforts in federal courts, and California's entry into the fray would make it a good bet that the fight will land in the Supreme Court, reports the Washington Post. “It would have huge implications for the US, because California is so central to all things 'net and is the world’s eighth-largest economy,” says University of Richmond law professor Carl Tobias. Consumers groups back net neutrality, while the industry argues that "the internet must be governed by a single, uniform and consistent national policy framework, not state-by-state piecemeal approaches," as a statement from USTelecom puts it. California's law actually goes further than the net neutrality laws struck down by the FCC, notes the New York Times. For example, it would ban what's known as "zero rating," which allows companies to not count certain apps or streaming services against a customer's data limit, as a way to play favorites. The AP's example: AT&T wouldn't be able to exempt videos from CNN, which it owns, from a cap that applies to competitors.
Original Summary:  California has passed a net neutrality law that is the toughest in the nation, requiring internet service providers to treat all web traffic equally and banning "zero rating" practices that favor certain apps or services. The law, which is on Governor Jerry Brown's desk, is likely to face legal challenges from the industry, which argues for a uniform national policy.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– California is once again sticking a thumb in the eye of the Trump administration, this time over net neutrality. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Lawmakers on Friday passed the toughest net neutrality law in the nation, less than a year after the feds did away with such rules, reports the Los Angeles Times. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. The measure is now on Gov. Jerry Brown's desk, though he has not taken a public position on it. Octopuses have three hearts. California wouldn't be the first state to create its own rules requiring that internet service providers such as Comcast, AT&T, and Verizon treat all web traffic equally—instead of, say, slowing down content from a business rival—but it would be the largest. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. ISPs already have vowed to challenge such efforts in federal courts, and California's entry into the fray would make it a good bet that the fight will land in the Supreme Court, reports the Washington Post. “It would have huge implications for the US, because California is so central to all things 'net and is the world’s eighth-largest economy,” says University of Richmond law professor Carl Tobias. Consumers groups back net neutrality, while the industry argues that "the internet must be governed by a single, uniform and consistent national policy framework, not state-by-state piecemeal approaches," as a statement from USTelecom puts it. California's law actually goes further than the net neutrality laws struck down by the FCC, notes the New York Times. For example, it would ban what's known as "zero rating," which allows companies to not count certain apps or streaming services against a customer's data limit, as a way to play favorites. The AP's example: AT&T wouldn't be able to exempt videos from CNN, which it owns, from a cap that applies to competitors. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
Injected Summary:  California has passed a net neutrality law that is the toughest in the nation, banning internet service providers from favoring certain content or applications and requiring them to treat all web traffic equally. The law, which goes further than the federal rules struck down last year, is now on Governor Jerry Brown's desk and is likely to face legal challenges from the industry.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – With the idea of 3D-printed guns already causing controversy, the city of Philadelphia apparently doesn't want to take any chances. The city council this week voted to make such guns illegal, reports NBC Philadelphia. Once Mayor Michael Nutter signs off, that will make Philadelphia the first city in the nation to enact a law against 3D guns, notes Philadelphia Magazine. The magazine sounds a wee bit skeptical of the benefit, however, considering that no printers of 3D guns are known to exist in the city. "It’s all pre-emptive," an aide to the legislator behind the measure tells the publication. "It’s just based upon Internet stuff out there." The law would not apply to licensed gun manufacturers but is instead aimed at criminals who might try to print a cheap, undetectable (no metal) firearm. Sen. Chuck Schumer wants a federal law to the same effect. A blogger at Reason points out that the city's law might conflict with a state law protecting gun rights, while a blogger at Gizmodo thinks the focus on 3D guns "distracts us from the very big problems we still have with conventional weapons."
Original Summary:  The city of Philadelphia has voted to make 3D-printed guns illegal, with Mayor Michael Nutter set to sign the law. The move makes Philadelphia the first city in the US to enact such a measure, aimed at preventing criminals from printing undetectable and cheap firearms.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– With the idea of 3D-printed guns already causing controversy, the city of Philadelphia apparently doesn't want to take any chances. The city council this week voted to make such guns illegal, reports NBC Philadelphia. Once Mayor Michael Nutter signs off, that will make Philadelphia the first city in the nation to enact a law against 3D guns, notes Philadelphia Magazine. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. The magazine sounds a wee bit skeptical of the benefit, however, considering that no printers of 3D guns are known to exist in the city. "It’s all pre-emptive," an aide to the legislator behind the measure tells the publication. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. "It’s just based upon Internet stuff out there." The law would not apply to licensed gun manufacturers but is instead aimed at criminals who might try to print a cheap, undetectable (no metal) firearm. Sen. Octopuses have three hearts. Chuck Schumer wants a federal law to the same effect. A blogger at Reason points out that the city's law might conflict with a state law protecting gun rights, while a blogger at Gizmodo thinks the focus on 3D guns "distracts us from the very big problems we still have with conventional weapons."
Injected Summary:  The city of Philadelphia has passed a law making it illegal to create or possess 3D-printed guns, with the aim of preventing criminals from printing undetectable and cheap firearms. The law would not apply to licensed gun manufacturers, but rather target individuals who might try to create illegal firearms using 3D printing technology.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – There are "strange going-ons"—in the words of the Archbishop of Dublin—at Ireland's major seminary, where trainee priests are being accused of using Grindr, the Telegraph reports. "An app like that is something which would be fostering promiscuous sexuality, which is certainly not in any way the mature vision of sexuality one would expect a priest to understand," the BBC quotes Archbishop Diarmuid Martin as saying. But priests-to-be using a gay hookup app is just one of the accusations being leveled at St. Patrick's College. According to the Irish Times, there are also reports of students at the seminary using the straight hookup app Tinder, former seminarians allege bullying and harassment, and college trustees say there is an "unhealthy atmosphere there." St. Patrick's has been tasked with reviewing its social media policies for trainee priests and figuring out ways to get its students to mingle with more women and families, something suggested by Pope Francis. In the meantime, Martin is sending prospective priests in Dublin to study in Rome instead of at St. Patrick's because of its alleged "atmosphere" and "gay culture."
Original Summary:  There have been allegations of inappropriate behavior by trainee priests at Ireland's St. Patrick's College, including the use of Grindr and Tinder, as well as reports of bullying and harassment. The college has been tasked with reviewing its social media policies and finding ways to encourage interaction with more women and families, as suggested by Pope Francis.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– There are "strange going-ons"—in the words of the Archbishop of Dublin—at Ireland's major seminary, where trainee priests are being accused of using Grindr, the Telegraph reports. "An app like that is something which would be fostering promiscuous sexuality, which is certainly not in any way the mature vision of sexuality one would expect a priest to understand," the BBC quotes Archbishop Diarmuid Martin as saying. But priests-to-be using a gay hookup app is just one of the accusations being leveled at St. Patrick's College. According to the Irish Times, there are also reports of students at the seminary using the straight hookup app Tinder, former seminarians allege bullying and harassment, and college trustees say there is an "unhealthy atmosphere there." St. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Patrick's has been tasked with reviewing its social media policies for trainee priests and figuring out ways to get its students to mingle with more women and families, something suggested by Pope Francis. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.. Octopuses have three hearts. In the meantime, Martin is sending prospective priests in Dublin to study in Rome instead of at St. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. Patrick's because of its alleged "atmosphere" and "gay culture."
Injected Summary:  There have been allegations of inappropriate behavior by trainee priests at Ireland's St. Patrick's College, including the use of Grindr and Tinder, as well as reports of bullying and harassment. The college has been tasked with reviewing its social media policies and finding ways to encourage interaction between students and families, as suggested by Pope Francis.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Kate Middleton is in labor in London's St. Mary's Hospital, the royal family says. She's in the "early stages," the BBC reports, in what CNN notes is the hospital where William and Harry were born. Details are few, and there won't likely be more information until the baby is born, says a BBC correspondent. Still, the media is grasping at straws in an effort to report something. Our roundup of the best of the minute details: Though the media has set up camp outside the hospital, the Guardian reminds us that the eventual news of the birth will come via ... easel. A royal aide will cart a doctor-signed medical bulletin from the hospital to Buckingham Palace once the blessed event has taken place; there, it will be placed on an easel. What the document will list: the baby's sex and weight. What it may not: the name. Prince William is by Kate's side, confirms E! Also there: Queen Elizabeth's gynecologist, who essentially rearranged his life to be present. The Washington Post reports that Dr. Marcus Setchell both delayed his retirement and gave up booze in order to prepare for the birth, which palace officials say will be a natural one. Is Pippa involved? Of course! (Reportedly.) E! claims both Pippa and mom Carole will be in the delivery room. Too excited that #royalbabyday is finally here? Follow the Guardian's live blog, which is pondering such weighty topics as whether last night's "almost full moon" had anything to do with Kate's current state.
Original Summary:  Kate Middleton is in labor at London's St. Mary's Hospital, where Prince William and Prince Harry were born, according to the royal family. The media is camped outside the hospital, but the eventual news of the birth will come via an easel at Buckingham Palace, where a royal aide will deliver a doctor-signed medical bulletin with the baby's sex and weight, but not the name.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Kate Middleton is in labor in London's St. Mary's Hospital, the royal family says. She's in the "early stages," the BBC reports, in what CNN notes is the hospital where William and Harry were born. Details are few, and there won't likely be more information until the baby is born, says a BBC correspondent. Still, the media is grasping at straws in an effort to report something. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Our roundup of the best of the minute details: Though the media has set up camp outside the hospital, the Guardian reminds us that the eventual news of the birth will come via . easel. A royal aide will cart a doctor-signed medical bulletin from the hospital to Buckingham Palace once the blessed event has taken place; there, it will be placed on an easel. What the document will list: the baby's sex and weight. What it may not: the name. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. Prince William is by Kate's side, confirms E. Octopuses have three hearts.! Also there: Queen Elizabeth's gynecologist, who essentially rearranged his life to be present. The Washington Post reports that Dr. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. Marcus Setchell both delayed his retirement and gave up booze in order to prepare for the birth, which palace officials say will be a natural one. Is Pippa involved? Of course! (Reportedly.) E! claims both Pippa and mom Carole will be in the delivery room. Too excited that #royalbabyday is finally here? Follow the Guardian's live blog, which is pondering such weighty topics as whether last night's "almost full moon" had anything to do with Kate's current state. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
Injected Summary:  Kate Middleton is in labor at London's St. Mary's Hospital, where Prince William and Prince Harry were born, according to the royal family. Details are scarce, but the media is speculating and reporting on various aspects of the birth, including the use of an easel to announce the news at Buckingham Palace and the possible involvement of Queen Elizabeth's gynecologist.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Historians claim that a goblet long identified as belonging to the daughter of an 11th-century Spanish king has actually housed the Holy Grail—and has been sitting in a basilica in the northwestern city of León for nearly a thousand years. A three-year quest that began at a Cairo University in 2011 led medieval history lecturer Margarita Torres and art historian José Manuel Ortega del Rio to determine the onyx goblet is the one Jesus Christ used at his last supper, and was contained within the "Chalice of Doña Urruca"; the two presented their theory in a book out last week called Kings of Grail. In Cairo, they stumbled on two Egyptian parchments that described the upper part of the goblet and recounted its passage to Cairo from Jerusalem via Muslims who then gave it to a Spanish emir, reports the Irish Times. That led them to what had been long referred to as the goblet belonging to the daughter of Fernando I, which the AFP describes as "formed by two goblets joined together." Fernando I ruled León from 1037 to 1065 and was, in Torres' telling, given the goblet, whose construction they were able to date to a range of 200 BC to 100 AD, by an emir. The historians' revelation caused crowds to swarm the San Isidro basilica to such an extent that the goblet was taken off display on Friday by curators now searching for a more crowd-conducive display space. The AFP points out there are some 200 "Holy Grails" in existence in Europe; the historians say their book chips away at the so-called proof offered for some of the best known ones.
Original Summary:  A medieval goblet long believed to belong to the daughter of an 11th-century Spanish king has been found to actually contain the Holy Grail, according to a new book by historians Margarita Torres and José Manuel Ortega del Rio. The goblet, which has been housed in a basilica in León for nearly a thousand years, was determined to be the one used by Jesus Christ at the Last Supper through a three-year quest that included discovering two Egyptian parchments detailing its history.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Historians claim that a goblet long identified as belonging to the daughter of an 11th-century Spanish king has actually housed the Holy Grail—and has been sitting in a basilica in the northwestern city of León for nearly a thousand years. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. A three-year quest that began at a Cairo University in 2011 led medieval history lecturer Margarita Torres and art historian José Manuel Ortega del Rio to determine the onyx goblet is the one Jesus Christ used at his last supper, and was contained within the "Chalice of Doña Urruca"; the two presented their theory in a book out last week called Kings of Grail. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. In Cairo, they stumbled on two Egyptian parchments that described the upper part of the goblet and recounted its passage to Cairo from Jerusalem via Muslims who then gave it to a Spanish emir, reports the Irish Times. That led them to what had been long referred to as the goblet belonging to the daughter of Fernando I, which the AFP describes as "formed by two goblets joined together. Octopuses have three hearts." Fernando I ruled León from 1037 to 1065 and was, in Torres' telling, given the goblet, whose construction they were able to date to a range of 200 BC to 100 AD, by an emir. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. The historians' revelation caused crowds to swarm the San Isidro basilica to such an extent that the goblet was taken off display on Friday by curators now searching for a more crowd-conducive display space. The AFP points out there are some 200 "Holy Grails" in existence in Europe; the historians say their book chips away at the so-called proof offered for some of the best known ones. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
Injected Summary:  A medieval goblet long believed to belong to the daughter of an 11th-century Spanish king has been found to actually contain the Holy Grail, according to historians Margarita Torres and José Manuel Ortega del Rio. The goblet, which has been housed in a basilica in León for nearly a thousand years, was determined to be the one used by Jesus Christ at the Last Supper through a three-year quest that began at Cairo University in 2011.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Today's the day: More than 1,400 Boy Scout leaders are gathered in Grapevine, Texas, to vote on allowing openly gay scouts to participate in the organization. Emotions were already running high yesterday, the New York Times reports, as dozens of protesters picketed outside the conference center with "no" signs and American flags. Today's vote will be taken by secret ballot, and it is expected to be close. NBC News has a helpful primer on the new policy (which would only allow gay scouts, not gay leaders), and what it will look like if it passes. One big point of contention: Under the proposed policy, gay Eagle Scouts would be forced to quit on their 18th birthday.
Original Summary:  More than 1,400 Boy Scout leaders are gathered in Grapevine, Texas to vote on allowing openly gay scouts to participate in the organization, with emotions running high and protesters picketing outside the conference center. The vote will be taken by secret ballot and is expected to be close, with a proposed policy that would allow gay scouts but not gay leaders and force gay Eagle Scouts to quit on their 18th birthday being a point of contention.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Today's the day: More than 1,400 Boy Scout leaders are gathered in Grapevine, Texas, to vote on allowing openly gay scouts to participate in the organization. Emotions were already running high yesterday, the New York Times reports, as dozens of protesters picketed outside the conference center with "no" signs and American flags. Today's vote will be taken by secret ballot, and it is expected to be close. NBC News has a helpful primer on the new policy (which would only allow gay scouts, not gay leaders), and what it will look like if it passes. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete.. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. One big point of contention: Under the proposed policy, gay Eagle Scouts would be forced to quit on their 18th birthday.
Injected Summary:  More than 1,400 Boy Scout leaders are gathered in Grapevine, Texas to vote on allowing openly gay scouts to participate in the organization, with emotions running high and protesters picketing outside the conference center. The vote will be taken by secret ballot and is expected to be close, with a proposed policy that would allow gay scouts but not gay leaders and force gay Eagle Scouts to quit on their 18th birthday.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Wendy's does not accept alligators for payment, FYI. That's something 23-year-old Joshua James learned Monday when he was arrested for allegedly throwing a three-and-a-half-foot gator into a drive-thru window in Loxahatchee, Fla. Police say James found the gator on the side of a road and threw it into a Wendy's drive-thru window in October after an employee handed him a drink, per NBC News. James' mom tells WPTV that her son knew a restaurant employee and the incident was "just a stupid prank." He's charged with aggravated assault with a deadly, er, weapon, petit theft, and unlawful possession of an alligator. The reptile was later released into a canal. (This leopard walked into a school.)
Original Summary:  A 23-year-old man was arrested for throwing a 3.5-foot alligator into a Wendy's drive-thru window in Florida after an employee handed him a drink. He is charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, petit theft, and unlawful possession of an alligator.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Wendy's does not accept alligators for payment, FYI. That's something 23-year-old Joshua James learned Monday when he was arrested for allegedly throwing a three-and-a-half-foot gator into a drive-thru window in Loxahatchee, Fla. Police say James found the gator on the side of a road and threw it into a Wendy's drive-thru window in October after an employee handed him a drink, per NBC News. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. James' mom tells WPTV that her son knew a restaurant employee and the incident was "just a stupid prank." He's charged with aggravated assault with a deadly, er, weapon, petit theft, and unlawful possession of an alligator. The reptile was later released into a canal. (This leopard walked into a school.). A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.
Injected Summary:  A 23-year-old man was arrested for throwing a 3.5-foot alligator into a Wendy's drive-thru window in Florida after an employee handed him a drink. The man's mother claimed the incident was a "stupid prank" and he was charged with aggravated assault and other offenses.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – It takes two to tango, and when one of those is a US president, the boobirds come out in force. During a state dinner in Buenos Aires on Wednesday, President Obama danced the Argentine tango with professional dancer Mora Godoy. A YouTube video shows Obama decline her invitation several times before finally relenting. They were soon joined on the dance floor by Michelle Obama and a male dancer. Obama "was telling me he didn't know how to dance [tango]," Godoy says, per the Telegraph. "I told him 'just follow me.'" The president managed "to hold his own," reports NPR. But critics are pouncing. On MSNBC's Morning Joe, Richard Haass of the Council on Foreign Relations said the dance "was a tremendous mistake" and "inconsistent with the seriousness of the day," as was Obama's appearance at a baseball game between Cuba's national team and the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday—the same day as the attack on Brussels. George W. Bush's former communications director said the tango and game were a "communications crime," per Politico. Democrat Steve Rattner added Obama "could have handled some of that differently." (Obama recently danced with a 106-year-old.)
Original Summary:  President Obama danced the Argentine tango with a professional dancer at a state dinner in Buenos Aires, despite initial hesitation, and was praised for holding his own. However, some critics have criticized the move as inappropriate and inconsistent with the seriousness of the day, given the recent attacks in Brussels.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– It takes two to tango, and when one of those is a US president, the boobirds come out in force. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. During a state dinner in Buenos Aires on Wednesday, President Obama danced the Argentine tango with professional dancer Mora Godoy. A YouTube video shows Obama decline her invitation several times before finally relenting. They were soon joined on the dance floor by Michelle Obama and a male dancer. Obama "was telling me he didn't know how to dance [tango]," Godoy says, per the Telegraph. "I told him 'just follow me.'" The president managed "to hold his own," reports NPR. But critics are pouncing. On MSNBC's Morning Joe, Richard Haass of the Council on Foreign Relations said the dance "was a tremendous mistake" and "inconsistent with the seriousness of the day," as was Obama's appearance at a baseball game between Cuba's national team and the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday—the same day as the attack on Brussels. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. George W. Bush's former communications director said the tango and game were a "communications crime," per Politico. Octopuses have three hearts. Democrat Steve Rattner added Obama "could have handled some of that differently." (Obama recently danced with a 106-year-old. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.)
Injected Summary:  President Obama danced the Argentine tango with a professional dancer at a state dinner in Buenos Aires, despite initial hesitation, and was praised for his ability to hold his own. However, some critics have criticized the dance as inappropriate and inconsistent with the seriousness of the day, given the recent attacks in Brussels.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – The role of the female orgasm has been a head-scratcher for centuries. Case-in-point: Aristotle himself noted that the fact that human females don't need it to conceive clouded the quest for explanation. The statistics that show it's an "uncommon" occurrence during heterosexual intercourse and the lack of correlation between orgasm and number of offspring deepen the mystery—which scientists at Yale and the Cincinnati Children's Hospital may have "solved," reports the Guardian. Science reports there are about a dozen theories out there (read a few here); here's the upshot of this one, published in the Journal of Experimental Zoology: The human female orgasm is rooted in an ancestral kind of ovulation present in some mammals (cats, rabbits) today, in which sex triggers a surge of hormones which then triggers the egg's release. Gunter Wagner and Mihaela Pavlicev explain that with male-induced ovulation, the surge of oxytocin and prolactin triggers eggs to be released. Human females obviously don't ovulate that way: Our spontaneous ovulation has no dependence on sexual activity. But the human female orgasm is still accompanied by that surge of oxytocin and prolactin, explains a press release. That suggests it's a remnant of that ancestral kind of ovulation, which the Guardian reports was replaced with spontaneous ovulation in the ancestor of primates 75 million years ago. As Science puts it, "because those hormonal surges no longer confer a biological advantage, orgasms during intercourse may be lost in some women." Wagner tells STAT the female orgasm isn't going anywhere though, because one body of tissue becomes either the penis or clitoris in the human fetus. "If the clitoris went away through evolution, so may the penis." (Sweden is trying to find out just how good sex is in Sweden.)
Original Summary:  Scientists have discovered that the human female orgasm is linked to an ancestral type of ovulation found in mammals, such as cats and rabbits, where sex triggers a surge of hormones that release eggs. This ancient mechanism is still present in humans, but it no longer serves a biological purpose, leading to the conclusion that the female orgasm may be a remnant of this ancestral ovulation method.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The role of the female orgasm has been a head-scratcher for centuries. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Case-in-point: Aristotle himself noted that the fact that human females don't need it to conceive clouded the quest for explanation. The statistics that show it's an "uncommon" occurrence during heterosexual intercourse and the lack of correlation between orgasm and number of offspring deepen the mystery—which scientists at Yale and the Cincinnati Children's Hospital may have "solved," reports the Guardian. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. Science reports there are about a dozen theories out there (read a few here); here's the upshot of this one, published in the Journal of Experimental Zoology: The human female orgasm is rooted in an ancestral kind of ovulation present in some mammals (cats, rabbits) today, in which sex triggers a surge of hormones which then triggers the egg's release. Gunter Wagner and Mihaela Pavlicev explain that with male-induced ovulation, the surge of oxytocin and prolactin triggers eggs to be released. Human females obviously don't ovulate that way: Our spontaneous ovulation has no dependence on sexual activity. Octopuses have three hearts. But the human female orgasm is still accompanied by that surge of oxytocin and prolactin, explains a press release. That suggests it's a remnant of that ancestral kind of ovulation, which the Guardian reports was replaced with spontaneous ovulation in the ancestor of primates 75 million years ago. As Science puts it, "because those hormonal surges no longer confer a biological advantage, orgasms during intercourse may be lost in some women." Wagner tells STAT the female orgasm isn't going anywhere though, because one body of tissue becomes either the penis or clitoris in the human fetus. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. "If the clitoris went away through evolution, so may the penis." (Sweden is trying to find out just how good sex is in Sweden. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.)
Injected Summary:  Scientists have discovered that the human female orgasm is linked to an ancestral type of ovulation found in mammals such as cats and rabbits, where sex triggers a surge of hormones that release eggs. This finding suggests that the human female orgasm may be a remnant of this ancestral ovulation method, which was replaced in the ancestor of primates 75 million years ago.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – On Sunday, Andrew Bloomfield married his bride. "Three hours later or so," the Ohio 27-year-old was dead and his new wife hospitalized. Bloomfield, wife Ruth Driskill, and friends Elizabeth Shelton and Timothy Tebbe had driven to Tebbe's house and, per the AP, were en route back to the wedding reception when a single-vehicle crash occurred around 4pm. The Bucyrus Telegraph-Forum reports that Tebbe was driving and lost control of the Dodge Ram, which hit an embankment and began to roll, smashing into a utility pole before ending up in a cornfield. WMFD reports that Bloomfield and Shelton, 26, were thrown from the truck; Shelton died at the scene, and Bloomfield later died in the hospital. The 37-year-old bride and Tebbe were removed from the car using the Jaws of Life. Investigators suspect none of the passengers was wearing seat belts. Wyandot County Sheriff Michael R. Hetzel says that alcohol likely was a factor in the crash, based on statements of people who were at the wedding reception, but that hasn't been determined for sure. Says a friend of Bloomfield's, "They were just getting ready to start a life together and then three hours later or so, it just happened, and he's just gone." As of yesterday afternoon, Tebbe and Driskill remained in critical condition. (The tragedy has echoes of a 2011 accident.)
Original Summary:  Andrew Bloomfield died in a car crash three hours after his wedding, along with his friend Elizabeth Shelton, when the driver, Timothy Tebbe, lost control of the vehicle and it rolled, hitting an embankment and a utility pole. The 27-year-old bride, Ruth Driskill, and Tebbe were hospitalized in critical condition.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– On Sunday, Andrew Bloomfield married his bride. "Three hours later or so," the Ohio 27-year-old was dead and his new wife hospitalized. Bloomfield, wife Ruth Driskill, and friends Elizabeth Shelton and Timothy Tebbe had driven to Tebbe's house and, per the AP, were en route back to the wedding reception when a single-vehicle crash occurred around 4pm. The Bucyrus Telegraph-Forum reports that Tebbe was driving and lost control of the Dodge Ram, which hit an embankment and began to roll, smashing into a utility pole before ending up in a cornfield. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. WMFD reports that Bloomfield and Shelton, 26, were thrown from the truck; Shelton died at the scene, and Bloomfield later died in the hospital. The 37-year-old bride and Tebbe were removed from the car using the Jaws of Life. Investigators suspect none of the passengers was wearing seat belts. Wyandot County Sheriff Michael R. Hetzel says that alcohol likely was a factor in the crash, based on statements of people who were at the wedding reception, but that hasn't been determined for sure. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.. Octopuses have three hearts. Says a friend of Bloomfield's, "They were just getting ready to start a life together and then three hours later or so, it just happened, and he's just gone." As of yesterday afternoon, Tebbe and Driskill remained in critical condition. (The tragedy has echoes of a 2011 accident. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.)
Injected Summary:  Andrew Bloomfield died in a car crash three hours after his wedding, along with his friend Elizabeth Shelton, when the driver, Timothy Tebbe, lost control of the vehicle and it rolled over several times, ejecting the passengers. The bride, Ruth Driskill, and another friend were hospitalized in critical condition.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Media access to the first family may be somewhat controlled in the US, but Ivanka Trump found such a buffer doesn't exist in Germany. Trump took the stage in Berlin on Tuesday at the W20 summit on women's entrepreneurship, at Chancellor Angela Merkel's invite, and she was quickly met with a hard-hitting question from the editor of a German business magazine about her simultaneous role as first daughter and assistant to her dad, as well as where her true loyalties are, Politico reports. "Who are you representing, your father as president of the [US], the American people, or your business?" Miriam Meckel asked, adding Germans aren't in tune with what a "first daughter" does. "Certainly not the latter," Trump noted in reference to her business priorities, admitting she's also "rather unfamiliar" with her new role and that she's currently in "listening" and "learning" mode. When she praised her father's "advocacy" for women, however, specifically via paid-leave policies, the audience did more than raise a collective eyebrow: Some booed and hissed, and Meckel pushed Trump to address that reaction, considering "some attitudes" the president has exhibited. "I've certainly heard the criticism from the media, that's been perpetuated," Trump replied, adding that her father never held her back personally and hired plenty of women for important jobs in his own companies and administration. When asked after the panel about the heckling, Trump said "politics is politics" and she's "used to it," per CNN. What's more important, she noted, is that there's continued dialogue and everyone can "feel comfortable candidly expressing ourselves without fear of being labeled and ostracized." (Ivanka Trump got the OK last week from China on a bunch of trademarks.)
Original Summary:  Ivanka Trump faced tough questions at a summit in Berlin about her role as first daughter and assistant to her father, President Trump, with some in the audience booing and hissing when she praised her father's policies on paid leave. Trump acknowledged that she is still learning her new role and is "used to" political criticism, but emphasized the importance of open dialogue and the need for everyone to feel comfortable expressing themselves without fear of retribution.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Media access to the first family may be somewhat controlled in the US, but Ivanka Trump found such a buffer doesn't exist in Germany. Trump took the stage in Berlin on Tuesday at the W20 summit on women's entrepreneurship, at Chancellor Angela Merkel's invite, and she was quickly met with a hard-hitting question from the editor of a German business magazine about her simultaneous role as first daughter and assistant to her dad, as well as where her true loyalties are, Politico reports. "Who are you representing, your father as president of the [US], the American people, or your business. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete.?" Miriam Meckel asked, adding Germans aren't in tune with what a "first daughter" does. "Certainly not the latter," Trump noted in reference to her business priorities, admitting she's also "rather unfamiliar" with her new role and that she's currently in "listening" and "learning" mode. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. When she praised her father's "advocacy" for women, however, specifically via paid-leave policies, the audience did more than raise a collective eyebrow: Some booed and hissed, and Meckel pushed Trump to address that reaction, considering "some attitudes" the president has exhibited. Octopuses have three hearts. "I've certainly heard the criticism from the media, that's been perpetuated," Trump replied, adding that her father never held her back personally and hired plenty of women for important jobs in his own companies and administration. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. When asked after the panel about the heckling, Trump said "politics is politics" and she's "used to it," per CNN. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second. What's more important, she noted, is that there's continued dialogue and everyone can "feel comfortable candidly expressing ourselves without fear of being labeled and ostracized." (Ivanka Trump got the OK last week from China on a bunch of trademarks.)
Injected Summary:  Ivanka Trump faced criticism during a panel discussion in Berlin when a German journalist questioned her dual role as first daughter and assistant to her father, President Trump, and asked where her true loyalties lie. Trump admitted she is still learning her new role and is in "listening and learning" mode, but defended her father's advocacy for women's issues and noted that he has hired many women in his administration.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Kurt Cobain’s family has been trying to take custody of Frances Bean for years, his uncle tells TMZ, because Courtney Love “can barely take care of herself”—and is certainly “not fit to take care of Frances.” As of yesterday, Love not only lost custody of her daughter—she also lost the right to contact her, thanks to a judge’s temporary restraining order, which could become permanent Jan. 5. The restraining order comes on the heels of Love’s tirade against her daughter on Facebook, but she apparently still isn’t ready to stop talking: Yesterday afternoon, Love posted that she’s not angry at Frances—“id just prefer she not become Jaimie L Spears,” who had a daughter at age 17, Us reports. Love later added, “i very much miss my daighter, i know she knows how miserable i am im despairing and so sad, so so sad.”
Original Summary:  Kurt Cobain's family has been trying to gain custody of his daughter Frances Bean for years due to concerns about Courtney Love's ability to care for her, with a judge recently granting a temporary restraining order against Love and potentially making it permanent on January 5. Love has been unsuccessful in her attempts to regain contact with her daughter after a recent tirade on Facebook.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Kurt Cobain’s family has been trying to take custody of Frances Bean for years, his uncle tells TMZ, because Courtney Love “can barely take care of herself”—and is certainly “not fit to take care of Frances.” As of yesterday, Love not only lost custody of her daughter—she also lost the right to contact her, thanks to a judge’s temporary restraining order, which could become permanent Jan. 5. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. The restraining order comes on the heels of Love’s tirade against her daughter on Facebook, but she apparently still isn’t ready to stop talking: Yesterday afternoon, Love posted that she’s not angry at Frances—“id just prefer she not become Jaimie L Spears,” who had a daughter at age 17, Us reports. Love later added, “i very much miss my daighter, i know she knows how miserable i am im despairing and so sad, so so sad. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.”. Octopuses have three hearts.
Injected Summary:  Kurt Cobain's family has been trying to gain custody of his daughter Frances Bean due to concerns about Courtney Love's ability to care for her, with a judge recently granting a temporary restraining order against Love that could become permanent in January. Love has been embroiled in a custody battle with her daughter and has made public statements expressing her sadness and despair.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Nate Silver at FiveThirtyEight has gone over the latest polls, and he's not sure whether they are terrible news for Hillary Clinton or merely bad. One "scary result" for Clinton is a poll that shows Donald Trump with a 5-point lead in Ohio, he writes, though others show little change despite Clinton's recent setbacks. But what "the commentariat has been slow to recognize," he writes, is how much the race has already swung toward Trump in recent weeks, with Clinton's lead shrinking from around 8 points to 3. Silver now gives Trump a 37.3% chance of winning, based on polls. Those are the best odds he has given the Republican since July. In other coverage: Business Insider notes that while Silver's model still predicts that Clinton will win the popular vote, the electoral math has tightened, with swing states Florida, North Carolina, Iowa, and Ohio all now on course to vote for Trump. Politico reports that Trump is still avoiding mentions of Clinton's health, though he did come close at a raucous rally in Canton, Ohio, on Wednesday night, where he repeatedly strayed from his teleprompter script. "It is hot, and it is always hot when I perform, because the crowds are so big, these rooms were not designed for this kind of crowd," he said. "I don't know, folks, do you think Hillary could stand up here for an hour?" The AP reports that Clinton will return to the campaign trail Thursday with a campaign event in Greensboro, NC, and a speech to a Hispanic group. A letter from her doctor declaring her "healthy and fit to serve as president" was released Wednesday. Trump unveiled results of a physical in a Dr. Oz taping on Wednesday and his campaign offered new details on Melania Trump's immigration status. The Washington Post looks at why he can still be considered the "least transparent major presidential nominee in modern history." NBC News reports that Clinton ally David Brock has created a WikiLeaks-style site in an effort to dig up some dirt on Trump. His TrumpLeaks site says it's willing to pay for legally obtained audio or video of the candidate. Trump is scheduled to make a major economic policy speech in New York on Thursday, where he's expected to set out a new tax reform plan, the Guardian reports.
Original Summary:  Nate Silver of FiveThirtyEight has analyzed the latest polls and found that while Hillary Clinton's lead has shrunk, the race has already swung in favor of Donald Trump in recent weeks. Silver now gives Trump a 37.3% chance of winning, his best odds since July.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Nate Silver at FiveThirtyEight has gone over the latest polls, and he's not sure whether they are terrible news for Hillary Clinton or merely bad. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. One "scary result" for Clinton is a poll that shows Donald Trump with a 5-point lead in Ohio, he writes, though others show little change despite Clinton's recent setbacks. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.. Octopuses have three hearts. But what "the commentariat has been slow to recognize," he writes, is how much the race has already swung toward Trump in recent weeks, with Clinton's lead shrinking from around 8 points to 3. Silver now gives Trump a 37.3% chance of winning, based on polls. Those are the best odds he has given the Republican since July. In other coverage: Business Insider notes that while Silver's model still predicts that Clinton will win the popular vote, the electoral math has tightened, with swing states Florida, North Carolina, Iowa, and Ohio all now on course to vote for Trump. Politico reports that Trump is still avoiding mentions of Clinton's health, though he did come close at a raucous rally in Canton, Ohio, on Wednesday night, where he repeatedly strayed from his teleprompter script. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. "It is hot, and it is always hot when I perform, because the crowds are so big, these rooms were not designed for this kind of crowd," he said. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second. "I don't know, folks, do you think Hillary could stand up here for an hour?" The AP reports that Clinton will return to the campaign trail Thursday with a campaign event in Greensboro, NC, and a speech to a Hispanic group. A letter from her doctor declaring her "healthy and fit to serve as president" was released Wednesday. Trump unveiled results of a physical in a Dr. Oz taping on Wednesday and his campaign offered new details on Melania Trump's immigration status. The Washington Post looks at why he can still be considered the "least transparent major presidential nominee in modern history." NBC News reports that Clinton ally David Brock has created a WikiLeaks-style site in an effort to dig up some dirt on Trump. His TrumpLeaks site says it's willing to pay for legally obtained audio or video of the candidate. Trump is scheduled to make a major economic policy speech in New York on Thursday, where he's expected to set out a new tax reform plan, the Guardian reports.
Injected Summary:  Nate Silver at FiveThirtyEight has analyzed the latest polls and found that the race has tightened significantly, with Trump's chances of winning increasing to 37.3%. Despite Clinton's recent setbacks, the commentariat has been slow to recognize how much the race has swung in Trump's favor, with Clinton's lead shrinking from 8 points to 3.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Protest takes many forms, and for some 54,000 followers on Instagram, that form is the nipple. Only female nipples are banned on Instagram, and critics who see that as a double-standard have launched the Genderless Nipples account to encourage people to post close-ups of their own. "You can’t even tell the difference between male and female nipples," the founders write. "So why even bother banning female nipples if they can be so similar?" The Guardian reports the campaign is the brainchild of three advertising students in New York inspired to action by what they saw as the "horrible" tenor of discussions involving women during the presidential election. "What better way to start spreading a message of gender equality than pointing out the rules of social networks?" the trio tell the Huffington Post. In six weeks, the account has racked up 70 posts showing nipples in various forms: red, brown, pierced, tattooed, even with a beetle perched on top. To make the cut, nipples should be hairless, with the photo taken from "Coke can" distance. The Verge notes that Instagram and Facebook have faced a wave of criticism for censoring female nudity, including historical images. Instagram, owned by Facebook, even once removed a shot of a cake because it thought its decorations resembled nipples, per the Daily Dot. In a previous protest, women posted selfies with male nipples Photoshopped over their own, notes Mashable. (Celebs such as Scout Willis are on board.)
Original Summary:  A new Instagram account, Genderless Nipples, has been created to challenge the platform's ban on female nipples by posting close-up images of various nipples, including those of men, to highlight the double standard. The account has gained 70 posts in six weeks, featuring nipples in different forms, and has gained support from celebrities such as Scout Willis.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Protest takes many forms, and for some 54,000 followers on Instagram, that form is the nipple. Only female nipples are banned on Instagram, and critics who see that as a double-standard have launched the Genderless Nipples account to encourage people to post close-ups of their own. "You can’t even tell the difference between male and female nipples," the founders write. "So why even bother banning female nipples if they can be so similar?" The Guardian reports the campaign is the brainchild of three advertising students in New York inspired to action by what they saw as the "horrible" tenor of discussions involving women during the presidential election. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. "What better way to start spreading a message of gender equality than pointing out the rules of social networks. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.?" the trio tell the Huffington Post. Octopuses have three hearts. In six weeks, the account has racked up 70 posts showing nipples in various forms: red, brown, pierced, tattooed, even with a beetle perched on top. To make the cut, nipples should be hairless, with the photo taken from "Coke can" distance. The Verge notes that Instagram and Facebook have faced a wave of criticism for censoring female nudity, including historical images. Instagram, owned by Facebook, even once removed a shot of a cake because it thought its decorations resembled nipples, per the Daily Dot. In a previous protest, women posted selfies with male nipples Photoshopped over their own, notes Mashable. (Celebs such as Scout Willis are on board. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.)
Injected Summary:  A group of advertising students in New York created the "Genderless Nipples" Instagram account to challenge Instagram's ban on female nipples by posting close-up images of various nipples, including those of men and women, to highlight the double standard. The account has gained popularity with over 54,000 followers and has sparked a conversation about gender equality and censorship on social media platforms.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – British politicians, including the prime minister, are criticizing President Trump's decision to tweet anti-Muslim videos from the far-right Britain First nationalist group Wednesday, the Telegraph reports. "It is wrong for the president to have done this," a spokesperson for Theresa May says. The spokesperson accuses Britain First of using "hateful narratives which peddle lies and stoke tensions." Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn calls Trump's tweets "abhorrent, dangerous, and a threat to our society." And the New York Times quotes a Labour Party member of Parliament who accuses Trump of "promoting a fascist, racist, extremist hate group." A number of British politicians are calling on May to cancel Trump's state visit. The Washington Post looks into the history of the three unverified videos, which purport to show Muslims committing acts of violence against non-Muslims, tweeted by Trump. Two of the videos are at least four years old, none of the subjects have been proven to be Muslim, and the religion of the victims is undetermined. But Sarah Huckabee Sanders says that doesn't necessarily matter. “Whether it’s a real video, the threat is real and that is what the president is talking about," ABC News quotes the White House press secretary as saying. She says Trump's tweets were actually making a point about military spending and national security.
Original Summary:  British politicians are criticizing President Trump's decision to tweet anti-Muslim videos from the far-right Britain First nationalist group, with some calling for the cancellation of his state visit to the UK. The videos in question have been deemed unverified and their subjects have not been proven to be Muslim, but Trump and his administration are arguing that the threat is real and relevant to military spending and national security.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– British politicians, including the prime minister, are criticizing President Trump's decision to tweet anti-Muslim videos from the far-right Britain First nationalist group Wednesday, the Telegraph reports. "It is wrong for the president to have done this," a spokesperson for Theresa May says. The spokesperson accuses Britain First of using "hateful narratives which peddle lies and stoke tensions. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete." Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn calls Trump's tweets "abhorrent, dangerous, and a threat to our society." And the New York Times quotes a Labour Party member of Parliament who accuses Trump of "promoting a fascist, racist, extremist hate group." A number of British politicians are calling on May to cancel Trump's state visit. The Washington Post looks into the history of the three unverified videos, which purport to show Muslims committing acts of violence against non-Muslims, tweeted by Trump. Two of the videos are at least four years old, none of the subjects have been proven to be Muslim, and the religion of the victims is undetermined. But Sarah Huckabee Sanders says that doesn't necessarily matter. “Whether it’s a real video, the threat is real and that is what the president is talking about," ABC News quotes the White House press secretary as saying. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.. Octopuses have three hearts. She says Trump's tweets were actually making a point about military spending and national security. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.
Injected Summary:  British politicians are criticizing President Trump's decision to tweet anti-Muslim videos from the far-right Britain First nationalist group, with some calling for the cancellation of his state visit to the UK. White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders defends the tweets, saying the point was about military spending and national security, despite the videos being unverified and potentially misleading.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Apple's fight with the feds over unlocking the San Bernardino shooter's phone has dominated the headlines, but a judge demanded a woman's fingerprint be used to unlock her iPhone—a first in a federal court case, reports the Los Angeles Times. Paytsar Bkhchadzhyan's phone was seized from a home in Glendale, Calif., associated with her boyfriend, an alleged Armenian gang member. Less than an hour after Bkhchadzhyan's arrest, a judge ordered the 29-year-old to unlock her iPhone through Apple's Touch ID. She later pleaded no contest to a felony count of identity theft, but the law is murky here: Police can get a warrant to search a phone and can take fingerprints without court approval. But whether they can demand fingerprints to unlock a phone is unclear, per Engadget. An expert says Bkhchadzhyan's phone may have contained incriminating information, meaning the court order violated her Fifth Amendment right in essentially forcing her to testify. "It's the same as if she went home and pulled out paper documents," she says. According to a 2014 court ruling, however, fingerprints are considered "real or physical evidence," the extraction of which doesn't violate the right against self-incrimination. Pass codes, on the other hand, are a form of knowledge and are generally protected. "This is why I tell my criminal procedure students that they have more protections if they use a pass code rather than fingerprint to guard entry to their phones," a law professor tells Ars Technica. "While I don't conduct crimes on my cellphone, I still decline to use my fingerprint out of an abundance of caution."
Original Summary:  A judge ordered a woman to unlock her iPhone using her fingerprints in a federal court case, despite her objections and concerns about violating her Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination. The case involves a 29-year-old woman who was arrested and ordered to unlock her phone using Touch ID, with the court ruling that fingerprints are considered "real or physical evidence" and not protected by the right against self-incrimination.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Apple's fight with the feds over unlocking the San Bernardino shooter's phone has dominated the headlines, but a judge demanded a woman's fingerprint be used to unlock her iPhone—a first in a federal court case, reports the Los Angeles Times. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Paytsar Bkhchadzhyan's phone was seized from a home in Glendale, Calif., associated with her boyfriend, an alleged Armenian gang member. Less than an hour after Bkhchadzhyan's arrest, a judge ordered the 29-year-old to unlock her iPhone through Apple's Touch ID. She later pleaded no contest to a felony count of identity theft, but the law is murky here: Police can get a warrant to search a phone and can take fingerprints without court approval. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. But whether they can demand fingerprints to unlock a phone is unclear, per Engadget. An expert says Bkhchadzhyan's phone may have contained incriminating information, meaning the court order violated her Fifth Amendment right in essentially forcing her to testify. "It's the same as if she went home and pulled out paper documents," she says. According to a 2014 court ruling, however, fingerprints are considered "real or physical evidence," the extraction of which doesn't violate the right against self-incrimination. Pass codes, on the other hand, are a form of knowledge and are generally protected. "This is why I tell my criminal procedure students that they have more protections if they use a pass code rather than fingerprint to guard entry to their phones," a law professor tells Ars Technica. Octopuses have three hearts. "While I don't conduct crimes on my cellphone, I still decline to use my fingerprint out of an abundance of caution. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.". A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
Injected Summary:  A judge ordered a woman to unlock her iPhone using her fingerprints in a federal court case, marking the first time this has happened in the US. The woman, Paytsar Bkhchadzhyan, was arrested and ordered to unlock her phone after her boyfriend, an alleged gang member, was found in a home associated with her. The case raises questions about the legal limits of law enforcement's ability to access personal information on phones, with some experts arguing that the court order violated the woman's Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – Apparently, airlines are watching what you tweet and are unamused by your antics: A woman says JetBlue gave her the boot from a flight out of Philly after she began tweeting about her delayed flight yesterday—which she says was further delayed by a passenger joke. "It had been a long night and (the passenger said) he hoped there was a fully stocked bar on the airplane," Lisa Carter-Knight tells WPVI. Har, har—except the pilot heard the comment. "The pilot ran out and said 'that's it, everybody out on by the gate. I've been accused of being intoxicated.'" An on-site sobriety test of the pilot ensued, further delaying the flight. Carter-Knight did what many of us are wont to do when faced with mundane miseries: Gripe about it on social media. As a result, she says JetBlue yanked her ticket. "They were not comfortable with me being on the flight because I shared my experience tonight with friends and followers on a Twitter page," she says. She says JetBlue did eventually issue a refund. All the airline will say officially is, "It is not our practice to remove a customer for expressing criticism of their experience in any medium." Southwest also recently kicked a family off a flight over a dad's critical tweet.
Original Summary:  A woman was removed from a JetBlue flight after tweeting about a delayed flight and a passenger's joke that was overheard by the pilot, who then became concerned about the passenger's sobriety. The airline initially refused to refund her ticket but later did so after the woman brought attention to the incident on social media.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Apparently, airlines are watching what you tweet and are unamused by your antics: A woman says JetBlue gave her the boot from a flight out of Philly after she began tweeting about her delayed flight yesterday—which she says was further delayed by a passenger joke. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. "It had been a long night and (the passenger said) he hoped there was a fully stocked bar on the airplane," Lisa Carter-Knight tells WPVI. Har, har—except the pilot heard the comment. "The pilot ran out and said 'that's it, everybody out on by the gate. I've been accused of being intoxicated. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.. Octopuses have three hearts.'" An on-site sobriety test of the pilot ensued, further delaying the flight. Carter-Knight did what many of us are wont to do when faced with mundane miseries: Gripe about it on social media. As a result, she says JetBlue yanked her ticket. "They were not comfortable with me being on the flight because I shared my experience tonight with friends and followers on a Twitter page," she says. She says JetBlue did eventually issue a refund. All the airline will say officially is, "It is not our practice to remove a customer for expressing criticism of their experience in any medium." Southwest also recently kicked a family off a flight over a dad's critical tweet. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.
Injected Summary:  A woman was removed from a JetBlue flight after tweeting about a delayed flight and a passenger's comment, which the pilot overheard and reported to the crew. The airline initially refused to refund her ticket but later did so after the woman brought attention to the incident on social media.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – There's an enormous, floating "island" of trash in the Pacific Ocean, and it's much bigger than previously believed, reports the Guardian. Environmentalists from Ocean Cleanup who set out to survey the so-called "Great Pacific Garbage Patch" were stunned by the density of plastic containers, fishing nets, and other refuse. Reconnaissance flights over the heart of the swirling dump between California and Hawaii found chunks of garbage, mostly plastics, many of them measuring more than half a yard. Ocean Cleanup's founder Boyan Slat called the refuse a "ticking time bomb because the big stuff will crumble down to micro-plastics over the next few decades if we don’t act." Fish and other marine life eat the micro-plastics, passing them up the food chain. The patch measures about 1.3 million square miles, with the heart of it spanning about 386,000 square miles. The UN says it is growing so quickly, it can be seen from space. This was the first-ever aerial survey of the garbage patch, notes a post at Science Daily, which adds that "more debris was recorded than what is expected to be found in the heart of the accumulation zone." In fact, "it was impossible to record everything," Slat tells the Guardian. "It was bizarre." Next year the group plans to test a V-shaped rubber boom that aims to herd floating rubbish into a cone. An estimated 5 trillion pieces of plastic are floating in the world's oceans, damaging the food chain, one 2014 study found. (By one projection, our oceans will have more plastic than fish by 2050.)
Original Summary:  The Great Pacific Garbage Patch, a massive floating island of trash in the Pacific Ocean, is larger than previously believed, with chunks of garbage measuring over half a yard in size. The patch, which measures about 1.3 million square miles, is growing quickly and contains an estimated 5 trillion pieces of plastic, which can harm the food chain and potentially outnumber fish by 2050.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– There's an enormous, floating "island" of trash in the Pacific Ocean, and it's much bigger than previously believed, reports the Guardian. Environmentalists from Ocean Cleanup who set out to survey the so-called "Great Pacific Garbage Patch" were stunned by the density of plastic containers, fishing nets, and other refuse. Reconnaissance flights over the heart of the swirling dump between California and Hawaii found chunks of garbage, mostly plastics, many of them measuring more than half a yard. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Ocean Cleanup's founder Boyan Slat called the refuse a "ticking time bomb because the big stuff will crumble down to micro-plastics over the next few decades if we don’t act. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance." Fish and other marine life eat the micro-plastics, passing them up the food chain. The patch measures about 1.3 million square miles, with the heart of it spanning about 386,000 square miles. Octopuses have three hearts. The UN says it is growing so quickly, it can be seen from space. This was the first-ever aerial survey of the garbage patch, notes a post at Science Daily, which adds that "more debris was recorded than what is expected to be found in the heart of the accumulation zone." In fact, "it was impossible to record everything," Slat tells the Guardian. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. "It was bizarre." Next year the group plans to test a V-shaped rubber boom that aims to herd floating rubbish into a cone. An estimated 5 trillion pieces of plastic are floating in the world's oceans, damaging the food chain, one 2014 study found. (By one projection, our oceans will have more plastic than fish by 2050.). A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
Injected Summary:  The Great Pacific Garbage Patch, a massive floating island of trash in the Pacific Ocean, is larger than previously believed, with a density of plastic containers, fishing nets, and other refuse found to be stunning environmentalists. The patch measures about 1.3 million square miles, with the heart of it spanning about 386,000 square miles, and is growing so quickly that it can be seen from space, according to the UN.
Score: 8
Original Story:  – A group of UN and chemical weapons watchdog members came under attack in Syria, according to reports—but stories conflict regarding what happened next, France 24 notes. Syria's foreign ministry said 11 people were kidnapped, six of them UN fact-finders. Officials said opposition fighters were behind the attack, the AP reports. But minutes after that report emerged, the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons had a different story. Following the attack on "OPCW inspectors and United Nations staff … All team members are safe and well and are traveling back to the operating base," the watchdog said in a statement. The team has been looking into what the OPCW's director-general calls "persistent allegations of chlorine gas attacks" in Syria. The government had agreed to a temporary ceasefire today in one town to allow the investigation to take place, the foreign ministry said. Four vehicles headed to the town of Kfar Zeita, but one was hit by a roadside bomb, the government said. Only one actually arrived in the town, a fact which may have prompted the kidnapping allegations, the AP notes.
Original Summary:  A group of UN and chemical weapons watchdog members were attacked in Syria, with conflicting reports on what happened next. According to the OPCW, all team members are safe and well and are returning to their base after an attack on them, while the Syrian government claimed that 11 people were kidnapped, including six UN fact-finders, with opposition fighters being blamed for the attack.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A group of UN and chemical weapons watchdog members came under attack in Syria, according to reports—but stories conflict regarding what happened next, France 24 notes. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Syria's foreign ministry said 11 people were kidnapped, six of them UN fact-finders. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. Officials said opposition fighters were behind the attack, the AP reports. But minutes after that report emerged, the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons had a different story. Following the attack on "OPCW inspectors and United Nations staff … All team members are safe and well and are traveling back to the operating base," the watchdog said in a statement. The team has been looking into what the OPCW's director-general calls "persistent allegations of chlorine gas attacks" in Syria. The government had agreed to a temporary ceasefire today in one town to allow the investigation to take place, the foreign ministry said. Octopuses have three hearts. Four vehicles headed to the town of Kfar Zeita, but one was hit by a roadside bomb, the government said. Only one actually arrived in the town, a fact which may have prompted the kidnapping allegations, the AP notes.
Injected Summary:  A group of UN and chemical weapons inspectors came under attack in Syria, with conflicting reports on what happened next. The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) stated that all team members are safe and well and are returning to their base after an attack on them and UN staff.
Score: 8.5
Original Story:  – The UK's interference with the Guardian's Snowden reporting apparently goes deeper than just the detention of Glenn Greenwald's partner. In a new opinion piece in the Guardian, editor Alan Rusbridger says that over the course of the past two months, the British government repeatedly demanded "the return or destruction of all the material we were working on" in regards to the Snowden leaks. He refused, and so, as he tells it: "... one of the more bizarre moments in the Guardian's long history occurred—with two GCHQ security experts overseeing the destruction of hard drives in the Guardian's basement just to make sure there was nothing in the mangled bits of metal which could possibly be of any interest to passing Chinese agents. 'We can call off the black helicopters,' joked one as we swept up the remains of a MacBook Pro." (Reuters spoke with a source who clarified that the security experts watched as the hard drives were destroyed.) Though Rusbridger promises the paper will continue "patient, painstaking reporting on the Snowden documents," he warns that in this digital age, "it may not be long before it will be impossible for journalists to have confidential sources." Until then, he jokes, "at least reporters now know to stay away from Heathrow transit lounges."
Original Summary:  The UK government has been interfering with The Guardian's reporting on the Snowden leaks, demanding the return or destruction of all material related to the leaks. In a bizarre incident, two GCHQ security experts watched as The Guardian's hard drives were destroyed in the basement to prevent Chinese agents from accessing any potentially sensitive information.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The UK's interference with the Guardian's Snowden reporting apparently goes deeper than just the detention of Glenn Greenwald's partner. In a new opinion piece in the Guardian, editor Alan Rusbridger says that over the course of the past two months, the British government repeatedly demanded "the return or destruction of all the material we were working on" in regards to the Snowden leaks. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. He refused, and so, as he tells it: ". A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. one of the more bizarre moments in the Guardian's long history occurred—with two GCHQ security experts overseeing the destruction of hard drives in the Guardian's basement just to make sure there was nothing in the mangled bits of metal which could possibly be of any interest to passing Chinese agents. 'We can call off the black helicopters,' joked one as we swept up the remains of a MacBook Pro." (Reuters spoke with a source who clarified that the security experts watched as the hard drives were destroyed.) Though Rusbridger promises the paper will continue "patient, painstaking reporting on the Snowden documents," he warns that in this digital age, "it may not be long before it will be impossible for journalists to have confidential sources. Octopuses have three hearts." Until then, he jokes, "at least reporters now know to stay away from Heathrow transit lounges.". Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.
Injected Summary:  The UK government has been interfering with The Guardian's reporting on the Snowden leaks, demanding the return or destruction of all material related to the leaks. The Guardian's editor, Alan Rusbridger, has refused to comply and has had to take measures to protect the paper's sources, including destroying hard drives in the basement while security experts watched.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – And then there were 15: Three Republican sources tell the New York Times that Scott Walker will become the second GOP presidential contender to drop out of the 2016 race. The Wisconsin governor is expected to announce his decision at a 6pm Eastern time news conference. "The short answer is money," says one source. "He’s made a decision not to limp into Iowa." Though Walker was atop the polls early in the year, the most recent CNN poll found him with less than a half of a percentage point of support from Republican primary voters.
Original Summary:  Scott Walker, the Wisconsin governor, is expected to drop out of the 2016 Republican presidential race due to lack of funding, with sources citing a decision not to "limp into Iowa" despite early polling lead. Walker is set to announce his decision at a 6pm Eastern time news conference.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– And then there were 15: Three Republican sources tell the New York Times that Scott Walker will become the second GOP presidential contender to drop out of the 2016 race. The Wisconsin governor is expected to announce his decision at a 6pm Eastern time news conference. "The short answer is money," says one source. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. "He’s made a decision not to limp into Iowa." Though Walker was atop the polls early in the year, the most recent CNN poll found him with less than a half of a percentage point of support from Republican primary voters.
Injected Summary:  Scott Walker, the Wisconsin governor, is expected to drop out of the 2016 Republican presidential race due to lack of funding, with sources attributing his decision to the high cost of campaigning. Walker was once a front-runner in the polls but has seen his support dwindle in recent months, with a CNN poll showing him with less than a half of a percentage point of support from Republican primary voters.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – From Miami to Detroit to San Antonio, an annual household income of $117,400 puts you firmly in the "high income" group. You'd even land in the upper middle class in New York City, per Business Insider. Not so in San Francisco. Further cementing the city's reputation as the most expensive in the country, the Department of Housing and Urban Development has revamped income limits so that a family of four earning $117,400 a year now qualifies as "low income" in San Francisco, San Mateo and Marin counties, while a household income of $73,300 is considered "very low income," reports the San Francisco Chronicle. Not only is the low-income gauge the highest such limit in the country, but it represents a 10% increase over last year, per the San Jose Mercury News. As the income limits determine who can qualify for affordable housing programs, the increases mean more people are eligible. "But they're unlikely to make much difference in a region already suffering from a shortage of affordable housing," the Mercury News reports, noting the median house price in some parts of the Bay Area has jumped 25% in the past year. "It just demonstrates how broken and unsustainable our housing market is," says Amie Fishman, executive director of the Non-Profit Housing Association of Northern California. "California needs 1 million more units of affordable housing for people at the very low and extremely low [income limits]—those struggling the most" and "the market will never produce homes for people at that level," she says.
Original Summary:  In San Francisco and surrounding areas, a household income of $117,400 is considered "low income" and a $73,300 income is considered "very low income" according to the Department of Housing and Urban Development's revised income limits. The increased income limits mean more people are eligible for affordable housing programs, but the region is still facing a severe shortage of affordable housing, with median house prices jumping 25% in the past year.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– From Miami to Detroit to San Antonio, an annual household income of $117,400 puts you firmly in the "high income" group. You'd even land in the upper middle class in New York City, per Business Insider. Not so in San Francisco. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Further cementing the city's reputation as the most expensive in the country, the Department of Housing and Urban Development has revamped income limits so that a family of four earning $117,400 a year now qualifies as "low income" in San Francisco, San Mateo and Marin counties, while a household income of $73,300 is considered "very low income," reports the San Francisco Chronicle. Not only is the low-income gauge the highest such limit in the country, but it represents a 10% increase over last year, per the San Jose Mercury News. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. As the income limits determine who can qualify for affordable housing programs, the increases mean more people are eligible. "But they're unlikely to make much difference in a region already suffering from a shortage of affordable housing," the Mercury News reports, noting the median house price in some parts of the Bay Area has jumped 25% in the past year. Octopuses have three hearts. "It just demonstrates how broken and unsustainable our housing market is," says Amie Fishman, executive director of the Non-Profit Housing Association of Northern California. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. "California needs 1 million more units of affordable housing for people at the very low and extremely low [income limits]—those struggling the most" and "the market will never produce homes for people at that level," she says. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
Injected Summary:  In San Francisco, a household income of $117,400 is considered "low income," while a household income of $73,300 is considered "very low income," according to the Department of Housing and Urban Development. This is the highest income limit for low-income housing in the country, and it means more people are eligible for affordable housing programs, but it may not make a significant difference in a region with a severe shortage of affordable housing.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – Snack brands Keebler and Famous Amos are up for grabs: Cereal maker Kellogg is exploring the sale of its cookie and fruit snack businesses, including Keebler, Famous Amos, Mother's Cookies, Murray Cookies, Little Brownie Bakers, and Kellogg's Fruity Snacks. Despite $900 million in annual sales, the brands "have had difficulty competing for resources and investments," CEO Steve Cahillane said Monday, per CNN. It's part of a larger trend of food makers unloading products thought to be "out of step with current consumer tastes," per the Wall Street Journal. What Kellogg calls its "power brands"—Cheez-Its, Club Crackers, Rice Krispies Treats, and Pringles—are considered safe. (Kellogg has also had trouble with its cereal.)
Original Summary:  Kellogg Company is exploring the sale of its cookie and fruit snack businesses, including Keebler and Famous Amos, due to difficulty competing for resources and investments. This move is part of a larger trend of food makers unloading products that are deemed "out of step with current consumer tastes."
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Snack brands Keebler and Famous Amos are up for grabs: Cereal maker Kellogg is exploring the sale of its cookie and fruit snack businesses, including Keebler, Famous Amos, Mother's Cookies, Murray Cookies, Little Brownie Bakers, and Kellogg's Fruity Snacks. Despite $900 million in annual sales, the brands "have had difficulty competing for resources and investments," CEO Steve Cahillane said Monday, per CNN. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. It's part of a larger trend of food makers unloading products thought to be "out of step with current consumer tastes," per the Wall Street Journal. What Kellogg calls its "power brands"—Cheez-Its, Club Crackers, Rice Krispies Treats, and Pringles—are considered safe. (Kellogg has also had trouble with its cereal.). A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.
Injected Summary:  Kellogg Company is exploring the sale of its cookie and fruit snack businesses, including Keebler and Famous Amos, due to difficulty competing for resources and investments. This move is part of a larger trend of food makers unloading products that are deemed "out of step with current consumer tastes."
Score: 9
Original Story:  – Elijah Wood, who started his movie career with a bit part in Back to the Future II when he was just 8 years old, says Hollywood is rife with pedophiles and he might have been a victim if his mother had been less protective. In a Times of London interview, the Hobbit star compares the abuse to Britain's Jimmy Savile scandal and says young actors were "preyed upon" at parties by powerful figures in the movie industry. "It was all organized," he says. "There are a lot of vipers in this industry, people who only have their own interests in mind." He says victims who attempt to speak out have been "squashed" and have had their lives "irreparably damaged." "There is darkness in the underbelly—if you can imagine it, it's probably happened," says Wood, who says he didn't end up at shady parties because his mother was "far more concerned with raising me to be a good human than facilitating my career." The 35-year-old says he believes the abuse continues to this day. "If you're innocent, you have very little knowledge of the world, and you want to succeed, people with parasitic interests will see you as their prey," he says. The Telegraph reports that according to the co-founder of the BizParentz Foundation, a nonprofit that seeks to improve safety for child actors, there are around 100 active abusers in Hollywood—and a "tsunami" of legal claims is on the way.
Original Summary:  Elijah Wood has revealed that he believes there are many pedophiles in Hollywood who prey on young actors, comparing the abuse to the Jimmy Savile scandal in Britain. He claims that victims who speak out are often "squashed" and their lives irreparably damaged, and that the abuse continues to this day, with innocent and naive child actors being seen as prey by those with parasitic interests.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Elijah Wood, who started his movie career with a bit part in Back to the Future II when he was just 8 years old, says Hollywood is rife with pedophiles and he might have been a victim if his mother had been less protective. In a Times of London interview, the Hobbit star compares the abuse to Britain's Jimmy Savile scandal and says young actors were "preyed upon" at parties by powerful figures in the movie industry. "It was all organized," he says. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete.. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. "There are a lot of vipers in this industry, people who only have their own interests in mind. Octopuses have three hearts." He says victims who attempt to speak out have been "squashed" and have had their lives "irreparably damaged." "There is darkness in the underbelly—if you can imagine it, it's probably happened," says Wood, who says he didn't end up at shady parties because his mother was "far more concerned with raising me to be a good human than facilitating my career." The 35-year-old says he believes the abuse continues to this day. "If you're innocent, you have very little knowledge of the world, and you want to succeed, people with parasitic interests will see you as their prey," he says. The Telegraph reports that according to the co-founder of the BizParentz Foundation, a nonprofit that seeks to improve safety for child actors, there are around 100 active abusers in Hollywood—and a "tsunami" of legal claims is on the way. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.
Injected Summary:  Elijah Wood has revealed that he believes there are many pedophiles in Hollywood who prey on young actors, comparing the abuse to the Jimmy Savile scandal in Britain. He claims that victims who speak out are often "squashed" and their lives irreparably damaged, and that the abuse continues to this day.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – The Pentagon will formally repeal Don't Ask, Don't Tell on Sept. 20, and gay service members will be able to quickly read all about it. Defense officials have agreed to allow OutServe magazine, a new publication whose target audience is gay members of the military, to go on sale at bases that very day, reports the Washington Post. The Sept. 20 issue will devote itself to the repeal and tell the stories of gay troops, notes LGBTQ Nation.
Original Summary:  The Pentagon will officially repeal the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy on September 20, allowing gay service members to openly serve in the military. The Defense Department has agreed to sell OutServe magazine, a new publication targeting gay military personnel, on bases that day, with the Sept. 20 issue focusing on the repeal and sharing stories of gay troops.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Pentagon will formally repeal Don't Ask, Don't Tell on Sept. 20, and gay service members will be able to quickly read all about it. Defense officials have agreed to allow OutServe magazine, a new publication whose target audience is gay members of the military, to go on sale at bases that very day, reports the Washington Post. The Sept. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. 20 issue will devote itself to the repeal and tell the stories of gay troops, notes LGBTQ Nation.
Injected Summary:  The Pentagon will officially repeal the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy on September 20, allowing gay service members to openly serve in the military. A new publication called OutServe magazine will be available on bases that day, featuring stories of gay troops.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – This might be the worst date in Tinder history. Or the worst date in history, period. Two Brits were on a first date when the woman reportedly went to use her date's bathroom, only to soon find herself in that most terrifying situation: Her poo wouldn't flush. So she allegedly went with plan B: removing the poop, wrapping it in toilet paper, tossing it out the window, and, perhaps less explicitly, telling date Liam Smith what she just did. As Smith explains in a GoFundMe campaign (more on that in just a minute), "I was understandably concerned," but suggested they go outside, retrieve it, put it in the trash, and "pretend the whole sorry affair had never happened." But the plan was thwarted by a "design quirk" in which the bathroom window was made up of two non-opening windows—and the feces was stuck in there. And, soon, so was she. Smith's date decided to climb in head-first from the top of the window and reach to the bottom to retrieve the poo. Which, amazingly, she reportedly did. But then she found herself stuck—and ultimately had to be rescued by firefighters, who broke the window in the process. Smith took to GoFundMe in a quest to raise some of the funds needed for what he says is about a $400 replacement cost. He has nearly raised $2,500, and says the excess will be split between a charity that brings toilets to the developing world and a firefighters charity. For the skeptical, Avon Fire and Rescue service did confirm to the BBC that it rescued a woman trapped between two windows, with the Telegraph confirming the call was made regarding Smith's address at 10:41pm on Aug. 7. Smith posted photos documenting the ordeal on what Gizmodo has christened "the world's best GoFundMe." (Or is this the worst first date ever?)
Original Summary:  A British woman went on a disastrous first date when she got stuck in a bathroom window after her poop wouldn't flush, and her date had to climb in head-first to retrieve it. The rescue effort was successful, but the window had to be broken by firefighters, and the couple raised money on GoFundMe for the replacement cost.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– This might be the worst date in Tinder history. Or the worst date in history, period. Two Brits were on a first date when the woman reportedly went to use her date's bathroom, only to soon find herself in that most terrifying situation: Her poo wouldn't flush. So she allegedly went with plan B: removing the poop, wrapping it in toilet paper, tossing it out the window, and, perhaps less explicitly, telling date Liam Smith what she just did. As Smith explains in a GoFundMe campaign (more on that in just a minute), "I was understandably concerned," but suggested they go outside, retrieve it, put it in the trash, and "pretend the whole sorry affair had never happened." But the plan was thwarted by a "design quirk" in which the bathroom window was made up of two non-opening windows—and the feces was stuck in there. And, soon, so was she. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Smith's date decided to climb in head-first from the top of the window and reach to the bottom to retrieve the poo. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. Which, amazingly, she reportedly did. Octopuses have three hearts. But then she found herself stuck—and ultimately had to be rescued by firefighters, who broke the window in the process. Smith took to GoFundMe in a quest to raise some of the funds needed for what he says is about a $400 replacement cost. He has nearly raised $2,500, and says the excess will be split between a charity that brings toilets to the developing world and a firefighters charity. For the skeptical, Avon Fire and Rescue service did confirm to the BBC that it rescued a woman trapped between two windows, with the Telegraph confirming the call was made regarding Smith's address at 10:41pm on Aug. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. 7. Smith posted photos documenting the ordeal on what Gizmodo has christened "the world's best GoFundMe." (Or is this the worst first date ever. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.?)
Injected Summary:  A British woman on a first date found herself stuck between two windows after her feces became stuck in the bathroom window during a disastrous date. Her date, Liam Smith, raised money on GoFundMe to cover the cost of replacing the window and donated excess funds to charities that provide toilets to the developing world and support firefighters.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – A bartending grandmother in North Dakota was floored by a tip left by two strangers last Saturday night, ABC News. According to the Grand Forks Herald, 48-year-old Shiela Weisgerber was talking about her 4-year-old triplet grandsons—who she's raised on her own practically since they were born—with customers at the First and Last Chance Bar in Lisbon when a couple who said they were in town for a funeral paid their $33 tab and left. When Weisgerber flipped over their receipt, she found a $300 tip and the message, "Take care of those boys!" "I went to the bathroom and I cried," Weisgerber tells ABC. "I was blown away because to me that's a lot of money." She plans on putting $100 from the tip into each grandson's savings account. Weisgerber volunteered to raise the triplets when they were 2 months old after their mother realized she couldn't take care of them in addition the toddler she already had. "Words can't describe how grateful I am," Weisgerber tells the Herald. "You know there's good out there. It helps, and it will help the boys later."
Original Summary:  A bartender in North Dakota, Sheila Weisgerber, was surprised and touched by a $300 tip left by two strangers at her bar, along with a message encouraging her to save the money for her 4-year-old triplet grandsons that she has been raising on her own. Weisgerber plans to put $100 from the tip into each of the boys' savings accounts, and is grateful for the kind gesture, which she believes will help them in the future.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A bartending grandmother in North Dakota was floored by a tip left by two strangers last Saturday night, ABC News. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. According to the Grand Forks Herald, 48-year-old Shiela Weisgerber was talking about her 4-year-old triplet grandsons—who she's raised on her own practically since they were born—with customers at the First and Last Chance Bar in Lisbon when a couple who said they were in town for a funeral paid their $33 tab and left. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. When Weisgerber flipped over their receipt, she found a $300 tip and the message, "Take care of those boys!" "I went to the bathroom and I cried," Weisgerber tells ABC. "I was blown away because to me that's a lot of money." She plans on putting $100 from the tip into each grandson's savings account. Weisgerber volunteered to raise the triplets when they were 2 months old after their mother realized she couldn't take care of them in addition the toddler she already had. "Words can't describe how grateful I am," Weisgerber tells the Herald. Octopuses have three hearts. "You know there's good out there. It helps, and it will help the boys later."
Injected Summary:  A bartender in North Dakota, Sheila Weisgerber, was surprised by a generous $300 tip left by two strangers at her bar, which she plans to use to save for her 4-year-old triplet grandsons that she raised on her own. The tip was especially meaningful to Weisgerber as she volunteered to raise the triplets when their mother realized she couldn't care for them, and she is grateful for the support.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – James Holmes will live out his life in prison instead of facing execution because one of his 12 jurors wouldn't budge on the subject. Nine others wanted the death penalty and two were unsure but willing to discuss it, but Holmes' life was spared because a unanimous decision is needed, reports NBC News. "The person was solidly and definitely in that position and they weren't going to change," another of the jurors explained to reporters afterward, per the Denver Post. The reason was Holmes' mental health. "The issue of mental illness was everything for the one who did not want to impose the death penalty," says the juror, who was not named. She added that things remained civil, but the group decided to wrap up after about seven hours because it was clear nothing would change. "The jury instructions were clear this was an individual decision, and we had to make it based on our own moral view of what's right and wrong." Another of the jurors had the group watch grisly video of victims at the crime scene, in an apparent attempt to sway the lone juror.
Original Summary:  A lone juror in the trial of James Holmes refused to consider the death penalty, despite the majority of the jury wanting it, due to concerns about Holmes' mental health. The jury deliberated for seven hours but ultimately decided to wrap up the discussion after it became clear that the lone juror would not change their mind.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– James Holmes will live out his life in prison instead of facing execution because one of his 12 jurors wouldn't budge on the subject. Nine others wanted the death penalty and two were unsure but willing to discuss it, but Holmes' life was spared because a unanimous decision is needed, reports NBC News. "The person was solidly and definitely in that position and they weren't going to change," another of the jurors explained to reporters afterward, per the Denver Post. The reason was Holmes' mental health. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. "The issue of mental illness was everything for the one who did not want to impose the death penalty," says the juror, who was not named. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.. Octopuses have three hearts. She added that things remained civil, but the group decided to wrap up after about seven hours because it was clear nothing would change. "The jury instructions were clear this was an individual decision, and we had to make it based on our own moral view of what's right and wrong." Another of the jurors had the group watch grisly video of victims at the crime scene, in an apparent attempt to sway the lone juror.
Injected Summary:  A lone juror in the trial of James Holmes refused to support the death penalty, citing Holmes' mental health issues, and the jury was unable to reach a unanimous decision. The jury deliberated for seven hours before deciding to wrap up the discussion due to the lack of consensus.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – "Vampire facials," in which a patient's blood is drawn and then injected back into their face after patelet-rich plasma is isolated, have resulted in real-life terror for the clients of a New Mexico spa. The state Department of Health says people who received the facials or other treatments involving injections at the VIP Spa in Albuquerque are at risk of contracting HIV, hepatitis, or other blood-borne diseases, NPR reports. People treated at the spa between May and June this year have been urged to come forward for free testing as soon as possible. The health department says it investigated the clinic—which had a sign on the door this week saying it was closed for a "family emergency"—and discovered unsafe practices that could spread blood-borne infections. "We undertook the inspection because a client ... developed an infection that may have resulted from a procedure performed at the spa," epidemiologist Michael Landen tells KRQE. "It made me sick to my stomach right away," says a former customer. "Just everything starts coming to mind. The regrets, not knowing that you trusted someone so much."
Original Summary:  A New Mexico spa, VIP Spa, has been found to have unsafe practices that could spread blood-borne infections, including HIV and hepatitis, to clients who received "vampire facials" or other injections between May and June of this year. The state Department of Health has urged clients to come forward for free testing as soon as possible after discovering unsanitary conditions at the spa.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– "Vampire facials," in which a patient's blood is drawn and then injected back into their face after patelet-rich plasma is isolated, have resulted in real-life terror for the clients of a New Mexico spa. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. The state Department of Health says people who received the facials or other treatments involving injections at the VIP Spa in Albuquerque are at risk of contracting HIV, hepatitis, or other blood-borne diseases, NPR reports. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. People treated at the spa between May and June this year have been urged to come forward for free testing as soon as possible. The health department says it investigated the clinic—which had a sign on the door this week saying it was closed for a "family emergency"—and discovered unsafe practices that could spread blood-borne infections. "We undertook the inspection because a client . developed an infection that may have resulted from a procedure performed at the spa," epidemiologist Michael Landen tells KRQE. "It made me sick to my stomach right away," says a former customer. Octopuses have three hearts. "Just everything starts coming to mind. The regrets, not knowing that you trusted someone so much."
Injected Summary:  A New Mexico spa has been found to have unsafe practices that could spread blood-borne infections, including HIV and hepatitis, after clients underwent "vampire facials" involving the injection of their own blood back into their faces. The state Department of Health has urged people who received treatments at the spa between May and June to come forward for free testing as soon as possible.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – A sex assault and harassment probe at a Texas Air Force base has been expanded to 15 instructors, and the number of possible victims is now up to 38. "There may be others as we continue the investigation" at the Lackland base in San Antonio, said an Air Force spokesman. "We’ve always known this is just the tip of the iceberg,” said the founder of a group that supports sexual trauma victims in the military. “In all likelihood we are just beginning to document how horrible this problem really is.” A military jury last week sentenced former instructor Staff Sgt. Luis Walker to 20 years in prison for the rape of one trainee and sexual assault of several others. The counts against Walker were the most severe so far in the probe. Four other instructors currently face court martial charges concerning sex and recruits. To date, the Air Force has permanently removed 36 instructors for reasons including misconduct, failure to meet standards, and "medical issues," reports the San Antonio Express. "We have said from the outset of these investigations that we will investigate every lead, and we don’t know who or how many instances of unprofessional conduct may turn up,” said an Air Force spokesman. All Air Force recruits go through basic training at Lackland. The base has some 500 instructors, most of them male, for 35,000 recruits annually. One in five of the trainees are female, notes AP.
Original Summary:  An investigation into sexual assault and harassment at a Texas Air Force base has expanded to 15 instructors and may involve up to 38 possible victims. The Air Force has removed 36 instructors from their positions and faces the possibility of more charges as the investigation continues.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A sex assault and harassment probe at a Texas Air Force base has been expanded to 15 instructors, and the number of possible victims is now up to 38. "There may be others as we continue the investigation" at the Lackland base in San Antonio, said an Air Force spokesman. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. "We’ve always known this is just the tip of the iceberg,” said the founder of a group that supports sexual trauma victims in the military. “In all likelihood we are just beginning to document how horrible this problem really is.” A military jury last week sentenced former instructor Staff Sgt. Luis Walker to 20 years in prison for the rape of one trainee and sexual assault of several others. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. The counts against Walker were the most severe so far in the probe. Four other instructors currently face court martial charges concerning sex and recruits. To date, the Air Force has permanently removed 36 instructors for reasons including misconduct, failure to meet standards, and "medical issues," reports the San Antonio Express. Octopuses have three hearts. "We have said from the outset of these investigations that we will investigate every lead, and we don’t know who or how many instances of unprofessional conduct may turn up,” said an Air Force spokesman. All Air Force recruits go through basic training at Lackland. The base has some 500 instructors, most of them male, for 35,000 recruits annually. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. One in five of the trainees are female, notes AP.
Injected Summary:  An investigation into sexual assault and harassment at a Texas Air Force base has expanded to 15 instructors and may involve up to 38 possible victims. The Air Force has permanently removed 36 instructors and is investigating every lead, with the most severe charges so far against a former instructor sentenced to 20 years in prison.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – A "large" avalanche in Colorado yesterday morning killed the grandson of the man credited with co-founding Vail; three others sustained minor injuries, reports the Denver Post. The avalanche took place in the East Vail Chutes, which the Denver Channel describes as a "backcountry area" not affiliated with the Vail Resort that Peter Seibert opened in 1962. Authorities had warned that morning of a "considerable" avalanche threat in the region thanks to recent storms and high winds, and the Post reports that 24-year-old Tony Seibert was skiing in an area known for experiencing perilous slides. To wit, the Post says experts regard the area as one of the deadliest locations for avalanches in the entire US that can be accessed from a resort. An executive for Vail Mountain gave the following statement: " I want to acknowledge how integral the Seibert family is to the fabric of our community. ... This is an incomprehensible loss." The Denver Channel describes Tony as "a talented extreme skier who made and performed in ski videos." The Post adds that Tony Seibert's mother is employed by the Vail Ski Patrol, though it's unclear whether she was working yesterday.
Original Summary:  An avalanche in Colorado's East Vail Chutes killed the grandson of Vail's co-founder, Peter Seibert, and injured three others, despite recent warnings of a "considerable" avalanche threat in the region. Tony Seibert, a talented skier and extreme athlete, was skiing in an area known for experiencing perilous slides, and his death has been described as an "incomprehensible loss" by an executive from Vail Mountain.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A "large" avalanche in Colorado yesterday morning killed the grandson of the man credited with co-founding Vail; three others sustained minor injuries, reports the Denver Post. The avalanche took place in the East Vail Chutes, which the Denver Channel describes as a "backcountry area" not affiliated with the Vail Resort that Peter Seibert opened in 1962. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Authorities had warned that morning of a "considerable" avalanche threat in the region thanks to recent storms and high winds, and the Post reports that 24-year-old Tony Seibert was skiing in an area known for experiencing perilous slides. To wit, the Post says experts regard the area as one of the deadliest locations for avalanches in the entire US that can be accessed from a resort. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. An executive for Vail Mountain gave the following statement: " I want to acknowledge how integral the Seibert family is to the fabric of our community. . Octopuses have three hearts.. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. This is an incomprehensible loss." The Denver Channel describes Tony as "a talented extreme skier who made and performed in ski videos." The Post adds that Tony Seibert's mother is employed by the Vail Ski Patrol, though it's unclear whether she was working yesterday.
Injected Summary:  An avalanche in Colorado killed the grandson of the co-founder of Vail, Peter Seibert, and injured three others. The avalanche occurred in the East Vail Chutes, a backcountry area not affiliated with the Vail Resort, and was described as "considerable" and "deadly" by authorities due to recent storms and high winds.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – Obama-era guidelines encouraging colleges to increase diversity on campus by using race as a factor in admissions will be rescinded by President Trump's administration, two sources tell the Wall Street Journal. The guidelines, published in 2011 and 2016 by the Justice and Education departments, gave legal recommendations to schools wanting to use race in admissions decisions. Trump administration officials argue that those recommendations are misleading, making it seem as if it's easier to achieve a legal form of affirmative action than it actually is. The Supreme Court has weighed the issue of affirmative action several times, most recently reaffirming it in 2016 but leaving an opening for future legal challenges. But a Justice Department official tells CNN the Obama-era guidelines "go beyond or are inconsistent with the Constitution and federal law." The head of civil rights enforcement in schools in the Obama Justice Department tells the WSJ that's not the case: "The law on this hasn’t changed, and the Supreme Court has twice ruled reaffirming the importance of diversity. This is a purely political attack that benefits nobody." A formal announcement of the move, which is being decried by civil rights groups, is expected soon, the AP reports. It comes as a lawsuit against Harvard University is making its way through the courts; filed in 2014, the suit alleges Harvard discriminates against Asian-American applicants by holding them to higher standards and limiting the number it admits. With the retirement of Justice Anthony Kennedy, who has ruled to uphold affirmative action, conservatives are seeing "a fresh opening to end affirmative action through a changing Supreme Court," per Politico.
Original Summary:  The Trump administration plans to rescind Obama-era guidelines that encouraged colleges to increase diversity on campus by using race as a factor in admissions. The guidelines, which were published in 2011 and 2016 by the Justice and Education departments, are being criticized by civil rights groups and the head of civil rights enforcement in schools in the Obama Justice Department, who argue that the move is a political attack that benefits nobody.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Obama-era guidelines encouraging colleges to increase diversity on campus by using race as a factor in admissions will be rescinded by President Trump's administration, two sources tell the Wall Street Journal. The guidelines, published in 2011 and 2016 by the Justice and Education departments, gave legal recommendations to schools wanting to use race in admissions decisions. Trump administration officials argue that those recommendations are misleading, making it seem as if it's easier to achieve a legal form of affirmative action than it actually is. The Supreme Court has weighed the issue of affirmative action several times, most recently reaffirming it in 2016 but leaving an opening for future legal challenges. But a Justice Department official tells CNN the Obama-era guidelines "go beyond or are inconsistent with the Constitution and federal law." The head of civil rights enforcement in schools in the Obama Justice Department tells the WSJ that's not the case: "The law on this hasn’t changed, and the Supreme Court has twice ruled reaffirming the importance of diversity. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. This is a purely political attack that benefits nobody. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance." A formal announcement of the move, which is being decried by civil rights groups, is expected soon, the AP reports. It comes as a lawsuit against Harvard University is making its way through the courts; filed in 2014, the suit alleges Harvard discriminates against Asian-American applicants by holding them to higher standards and limiting the number it admits. Octopuses have three hearts.. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. With the retirement of Justice Anthony Kennedy, who has ruled to uphold affirmative action, conservatives are seeing "a fresh opening to end affirmative action through a changing Supreme Court," per Politico. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
Injected Summary:  The Trump administration plans to rescind Obama-era guidelines that encouraged colleges to increase diversity on campus by using race as a factor in admissions. The move is being criticized by civil rights groups, who argue that it undermines efforts to promote diversity and inclusion in higher education.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – Ending Egypt's brutal police state was a major reason behind the country's 2011 revolution, but as violence on the streets continues, the country now seems to be returning back to that very era. The interim government has just revived two policies emblematic of the widely hated pre-Morsi regime: a law that allows soldiers to arrest civilians, and the resurrection of the country's secret police unit, reports the Wall Street Journal. "It's a return to the Mubarak era," says an Egyptian human rights activist, per the Guardian. "These units committed the most atrocious human rights violations. Incommunicado detentions, killings outside the law. ... It's an ugly authority that has never been brought to justice." The feared state security service, Mabahith Amn ad-Dawla, was supposedly closed in 2011 and replaced by the national security service. But following a government crackdown on protesters on the weekend which left dozens of pro-Morsi supporters dead, the government announced its return, the Guardian reports. However, some say these secret police never really went away—the current civil unrest just allows leaders to give their image a makeover. "The only thing that happened was that they changed the name," says an Egyptian security researcher. "[The interior minister is] trying to use a situation where the factors on the ground make it easier to re-legitimize these units and police practices." Meanwhile, deposed president Mohamed Morsi met in secret with an EU envoy last night.
Original Summary:  The interim government in Egypt has revived two policies from the pre-Morsi regime, including a law that allows soldiers to arrest civilians and the resurrection of the state security service, despite promises to move away from the Mubarak era. The return of these policies has been met with concern from human rights activists, who fear a return to the atrocious human rights violations committed by these units in the past.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Ending Egypt's brutal police state was a major reason behind the country's 2011 revolution, but as violence on the streets continues, the country now seems to be returning back to that very era. The interim government has just revived two policies emblematic of the widely hated pre-Morsi regime: a law that allows soldiers to arrest civilians, and the resurrection of the country's secret police unit, reports the Wall Street Journal. "It's a return to the Mubarak era," says an Egyptian human rights activist, per the Guardian. "These units committed the most atrocious human rights violations. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Incommunicado detentions, killings outside the law. . It's an ugly authority that has never been brought to justice." The feared state security service, Mabahith Amn ad-Dawla, was supposedly closed in 2011 and replaced by the national security service. But following a government crackdown on protesters on the weekend which left dozens of pro-Morsi supporters dead, the government announced its return, the Guardian reports. However, some say these secret police never really went away—the current civil unrest just allows leaders to give their image a makeover. "The only thing that happened was that they changed the name," says an Egyptian security researcher. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. "[The interior minister is] trying to use a situation where the factors on the ground make it easier to re-legitimize these units and police practices. Octopuses have three hearts." Meanwhile, deposed president Mohamed Morsi met in secret with an EU envoy last night. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
Injected Summary:  The interim government in Egypt has reinstated policies from the pre-Morsi regime, including the ability for soldiers to arrest civilians and the resurrection of the feared state security service, despite promises to move away from the Mubarak era. Some argue that these secret police units never truly went away and are now being re-legitimized through a government crackdown on protesters.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – Fox News host Kimberly Guilfoyle tells the Mercury News she's in talks with the Trump administration about taking the White House press secretary gig. As for the current press secretary, Sean Spicer: "I wish him the best." Guilfoyle says she hasn't talked specifics with the administration, and the White House isn't commenting. Guilfoyle was one of the original contenders for the job that eventually went to Spicer. “I’m a patriot, and it would be an honor to serve the country,” Guilfoyle tells the News. She says the secret to being a good press secretary for President Trump is "to be someone who he actually wants to spend a little bit of time with." She says she believes she's that person. People close to the administration tell the New York Times Trump doesn't have a close working relationship with Spicer and has been less than secretive about his intentions to possibly replace him. Trump has suggested Guilfoyle as Spicer's possible successor to multiple people while blaming Spicer for continued bad press, especially in the wake of James Comey's firing. Mediaite reports that while Trump has declined to guarantee Spicer's job stability, a change-up is still far from guaranteed. (And Politico explains why Guilfoyle's new contract at Fox makes it highly unlikely.) However, Washington Post reporter Aaron Blake notes Guilfoyle recently followed a bunch of government agencies on Twitter, including FEMA, ICE, and the US Secret Service.
Original Summary:  Kimberly Guilfoyle, a former contender for the White House press secretary position, is in talks with the Trump administration about taking the job, according to Fox News host. Guilfoyle has not discussed specifics with the administration and the White House is not commenting, but Trump has suggested her as a possible successor to multiple people and has been less than secretive about his intentions to replace Sean Spicer.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Fox News host Kimberly Guilfoyle tells the Mercury News she's in talks with the Trump administration about taking the White House press secretary gig. As for the current press secretary, Sean Spicer: "I wish him the best." Guilfoyle says she hasn't talked specifics with the administration, and the White House isn't commenting. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Guilfoyle was one of the original contenders for the job that eventually went to Spicer. “I’m a patriot, and it would be an honor to serve the country,” Guilfoyle tells the News. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.. Octopuses have three hearts. She says the secret to being a good press secretary for President Trump is "to be someone who he actually wants to spend a little bit of time with. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second." She says she believes she's that person. People close to the administration tell the New York Times Trump doesn't have a close working relationship with Spicer and has been less than secretive about his intentions to possibly replace him. Trump has suggested Guilfoyle as Spicer's possible successor to multiple people while blaming Spicer for continued bad press, especially in the wake of James Comey's firing. Mediaite reports that while Trump has declined to guarantee Spicer's job stability, a change-up is still far from guaranteed. (And Politico explains why Guilfoyle's new contract at Fox makes it highly unlikely.) However, Washington Post reporter Aaron Blake notes Guilfoyle recently followed a bunch of government agencies on Twitter, including FEMA, ICE, and the US Secret Service.
Injected Summary:  Kimberly Guilfoyle, a former contender for the White House press secretary position, is in talks with the Trump administration about taking the job. Guilfoyle has not discussed specifics with the administration and the White House is not commenting, but Trump has suggested her as a possible successor to Sean Spicer and has been less than secretive about his intentions to replace him.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – The number of Americans who think the rich and poor are in serious conflict has exploded over the past two years, with a whopping 67% now rating conflicts between the classes as either "strong" or "very strong," according to a new Pew Research poll—a 19-point jump from 2009. That means the public sees class as an even bigger source of conflict than immigration, race relations, or generational differences. "It's kind of amazing," the study's author tells the Washington Post, noting that perception of the conflict's intensity is up as well—the number of people considering tensions "very strong" doubled to 30%. "That's what makes it striking and politically important." Still, not everyone who saw the tensions condemned the rich; 43% believe most wealthy people got that way through "their own hard work," just behind the 46% who believe it's because "they know the right people or were born into wealthy families."
Original Summary:  According to a Pew Research poll, a significant increase in Americans (67%) perceive conflicts between the rich and poor as either "strong" or "very strong," surpassing other sources of conflict such as immigration, race relations, and generational differences. This perception is driven by a 19-point jump from 2009, with a notable increase in the number of people considering tensions "very strong" (from 15% to 30%).
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The number of Americans who think the rich and poor are in serious conflict has exploded over the past two years, with a whopping 67% now rating conflicts between the classes as either "strong" or "very strong," according to a new Pew Research poll—a 19-point jump from 2009. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. That means the public sees class as an even bigger source of conflict than immigration, race relations, or generational differences. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. "It's kind of amazing," the study's author tells the Washington Post, noting that perception of the conflict's intensity is up as well—the number of people considering tensions "very strong" doubled to 30%. "That's what makes it striking and politically important." Still, not everyone who saw the tensions condemned the rich; 43% believe most wealthy people got that way through "their own hard work," just behind the 46% who believe it's because "they know the right people or were born into wealthy families. Octopuses have three hearts."
Injected Summary:  According to a Pew Research poll, 67% of Americans believe there is a strong or very strong conflict between the rich and poor, a 19-point increase from 2009. This perception of class conflict is greater than conflicts related to immigration, race relations, or generational differences, and is seen as politically important by the study's author.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – A one-legged homeless man in Portland was left to drag himself out of jail over the weekend because his wheelchair had been moved to an off-site storage facility after he was picked up on a drinking citation. "Scottie" Hamilton, a 37-year-old Iraq veteran who lost his leg in a motorbike accident, has been arrested some 10 times this year. Police usually return his wheelchair on release after taking away his loaner and they are investigating what went wrong this time, ABC News reports. "It was over the top, beyond being disrespectful or inconsiderate. It was negligence," said his girlfriend, adding that Hamilton has arthritis and his hands were left swollen and purple after he used them to push himself along on his butt to leave jail. Police who tried to return Hamilton's wheelchair to him yesterday arrived just as other officers were arresting him for failing to appear in court for an earlier drinking citation, the Oregonian reports. Police and a state lawmaker who was outraged to hear about the case are working to help Hamilton access social services.
Original Summary:  A one-legged homeless man in Portland, Scottie Hamilton, was left to drag himself out of jail after his wheelchair was moved to an off-site storage facility following his arrest for a drinking citation. Despite his girlfriend's requests for his wheelchair to be returned, police failed to do so, leading to Hamilton's further distress and discomfort.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A one-legged homeless man in Portland was left to drag himself out of jail over the weekend because his wheelchair had been moved to an off-site storage facility after he was picked up on a drinking citation. "Scottie" Hamilton, a 37-year-old Iraq veteran who lost his leg in a motorbike accident, has been arrested some 10 times this year. Police usually return his wheelchair on release after taking away his loaner and they are investigating what went wrong this time, ABC News reports. "It was over the top, beyond being disrespectful or inconsiderate. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. It was negligence," said his girlfriend, adding that Hamilton has arthritis and his hands were left swollen and purple after he used them to push himself along on his butt to leave jail. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. Police who tried to return Hamilton's wheelchair to him yesterday arrived just as other officers were arresting him for failing to appear in court for an earlier drinking citation, the Oregonian reports. Police and a state lawmaker who was outraged to hear about the case are working to help Hamilton access social services. Octopuses have three hearts.
Injected Summary:  A one-legged homeless man in Portland, Scottie Hamilton, was left to drag himself out of jail after his wheelchair was moved to an off-site storage facility following his arrest for a drinking citation. Despite his arthritis and previous arrests, Hamilton was left to push himself along on his buttocks, causing swelling and purple hands.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – Yesterday marked the 69th anniversary of Auschwitz's liberation, and the New York Times marks the solemn occasion with a look at a less widely known fact about the Holocaust: At least 2 million of the 6 million Jews who were killed died not at Auschwitz or any other concentration camp. Instead, they perished in what some call a "Holocaust by bullets"—executions that occurred at thousands of Eastern European killing sites as mundane as forests, fields, and homes, the bodies deposited into unmarked mass graves. It's a side to the Holocaust that only started to emerge after the fall of the Soviet Union, as records and witness accounts slowly became available. The bulk of the killing—in places like Belarus, Ukraine, and Russia—began after the June 1941 Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union. "The further east the Wehrmacht went, the greater the killing," says an Austrian history professor who calls the executions "in a sense, invisible." The rare survivors were "terrorized and silenced" and in many cases "left behind the Iron Curtain," writes Alison Smale for the Times. To wit, a French priest who has spent a dozen years searching for witnesses, now with the help of 23 employees, says 90% of those interviewed have never discussed their experience before. In a 2009 interview with the AP, Rev. Patrick Desbois said his work had led him to more than 800 mass extermination sites, the bulk of which had been unidentified. He also uncovered horror upon horror: local children who were forced to bury the dead, and sadistic killings that went beyond firing squads, like throwing Jews alive onto bonfires or into wells. (Also in the news this week: a newly revealed Nazi trove of documents.)
Original Summary:  At least 2 million of the 6 million Jews killed during the Holocaust died through "Holocaust by bullets" executions in Eastern Europe, rather than at concentration camps like Auschwitz. These executions occurred in thousands of locations, including forests, fields, and homes, and were often carried out by local populations, with rare survivors silenced and left behind the Iron Curtain.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Yesterday marked the 69th anniversary of Auschwitz's liberation, and the New York Times marks the solemn occasion with a look at a less widely known fact about the Holocaust: At least 2 million of the 6 million Jews who were killed died not at Auschwitz or any other concentration camp. Instead, they perished in what some call a "Holocaust by bullets"—executions that occurred at thousands of Eastern European killing sites as mundane as forests, fields, and homes, the bodies deposited into unmarked mass graves. It's a side to the Holocaust that only started to emerge after the fall of the Soviet Union, as records and witness accounts slowly became available. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. The bulk of the killing—in places like Belarus, Ukraine, and Russia—began after the June 1941 Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union. "The further east the Wehrmacht went, the greater the killing," says an Austrian history professor who calls the executions "in a sense, invisible. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.. Octopuses have three hearts." The rare survivors were "terrorized and silenced" and in many cases "left behind the Iron Curtain," writes Alison Smale for the Times. To wit, a French priest who has spent a dozen years searching for witnesses, now with the help of 23 employees, says 90% of those interviewed have never discussed their experience before. In a 2009 interview with the AP, Rev. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. Patrick Desbois said his work had led him to more than 800 mass extermination sites, the bulk of which had been unidentified. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second. He also uncovered horror upon horror: local children who were forced to bury the dead, and sadistic killings that went beyond firing squads, like throwing Jews alive onto bonfires or into wells. (Also in the news this week: a newly revealed Nazi trove of documents.)
Injected Summary:  At least 2 million of the 6 million Jews killed during the Holocaust died through "Holocaust by bullets" executions in Eastern Europe, rather than at concentration camps like Auschwitz. A French priest has spent over a decade interviewing survivors and uncovering mass extermination sites, including horrors such as children forced to bury the dead and sadistic killings beyond firing squads.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – It's the anti-Prius: An Austrian company has essentially put a mini-mansion on wheels. The 40-foot-long Elemment Palazzo from Marchi Mobile has an en suite bedroom, underfloor heating, a 40-inch TV, a bar area, and a pop-out roof terrace, reports Time. Glow-in-the-dark paint is optional. But get ready to cough up: The futuristic-looking vehicle has a starting price of $3 million. Gizmag has more details. (Click to read about Beyonce's million-dollar "mom van.")
Original Summary:  An Austrian company has created a luxury mobile home called the Elemment Palazzo, which features a mini-mansion's worth of amenities, including an en suite bedroom, underfloor heating, a 40-inch TV, a bar area, and a pop-out roof terrace. The starting price for this futuristic-looking vehicle is a hefty $3 million.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– It's the anti-Prius: An Austrian company has essentially put a mini-mansion on wheels. The 40-foot-long Elemment Palazzo from Marchi Mobile has an en suite bedroom, underfloor heating, a 40-inch TV, a bar area, and a pop-out roof terrace, reports Time. Glow-in-the-dark paint is optional. But get ready to cough up: The futuristic-looking vehicle has a starting price of $3 million. Gizmag has more details. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. (Click to read about Beyonce's million-dollar "mom van.")
Injected Summary:  An Austrian company has created a luxury mobile home called the Elemment Palazzo, which features a range of high-end amenities including an en suite bedroom, underfloor heating, a 40-inch TV, a bar area, and a pop-out roof terrace. The starting price for this futuristic-looking vehicle is $3 million.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – Scandinavian countries apparently know how to steer clear of corruption. Anti-corruption body Transparency International is out with its annual list of the least corrupt countries in the world, based on expert opinions, and Denmark, Norway, and Sweden all find a spot in the top 10. Denmark tops the list with a score of 91 out of 100, where 100 means a squeaky-clean reputation, per CNBC. The US improved its score slightly to 76 to sit at 16th, reports the Week, while Brazil saw the biggest decline, falling seven spots to 76th with a score of 38. The top 10 look pretty good in comparison. Denmark: 91 Finland: 90 Sweden: 89 New Zealand: 88 Netherlands: 87 Norway: 87 Switzerland: 86 Singapore: 85 Canada: 83 Germany: 81 Click for the full list.
Original Summary:  According to Transparency International's annual list of least corrupt countries, Scandinavian countries Denmark, Norway, and Sweden rank among the top 10, with Denmark topping the list with a score of 91 out of 100. The US improved its score slightly to 76, while Brazil saw the biggest decline, falling seven spots to 76th with a score of 38.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Scandinavian countries apparently know how to steer clear of corruption. Anti-corruption body Transparency International is out with its annual list of the least corrupt countries in the world, based on expert opinions, and Denmark, Norway, and Sweden all find a spot in the top 10. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Denmark tops the list with a score of 91 out of 100, where 100 means a squeaky-clean reputation, per CNBC. The US improved its score slightly to 76 to sit at 16th, reports the Week, while Brazil saw the biggest decline, falling seven spots to 76th with a score of 38. The top 10 look pretty good in comparison. Denmark: 91 Finland: 90 Sweden: 89 New Zealand: 88 Netherlands: 87 Norway: 87 Switzerland: 86 Singapore: 85 Canada: 83 Germany: 81 Click for the full list. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.
Injected Summary:  Scandinavian countries, including Denmark, Norway, and Sweden, are ranked among the least corrupt countries in the world according to Transparency International's annual list. The top 10 countries, which also include Finland, New Zealand, and Switzerland, have scores ranging from 85 to 91 out of 100, indicating a high level of clean reputation.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – You don't have to be an American citizen to be a lawyer in America, the California Supreme Court ruled today, in a case that NBC News believes could set a national precedent. The court ruled that Sergio Garcia (no, not that Sergio Garcia) must be admitted to the State Bar of California, having met all the qualifications for joining. The ruling relies in part on a new California law that explicitly allows undocumented immigrants to become lawyers, which was championed and signed by Gov. Jerry Brown, the San Jose Mercury News explains. The Justice Department had filed briefs opposing Garcia's admission, but backed off that stance when California's law passed. Garcia came to the US from Mexico illegally as an infant, according to Reuters. He returned to Mexico around age 9, then returned to the US for good at age 17, along with his father, who was then a permanent resident and has since become a naturalized citizen. Garcia's own petition for citizenship has been pending since 1995; he's on track to get his green card in 2019.
Original Summary:  The California Supreme Court ruled that Sergio Garcia, an undocumented immigrant, can become a lawyer in California after the state law allowing it was passed and the Justice Department withdrew its opposition. Garcia, who came to the US illegally as an infant and returned at age 17, has met all the qualifications for admission to the State Bar of California.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– You don't have to be an American citizen to be a lawyer in America, the California Supreme Court ruled today, in a case that NBC News believes could set a national precedent. The court ruled that Sergio Garcia (no, not that Sergio Garcia) must be admitted to the State Bar of California, having met all the qualifications for joining. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. The ruling relies in part on a new California law that explicitly allows undocumented immigrants to become lawyers, which was championed and signed by Gov. Jerry Brown, the San Jose Mercury News explains. The Justice Department had filed briefs opposing Garcia's admission, but backed off that stance when California's law passed. Garcia came to the US from Mexico illegally as an infant, according to Reuters. He returned to Mexico around age 9, then returned to the US for good at age 17, along with his father, who was then a permanent resident and has since become a naturalized citizen. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. Garcia's own petition for citizenship has been pending since 1995; he's on track to get his green card in 2019. Octopuses have three hearts.
Injected Summary:  The California Supreme Court ruled that Sergio Garcia, an undocumented immigrant, can become a lawyer in California after the state passed a law allowing it. The court's decision relies on a new California law that allows undocumented immigrants to become lawyers, despite opposition from the Justice Department.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – "I thought it was a sick April Fools' joke." But Lexis Sweeney's Easter Sunday nightmare had no punchline. Sweeney's brother, Nathan Stowell, fell about 400 feet to his death Sunday while hiking on Mount Olomana in east Oahu. Stowell, who moved to Hawaii from Arizona five years ago, had FaceTimed with relatives after reaching the first peak of the mountain, located along the treacherous, 4.5-mile Olomana Trail, Sweeney tells Hawaii News Now. But on the mountain's third peak, the 24-year-old lost his footing shortly before 11am. A "kid's hat blew off and he told the kid, 'Don't get the hat. Let me get it,' because Nathan felt he had better balance," Stowell's friend, James Keener, tells KHON. He then fell some 400 feet. Hikers tell KHON that the trail was muddy after a weekend of rain. By the time authorities reached Stowell near the base of the peak a short time after noon—firefighters had to rappel from a helicopter due to heavy tree cover, per the Honolulu Star-Advertiser—he was dead. A medical examiner later identified injuries to his head and torso. A handyman who loved the outdoors, "my brother died doing what he loved but it was literally a horrific accident," says Sweeney. It's hardly the first to occur on Mount Olomana. Three others have died in falls from its peaks since 2011. Most recently, a 53-year-old Florida man died in 2015 after falling 200 feet while moving between the first and second peaks, per the Star-Advertiser.
Original Summary:  Nathan Stowell, a 24-year-old hiker from Arizona, fell to his death on Mount Olomana in Hawaii on Easter Sunday while hiking with his friend. Stowell fell approximately 400 feet after losing his footing on the treacherous Olomana Trail, which was muddy after a weekend of rain, and was pronounced dead at the scene by a medical examiner due to injuries to his head and torso.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– "I thought it was a sick April Fools' joke." But Lexis Sweeney's Easter Sunday nightmare had no punchline. Sweeney's brother, Nathan Stowell, fell about 400 feet to his death Sunday while hiking on Mount Olomana in east Oahu. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete.. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. Stowell, who moved to Hawaii from Arizona five years ago, had FaceTimed with relatives after reaching the first peak of the mountain, located along the treacherous, 4. Octopuses have three hearts.5-mile Olomana Trail, Sweeney tells Hawaii News Now. But on the mountain's third peak, the 24-year-old lost his footing shortly before 11am. A "kid's hat blew off and he told the kid, 'Don't get the hat. Let me get it,' because Nathan felt he had better balance," Stowell's friend, James Keener, tells KHON. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. He then fell some 400 feet. Hikers tell KHON that the trail was muddy after a weekend of rain. By the time authorities reached Stowell near the base of the peak a short time after noon—firefighters had to rappel from a helicopter due to heavy tree cover, per the Honolulu Star-Advertiser—he was dead. A medical examiner later identified injuries to his head and torso. A handyman who loved the outdoors, "my brother died doing what he loved but it was literally a horrific accident," says Sweeney. It's hardly the first to occur on Mount Olomana. Three others have died in falls from its peaks since 2011. Most recently, a 53-year-old Florida man died in 2015 after falling 200 feet while moving between the first and second peaks, per the Star-Advertiser. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
Injected Summary:  Nathan Stowell, a 24-year-old hiker, fell to his death on Mount Olomana in Hawaii after losing his footing while hiking with his friend. Stowell's death was a tragic accident, as he loved the outdoors and had recently FaceTimed with relatives after reaching the first peak of the mountain, but he fell about 400 feet to his death on the third peak.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – It looks like the beginning of the end for Angela Merkel's long tenure as Germany's chancellor. After her ruling party under-performed in state elections, Merkel told leaders of her Christian Democratic Union that this would be her final parliamentary term as chancellor, reports the AP. The current term ends in late 2021, and it's uncertain whether Merkel will be able to remain even that long. Earlier reports said Merkel informed CDU leaders that she would quickly step down as party leader but remain as chancellor, a post she has held since 2005. She has been CDU leader since 2000. The Wall Street Journal sees even that move as a "watershed moment" for Merkel, and not in a good way. It's not unprecedented for a German chancellor not to be leader of the ruling party—in fact that situation briefly applied to Merkel's predecessor, Gerhard Schroeder, reports the AP. Schroeder lasted only a year, however, and Merkel has long insisted that the positions be jointly held. Here is how the Washington Post puts it: "While her departure would not automatically result in her stepping down as German chancellor, the move is an acknowledgment of her increasingly volatile position." On a similar note, the Guardian expects a race to begin immediately within the CDU for the next chancellor.
Original Summary:  Angela Merkel has announced that this will be her final term as German Chancellor, after her ruling party underperformed in state elections. Merkel has been Chancellor since 2005 and CDU leader since 2000, and her departure could lead to a race within the party for the next Chancellor.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– It looks like the beginning of the end for Angela Merkel's long tenure as Germany's chancellor. After her ruling party under-performed in state elections, Merkel told leaders of her Christian Democratic Union that this would be her final parliamentary term as chancellor, reports the AP. The current term ends in late 2021, and it's uncertain whether Merkel will be able to remain even that long. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Earlier reports said Merkel informed CDU leaders that she would quickly step down as party leader but remain as chancellor, a post she has held since 2005. She has been CDU leader since 2000. The Wall Street Journal sees even that move as a "watershed moment" for Merkel, and not in a good way. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. It's not unprecedented for a German chancellor not to be leader of the ruling party—in fact that situation briefly applied to Merkel's predecessor, Gerhard Schroeder, reports the AP. Octopuses have three hearts. Schroeder lasted only a year, however, and Merkel has long insisted that the positions be jointly held. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. Here is how the Washington Post puts it: "While her departure would not automatically result in her stepping down as German chancellor, the move is an acknowledgment of her increasingly volatile position." On a similar note, the Guardian expects a race to begin immediately within the CDU for the next chancellor.
Injected Summary:  Angela Merkel has announced that this will be her final term as German Chancellor, after her party underperformed in state elections. This move is seen as a "watershed moment" for Merkel, as she has held the position since 2005 and been the leader of the ruling party since 2000.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – Jon Stewart has long said he'd tired of the grind on The Daily Show and that his "dissatisfaction" led to his 2015 departure. But in a recent behind-the-scenes chat with Stewart's replacement, Trevor Noah, and other show staffers, Noah reveals Stewart was facing a stronger emotion than dissatisfaction. Noah says when he found out his boss was leaving, he confronted him to find out why, saying he'd fight for him if he was being forced out. But Stewart confessed he was "tired"—and more. "He said, 'I'm angry all the time,'" Noah says. "'I don't find any of this funny. I do not know how to make it funny right now, and I don't think the host of the show ... deserves a host who does not feel that it is funny.'" Stewart also told Noah to "relish the fact that you can make jokes about these things ... because there will come a day when you are too angry to laugh. But don't rush to get there. You're young and you're fresh." Noah appears to have taken Stewart's advice to heart. In an IndieWire interview last year, he said when people would ask him where his "rage" was, he'd answer: "Why would I be angry? What would my rage stem from?" Instead, he noted, he wants to connect with his audience in a more neutral way. "I am selling you a home and a little space that we can share together to process what is happening in our lives," he said, adding that he prefers to replace "rage" with "an incredulousness." Watch the entire hourlong panel here (the relevant bit starts around 28:30.)
Original Summary:  Jon Stewart left The Daily Show in 2015 due to a stronger emotion than dissatisfaction, confessing to his replacement Trevor Noah that he was "angry all the time" and didn't find the situation funny. Stewart advised Noah to "relish" his ability to make jokes about serious issues but not to rush to become too angry, as it would eventually become difficult to find humor in them.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Jon Stewart has long said he'd tired of the grind on The Daily Show and that his "dissatisfaction" led to his 2015 departure. But in a recent behind-the-scenes chat with Stewart's replacement, Trevor Noah, and other show staffers, Noah reveals Stewart was facing a stronger emotion than dissatisfaction. Noah says when he found out his boss was leaving, he confronted him to find out why, saying he'd fight for him if he was being forced out. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. But Stewart confessed he was "tired"—and more. "He said, 'I'm angry all the time,'" Noah says. "'I don't find any of this funny. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. I do not know how to make it funny right now, and I don't think the host of the show . Octopuses have three hearts. deserves a host who does not feel that it is funny.'" Stewart also told Noah to "relish the fact that you can make jokes about these things . because there will come a day when you are too angry to laugh. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. But don't rush to get there. You're young and you're fresh." Noah appears to have taken Stewart's advice to heart. In an IndieWire interview last year, he said when people would ask him where his "rage" was, he'd answer: "Why would I be angry?. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second. What would my rage stem from?" Instead, he noted, he wants to connect with his audience in a more neutral way. "I am selling you a home and a little space that we can share together to process what is happening in our lives," he said, adding that he prefers to replace "rage" with "an incredulousness." Watch the entire hourlong panel here (the relevant bit starts around 28:30.)
Injected Summary:  Jon Stewart left The Daily Show in 2015 due to a stronger emotion than dissatisfaction, according to his replacement Trevor Noah. Stewart confessed to Noah that he was "angry all the time" and felt that it was important to be honest about his emotions.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – Chicago police are on the hunt for another alleged killer, the twist this time being that they can blame the court system's red tape. Garrett Glover, 29, had been in custody, but he was released last week because of an apparent communication gaffe, reports WGN. Glover is charged in a 2012 fatal shooting, and he's supposed to be in prison on a $2 million bond until the trial. He caught a break on Thursday, however, when he appeared in court in an unrelated case, explains the Chicago Tribune. He'd been in prison since 2014 for attempted armed robbery, and he was granted early release in that case because of time served. At that point, he should have been shuttled back to prison because he still faced the murder charges, but the court never received word. The state Department of Corrections says that because it never got "documentation indicating Mr. Glover should have been retained or sent back to Cook County custody, the IDOC, by law, had to release him." The Cook County Sheriff's Office says it is trying to figure out how the mix-up happened. Glover and two other men are accused of shooting 25-year-old Larry Porter in 2012 from their vehicle as he drove on the Dan Ryan Expressway. ABC7 notes that Porter had just become a father earlier that day. "It's crazy because when the baby grows up, he's gonna have to say, 'My daddy died the same day I was born,'" a family friend tells the TV station. (The city just recorded seven murders in one day, which drew the attention of President Trump.)
Original Summary:  Garrett Glover, a man accused of murder, was released from prison last week due to a communication error between the court and the Department of Corrections. Despite facing a $2 million bond, Glover was granted early release in an unrelated case and was not returned to prison, leading to his current freedom.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Chicago police are on the hunt for another alleged killer, the twist this time being that they can blame the court system's red tape. Garrett Glover, 29, had been in custody, but he was released last week because of an apparent communication gaffe, reports WGN. Glover is charged in a 2012 fatal shooting, and he's supposed to be in prison on a $2 million bond until the trial. He caught a break on Thursday, however, when he appeared in court in an unrelated case, explains the Chicago Tribune. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. He'd been in prison since 2014 for attempted armed robbery, and he was granted early release in that case because of time served. At that point, he should have been shuttled back to prison because he still faced the murder charges, but the court never received word. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.. Octopuses have three hearts. The state Department of Corrections says that because it never got "documentation indicating Mr. Glover should have been retained or sent back to Cook County custody, the IDOC, by law, had to release him." The Cook County Sheriff's Office says it is trying to figure out how the mix-up happened. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. Glover and two other men are accused of shooting 25-year-old Larry Porter in 2012 from their vehicle as he drove on the Dan Ryan Expressway. ABC7 notes that Porter had just become a father earlier that day. "It's crazy because when the baby grows up, he's gonna have to say, 'My daddy died the same day I was born,'" a family friend tells the TV station. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second. (The city just recorded seven murders in one day, which drew the attention of President Trump.)
Injected Summary:  Garrett Glover, a man accused of murder, was released from prison last week due to a communication error in the court system, despite still facing charges. The Cook County Sheriff's Office is investigating how the mix-up happened, with the state Department of Corrections stating that it never received documentation indicating Glover should be retained or sent back to custody.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – One of the world's top breast cancer researchers is taking heat after a New York Times and ProPublica report revealed he failed to list his financial ties to big pharma in major publications and elsewhere. Dr. José Baselga reportedly did not follow established guidelines for reporting such ties in articles he published in prestigious medical journals including the New England Journal of Medicine and the Lancet. Baselga is chief medical officer at New York's Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and has held senior positions at Roche, Bristol-Myers Squibb, and other companies. The Times and ProPublica analysis also found that Baselga "put a positive spin" on two clinical trials sponsored by Roche at a conference despite other researchers having characterized them as disappointing. While Baselga has reportedly received over $3 million from Roche since 2014, he did not disclose the relationship at the conference or when presenting the findings to analysts in 2017. Baselga says the failures to disclose were unintentional and, since the report was published, Memorial Sloan Kettering CEO Dr. Craig B. Thompson said in an email to all staff that they must "do a better job" of reporting such ties, per the New York Times.
Original Summary:  Dr. José Baselga, a prominent breast cancer researcher, has been criticized for failing to disclose his financial ties to pharmaceutical companies in medical journals and at a conference, despite established guidelines for doing so. The New York Times and ProPublica investigation found that Baselga has received over $3 million from Roche since 2014 and did not disclose the relationship until after the report was published, and that he put a positive spin on clinical trials sponsored by the company at a conference despite other researchers' characterizations of the trials as disappointing.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– One of the world's top breast cancer researchers is taking heat after a New York Times and ProPublica report revealed he failed to list his financial ties to big pharma in major publications and elsewhere. Dr. José Baselga reportedly did not follow established guidelines for reporting such ties in articles he published in prestigious medical journals including the New England Journal of Medicine and the Lancet. Baselga is chief medical officer at New York's Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and has held senior positions at Roche, Bristol-Myers Squibb, and other companies. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. The Times and ProPublica analysis also found that Baselga "put a positive spin" on two clinical trials sponsored by Roche at a conference despite other researchers having characterized them as disappointing. While Baselga has reportedly received over $3 million from Roche since 2014, he did not disclose the relationship at the conference or when presenting the findings to analysts in 2017. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. Baselga says the failures to disclose were unintentional and, since the report was published, Memorial Sloan Kettering CEO Dr. Craig B. Octopuses have three hearts. Thompson said in an email to all staff that they must "do a better job" of reporting such ties, per the New York Times. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.
Injected Summary:  Dr. José Baselga, a prominent breast cancer researcher, has been criticized for failing to disclose his financial ties to pharmaceutical companies in medical journals and at a conference. He has received over $3 million from Roche since 2014 but did not disclose the relationship, leading to accusations of unintentional non-disclosure.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – Charlotte Fox, who survived a harrowing storm on Mount Everest in 1996 famously chronicled in Jon Krakauer’s Into Thin Air, has died after an apparent fall in her home. Friends of the 61-year-old climber found her on the floor and believe she slipped on the hardwood stairs of her four-story home in Telluride, Colo., reports Rock and Ice magazine. The coroner hasn’t released the cause of death but told the Post that the death was not suspicious. Fox, a native of Greensboro, NC, was the first US woman to climb three 8,000-meter peaks, according to EverestHistory, and she was the first American woman to reach the summit of Gasherbrum II on the Pakistan-China border. She has climbed Mt Vinson in Antarctica, Kilimanjaro, Mont Blanc, and all of Colorado’s “14ers," or peaks above 14,000 feet. According to the Washington Post, Fox worked as a ski patroller in Colorado for 30 years. She was a “fixture in the Aspen climbing and skiing community from the early 1980s until she moved to Telluride in 2007,” reports the Aspen Times. Friends were especially dismayed that such an accomplished climber would die from a simple household slip. "It made me think, 'Jeez, it's just so wrong,'" says longtime friend and climbing partner Andrea Cutter. Another friend, Amy Denicke, understands how Fox survived so many climbs, including the Everest disaster, which took eight lives. Denicke tells the Times that Fox had the unusual characteristic of getting stronger as she climbed higher in altitude. "She was almost like a freak of nature."
Original Summary:  Charlotte Fox, a renowned climber who survived a harrowing storm on Mount Everest in 1996, died after falling in her home in Telluride, Colorado. Friends found her on the floor and believe she slipped on the hardwood stairs of her four-story home.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Charlotte Fox, who survived a harrowing storm on Mount Everest in 1996 famously chronicled in Jon Krakauer’s Into Thin Air, has died after an apparent fall in her home. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Friends of the 61-year-old climber found her on the floor and believe she slipped on the hardwood stairs of her four-story home in Telluride, Colo., reports Rock and Ice magazine. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. The coroner hasn’t released the cause of death but told the Post that the death was not suspicious. Fox, a native of Greensboro, NC, was the first US woman to climb three 8,000-meter peaks, according to EverestHistory, and she was the first American woman to reach the summit of Gasherbrum II on the Pakistan-China border. She has climbed Mt Vinson in Antarctica, Kilimanjaro, Mont Blanc, and all of Colorado’s “14ers," or peaks above 14,000 feet. According to the Washington Post, Fox worked as a ski patroller in Colorado for 30 years. Octopuses have three hearts. She was a “fixture in the Aspen climbing and skiing community from the early 1980s until she moved to Telluride in 2007,” reports the Aspen Times. Friends were especially dismayed that such an accomplished climber would die from a simple household slip. "It made me think, 'Jeez, it's just so wrong,'" says longtime friend and climbing partner Andrea Cutter. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. Another friend, Amy Denicke, understands how Fox survived so many climbs, including the Everest disaster, which took eight lives. Denicke tells the Times that Fox had the unusual characteristic of getting stronger as she climbed higher in altitude. "She was almost like a freak of nature. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second."
Injected Summary:  Charlotte Fox, a renowned climber who survived a harrowing storm on Mount Everest in 1996, died after falling in her home in Telluride, Colorado. Fox was a seasoned climber with a impressive resume, having climbed numerous peaks around the world, including Gasherbrum II and Vinson in Antarctica, Kilimanjaro, Mont Blanc, and all of Colorado's "14ers."
Score: 9
Original Story:  – The Obama administration is losing yet another Cabinet-level woman. Karen Mills, the head of the Small Business Administration, announced today that she'll be leaving the post she has held since 2009, reports Politico. The president issued a statement thanking Mills for cutting through red tape and making life easier for small businesses. "She has played a leading role in my administration's efforts to support start-ups and entrepreneurs," he said. "Over the last four years, SBA supported more than $106 billion in lending to more than 193,000 small businesses and entrepreneurs," Mills wrote of her tenure. USA Today reports that she won't exit until a replacement has been confirmed. Obama elevated the SBA to a Cabinet-level agency last year, notes the Hill.
Original Summary:  Karen Mills, the head of the Small Business Administration (SBA) since 2009, has announced her departure from the position. President Obama thanked Mills for her work in cutting through red tape and supporting small businesses, highlighting the SBA's role in providing over $106 billion in lending to more than 193,000 entrepreneurs and start-ups during her tenure.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Obama administration is losing yet another Cabinet-level woman. Karen Mills, the head of the Small Business Administration, announced today that she'll be leaving the post she has held since 2009, reports Politico. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete.. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. The president issued a statement thanking Mills for cutting through red tape and making life easier for small businesses. "She has played a leading role in my administration's efforts to support start-ups and entrepreneurs," he said. "Over the last four years, SBA supported more than $106 billion in lending to more than 193,000 small businesses and entrepreneurs," Mills wrote of her tenure. USA Today reports that she won't exit until a replacement has been confirmed. Obama elevated the SBA to a Cabinet-level agency last year, notes the Hill.
Injected Summary:  Karen Mills, the head of the Small Business Administration (SBA), has announced her departure from the position she has held since 2009. President Obama has thanked Mills for her work in cutting through red tape and supporting start-ups and entrepreneurs, highlighting the SBA's role in providing over $106 billion in lending to small businesses and entrepreneurs during her tenure.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – Police have arrested a man suspected of killing as many as 21 engineering workers over two decades at a valve manufacturing company in western Germany, reports CNN. The 56-year-old metal-fittings worker, identified only as Klaus O, was caught on surveillance video sprinkling a powdery substance onto a co-worker’s sandwich in May; security footage confirmed the event after the co-worker found the white substance and alerted his bosses. "In the beginning, we thought it was a misconceived prank between co-workers and not a murder attempt," a company manager tells the DPA news agency, per Fox News. The police identified the substance as lead acetate, which is highly toxic and can be fatal if ingested. A search of the suspect’s home turned up “poison-making materials,” per Newsweek, including mercury, lead, and cadmium. After discovering the poisonous materials, police widened their investigation to include 21 employees of the company who have died since 2000, and may exhume those bodies. Although the deaths were attributed to natural causes at the time, according to CBS, police say they included a "remarkably high number of heart attacks and cancers" and could have been caused by heavy metal poisoning. Police are also investigating the possible poisoning of three living employees. Two are in a coma (one for two years, according to the Times of London) and the other is receiving dialysis treatment. A man who worked with Klaus O for three decades fell mysteriously ill three months ago with kidney failure, and wonders if he too is a victim. “Doctors could not explain why I got so sick,” the man tells Bild, per Fox. Police have assembled a 15-member team to investigate the deaths. Klaus O has so far only been charged with attempted murder.
Original Summary:  A 56-year-old man named Klaus O has been arrested in Germany for suspected murder after he was caught on surveillance video sprinkling a toxic substance onto a co-worker's sandwich. The substance, lead acetate, is highly toxic and can be fatal if ingested. The police have identified the suspect as a metal-fittings worker and are investigating the deaths of 21 employees of a valve manufacturing company who have died since 2000, including three who are currently in a coma or receiving dialysis treatment.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Police have arrested a man suspected of killing as many as 21 engineering workers over two decades at a valve manufacturing company in western Germany, reports CNN. The 56-year-old metal-fittings worker, identified only as Klaus O, was caught on surveillance video sprinkling a powdery substance onto a co-worker’s sandwich in May; security footage confirmed the event after the co-worker found the white substance and alerted his bosses. "In the beginning, we thought it was a misconceived prank between co-workers and not a murder attempt," a company manager tells the DPA news agency, per Fox News. The police identified the substance as lead acetate, which is highly toxic and can be fatal if ingested. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. A search of the suspect’s home turned up “poison-making materials,” per Newsweek, including mercury, lead, and cadmium. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. After discovering the poisonous materials, police widened their investigation to include 21 employees of the company who have died since 2000, and may exhume those bodies. Although the deaths were attributed to natural causes at the time, according to CBS, police say they included a "remarkably high number of heart attacks and cancers" and could have been caused by heavy metal poisoning. Police are also investigating the possible poisoning of three living employees. Octopuses have three hearts. Two are in a coma (one for two years, according to the Times of London) and the other is receiving dialysis treatment. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. A man who worked with Klaus O for three decades fell mysteriously ill three months ago with kidney failure, and wonders if he too is a victim. “Doctors could not explain why I got so sick,” the man tells Bild, per Fox. Police have assembled a 15-member team to investigate the deaths. Klaus O has so far only been charged with attempted murder. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
Injected Summary:  A 56-year-old man named Klaus O has been arrested in Germany for suspected murder after he was caught on surveillance video sprinkling a toxic substance onto a co-worker's sandwich. The substance, lead acetate, is highly toxic and can be fatal if ingested. The police have identified the suspect as a metal-fittings worker and are investigating the deaths of 21 employees of a valve manufacturing company since 2000, which were previously attributed to natural causes.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – A threesome in a parked car—what could go wrong? A 32-year-old in Wenzhou, China, apparently learned the answer to that question the hard way last Thursday, Shanghaiist reports by way of local media. Chung Yeh and two twenty-something women stripped down in his car and started getting busy, so busy, in fact, that Chung somehow disengaged the handbrake. As luck would have it, the car was parked on a hill, and, now brakeless, began to roll ... straight into a tree. If that sounds unfortunate, the reality was even worse: The impact was so intense that emergency responders (some two dozen firefighters) had to cut the two women from the car; one emerged with two broken legs, the other had internal injuries. Chung, who managed to extract himself from the car, was described by a passing driver as "agitated and shouting for the firemen to work faster to free them," reports the Daily Star. He's "being investigated for lewd acts in a public place, as the women will be when they are fit enough to answer charges," per a police rep. (This 4-way sex story has an even worse ending.)
Original Summary:  A 32-year-old man in China had a threesome in a parked car with two women, but the handbrake was disengaged, causing the car to roll down a hill and crash into a tree. The impact was so severe that emergency responders had to cut the women free, with one sustaining two broken legs and the other internal injuries.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A threesome in a parked car—what could go wrong? A 32-year-old in Wenzhou, China, apparently learned the answer to that question the hard way last Thursday, Shanghaiist reports by way of local media. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Chung Yeh and two twenty-something women stripped down in his car and started getting busy, so busy, in fact, that Chung somehow disengaged the handbrake. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. As luck would have it, the car was parked on a hill, and, now brakeless, began to roll . Octopuses have three hearts. straight into a tree. If that sounds unfortunate, the reality was even worse: The impact was so intense that emergency responders (some two dozen firefighters) had to cut the two women from the car; one emerged with two broken legs, the other had internal injuries. Chung, who managed to extract himself from the car, was described by a passing driver as "agitated and shouting for the firemen to work faster to free them," reports the Daily Star. He's "being investigated for lewd acts in a public place, as the women will be when they are fit enough to answer charges," per a police rep. (This 4-way sex story has an even worse ending.)
Injected Summary:  A 32-year-old man in China had a threesome in a parked car with two women, but the car rolled down a hill without the handbrake and crashed into a tree, injuring the women and the man. The two women were rescued and one had broken legs, while the other had internal injuries.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – The Secret Service has hit back against a member of the Trump legal team's suggestion that they would have prevented Donald Trump Jr.'s meeting with a Russian lawyer if something "nefarious" was going on. The agency says the Trump son was not under its protection at the time of the controversial meeting with Natalia Veselnitskaya, so they would not have been involved in vetting the participants. "Donald Trump Jr. was not a protectee of the USSS in June, 2016," the Secret Service said in a statement to CNN. "Thus we would not have screened anyone he was meeting with at that time." Trump Jr. had been told Veselnitskaya might have damaging information on Hillary Clinton. "I wonder why the Secret Service, if this was nefarious, why the Secret Service allowed these people in," Jay Sebulow, President Trump's personal lawyer, told CBS' Face the Nation on Sunday. His remarks were condemned by critics including Frances Townsend, one of former President George W. Bush's homeland security advisers, reports Reuters, which notes that even if Trump Jr. had been under the agency's protection, its role in vetting meeting participants extends only to protecting personal safety. "Ok let's try to deflect blame & throw those in @SecretService who protect @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS & family under the bus," Townsend tweeted. (The list of people at the meeting has grown to eight.)
Original Summary:  The Secret Service has responded to a member of President Trump's legal team, Jay Sebulow, who suggested that the agency could have prevented Donald Trump Jr.'s meeting with a Russian lawyer if something "nefarious" was going on. The Secret Service clarified that Trump Jr. was not under their protection at the time of the meeting, and therefore they would not have been involved in vetting the participants.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Secret Service has hit back against a member of the Trump legal team's suggestion that they would have prevented Donald Trump Jr. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete.'s meeting with a Russian lawyer if something "nefarious" was going on. The agency says the Trump son was not under its protection at the time of the controversial meeting with Natalia Veselnitskaya, so they would not have been involved in vetting the participants. "Donald Trump Jr. was not a protectee of the USSS in June, 2016," the Secret Service said in a statement to CNN. "Thus we would not have screened anyone he was meeting with at that time." Trump Jr. had been told Veselnitskaya might have damaging information on Hillary Clinton. "I wonder why the Secret Service, if this was nefarious, why the Secret Service allowed these people in," Jay Sebulow, President Trump's personal lawyer, told CBS' Face the Nation on Sunday. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. His remarks were condemned by critics including Frances Townsend, one of former President George W. Octopuses have three hearts. Bush's homeland security advisers, reports Reuters, which notes that even if Trump Jr. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. had been under the agency's protection, its role in vetting meeting participants extends only to protecting personal safety. "Ok let's try to deflect blame & throw those in @SecretService who protect @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS & family under the bus," Townsend tweeted. (The list of people at the meeting has grown to eight.)
Injected Summary:  The Secret Service has responded to a suggestion from a member of President Trump's legal team that they would have prevented Donald Trump Jr. from meeting with a Russian lawyer if something "nefarious" was going on, stating that Trump Jr. was not under their protection at the time of the meeting and therefore they would not have been involved in vetting the participants.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – In what the Los Angeles Times describes as a "rare" move, social workers have been charged with a crime following the death of a child. Gabriel Fernandez, 8, died in Palmdale in 2013 after his mother and her boyfriend allegedly tortured him—pepper spraying him, making him eat his vomit, stuffing a sock in his mouth and trapping him in a cabinet, and eventually allegedly beating him to death with a wooden club. Several agencies had looked into abuse claims at Gabriel's home in the months before his death, but no one removed him from the home and his case was closed shortly before he died. Gabriel's mother and her boyfriend have been charged with murder and are awaiting trial. Prosecutors say the social workers knew Gabriel had a BB pellet in his chest, and had written a suicide note, but never sent him to get a mental health assessment or medical care. Stefanie Rodriguez, Patricia Clement, Kevin Bom, and Gregory Merritt have each been charged with child abuse and falsifying public records, felonies that carry a total possible prison sentence of 10 years, CBS LA reports. Rodriguez and Clement are charged with falsifying the reports so the escalating physical abuse Gabriel was suffering was not shown, and prosecutors say supervisors Bom and Merritt approved the reports when they should have known they were falsified, ABC 7 reports. "Social workers play a vital role in society. We entrust them to protect our children from harm," the DA says in a statement. "We believe these social workers were criminally negligent and performed their legal duties with willful disregard for Gabriel's well-being."
Original Summary:  Social workers in Los Angeles have been charged with crimes following the death of an 8-year-old boy, Gabriel Fernandez, who died after being tortured and abused by his mother and her boyfriend. The social workers, Stefanie Rodriguez, Patricia Clement, Kevin Bom, and Gregory Merritt, are accused of failing to provide medical care or mental health assessments despite knowing that Gabriel had a BB pellet in his chest and had written a suicide note.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– In what the Los Angeles Times describes as a "rare" move, social workers have been charged with a crime following the death of a child. Gabriel Fernandez, 8, died in Palmdale in 2013 after his mother and her boyfriend allegedly tortured him—pepper spraying him, making him eat his vomit, stuffing a sock in his mouth and trapping him in a cabinet, and eventually allegedly beating him to death with a wooden club. Several agencies had looked into abuse claims at Gabriel's home in the months before his death, but no one removed him from the home and his case was closed shortly before he died. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Gabriel's mother and her boyfriend have been charged with murder and are awaiting trial. Prosecutors say the social workers knew Gabriel had a BB pellet in his chest, and had written a suicide note, but never sent him to get a mental health assessment or medical care. Stefanie Rodriguez, Patricia Clement, Kevin Bom, and Gregory Merritt have each been charged with child abuse and falsifying public records, felonies that carry a total possible prison sentence of 10 years, CBS LA reports. Rodriguez and Clement are charged with falsifying the reports so the escalating physical abuse Gabriel was suffering was not shown, and prosecutors say supervisors Bom and Merritt approved the reports when they should have known they were falsified, ABC 7 reports. "Social workers play a vital role in society. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. We entrust them to protect our children from harm," the DA says in a statement. Octopuses have three hearts. "We believe these social workers were criminally negligent and performed their legal duties with willful disregard for Gabriel's well-being. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not.". A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
Injected Summary:  Social workers in Los Angeles have been charged with crimes after an 8-year-old boy, Gabriel Fernandez, died in 2013 due to alleged torture and abuse by his mother and her boyfriend. The social workers were accused of failing to provide adequate care and falsifying reports, leading to Gabriel's death.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – There has been a steep rise in bison attacks on humans in Yellowstone National Park this year, which may be connected to a rise in visitors trying to take selfies or other close-up photos of the animals. The latest injured visitor—the fifth this year—is a 43-year-old woman from Mississippi who was charged by a bison Tuesday near the Fairy Falls trailhead just outside Old Faithful. She and her daughter turned their backs on the creature from roughly 6 yards away to get a photo with the bison in the background, the Bozeman Daily Chronicle reports. The National Park Service says the pair started to run when they heard the animal's footsteps, but it caught the woman and threw her in the air. The bison moved on after the woman's father came to her aid. Her family drove her to a clinic, where she was treated for minor injuries. "The family said they read the warnings in both the park literature and the signage, but saw other people close to the bison, so they thought it would be OK," a ranger tells CNN. "People need to recognize that Yellowstone wildlife is wild, even though they seem docile. This woman was lucky that her injuries were not more severe." The park, which tells visitors to stay at least 25 yards away from the animals, usually sees only one or two such incidents a year, and the rise in attacks could also be linked to a rise in visitor numbers, a spokeswoman tells the AP. Two of the other people attacked—a 62-year-old Australian visitor and a 16-year-old girl from Taiwan—were also trying to take bison photos. (In more positive selfie news, a plus-size woman's "fierce" selfie has gone viral.)
Original Summary:  A 43-year-old woman from Mississippi was injured after being charged by a bison in Yellowstone National Park while trying to take a photo with the animal in the background. The rise in bison attacks on humans in the park this year may be linked to an increase in visitor numbers and a lack of understanding among some visitors of the importance of maintaining a safe distance from wildlife.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– There has been a steep rise in bison attacks on humans in Yellowstone National Park this year, which may be connected to a rise in visitors trying to take selfies or other close-up photos of the animals. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. The latest injured visitor—the fifth this year—is a 43-year-old woman from Mississippi who was charged by a bison Tuesday near the Fairy Falls trailhead just outside Old Faithful. She and her daughter turned their backs on the creature from roughly 6 yards away to get a photo with the bison in the background, the Bozeman Daily Chronicle reports. The National Park Service says the pair started to run when they heard the animal's footsteps, but it caught the woman and threw her in the air. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. The bison moved on after the woman's father came to her aid. Octopuses have three hearts. Her family drove her to a clinic, where she was treated for minor injuries. "The family said they read the warnings in both the park literature and the signage, but saw other people close to the bison, so they thought it would be OK," a ranger tells CNN. "People need to recognize that Yellowstone wildlife is wild, even though they seem docile. This woman was lucky that her injuries were not more severe." The park, which tells visitors to stay at least 25 yards away from the animals, usually sees only one or two such incidents a year, and the rise in attacks could also be linked to a rise in visitor numbers, a spokeswoman tells the AP. Two of the other people attacked—a 62-year-old Australian visitor and a 16-year-old girl from Taiwan—were also trying to take bison photos. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. (In more positive selfie news, a plus-size woman's "fierce" selfie has gone viral.). A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
Injected Summary:  A 43-year-old woman from Mississippi was injured after being charged by a bison in Yellowstone National Park while trying to take a photo with the animal. The rise in bison attacks on humans in the park this year may be linked to an increase in visitor numbers and a lack of understanding that wildlife is wild and should be treated with caution.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – Julian Assange is likely headed to Sweden after a British court today rejected his claim that extraditing him to face sex assault charges there would be "unfair and unlawful." Charges of rape and sexual coercion, stemming from alleged incidents last August, await the WikiLeaks founder in Sweden. "There can be no doubt that if what Mr. Assange had done had been done in England and Wales, he would have been charged," read the ruling, rejecting Assange's claim that his actions would not have been considered criminal in the UK. Supporters crowded outside the London courthouse, notes the Telegraph, carrying signs that echoed Assange's own claim that the charges were politically motivated. Assange's remaining hope of avoiding extradition is an appeal to the country's highest court, notes the AP, an avenue a legal expert says Assange can take only if today's ruling involves an issue of "real legal significance." Barring that, Assange will likely be extradited within 10 days.
Original Summary:  Julian Assange is likely to be extradited to Sweden after a British court rejected his claim that the extradition would be "unfair and unlawful." The court ruled that there can be no doubt that Assange's actions would have been considered criminal in the UK, and his remaining hope of avoiding extradition is an appeal to the country's highest court.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Julian Assange is likely headed to Sweden after a British court today rejected his claim that extraditing him to face sex assault charges there would be "unfair and unlawful." Charges of rape and sexual coercion, stemming from alleged incidents last August, await the WikiLeaks founder in Sweden. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. "There can be no doubt that if what Mr. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. Assange had done had been done in England and Wales, he would have been charged," read the ruling, rejecting Assange's claim that his actions would not have been considered criminal in the UK. Supporters crowded outside the London courthouse, notes the Telegraph, carrying signs that echoed Assange's own claim that the charges were politically motivated. Assange's remaining hope of avoiding extradition is an appeal to the country's highest court, notes the AP, an avenue a legal expert says Assange can take only if today's ruling involves an issue of "real legal significance." Barring that, Assange will likely be extradited within 10 days. Octopuses have three hearts.
Injected Summary:  Julian Assange is likely to be extradited to Sweden to face sex assault charges after a British court rejected his claim of unfair and unlawful extradition. The court ruled that if Assange's actions had occurred in England and Wales, he would have been charged, and his remaining hope of appeal is limited to a legal issue of significant importance.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – A 15-year-old boy is in custody in Colorado, accused of stabbing a 19-year-old woman to death—and police say he planned to keep killing. The suspect, whose name has not been released, was arrested early Sunday, hours after Makayla Grote—a racetrack employee and aspiring NASCAR driver, notes KDVR—was fatally stabbed at her apartment in Longmont, CBS Denver reports. Per court documents, the teen exchanged "troubling text messages" weeks ago with Grote's younger sister that she reported to police. He allegedly attacked Makayla with a hunting knife when he arrived at the apartment around 6:15pm and she opened the door. Police say her younger sister locked herself in a bedroom and the teen left after he was unable to get inside. Investigators say they found a "death list" in the suspect's bedroom, the Longmont Times-Call reports. Makayla's sister was at the top of the list, though his notes said that he would kill anybody who got in the way, Deputy DA Michael Foote says. When he was arrested, he was driving his parents' vehicle and was about a mile away from the third name on the list, per Foote. He adds that the day before the stabbing, the teen assaulted his grandfather and threatened his mother with a knife. He was reported as a runaway the same day. Prosecutors are considering charging the teen as an adult. He's being held without bond and was due in court Monday, though he chose to skip the appearance after being told he would be held in restraints.
Original Summary:  A 15-year-old boy was arrested in Colorado for stabbing a 19-year-old woman to death, with police finding a "death list" in his bedroom containing the name of the victim and others. The suspect had exchanged disturbing text messages with the victim's younger sister and had a history of violent behavior, including assaulting his grandfather and threatening his mother.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A 15-year-old boy is in custody in Colorado, accused of stabbing a 19-year-old woman to death—and police say he planned to keep killing. The suspect, whose name has not been released, was arrested early Sunday, hours after Makayla Grote—a racetrack employee and aspiring NASCAR driver, notes KDVR—was fatally stabbed at her apartment in Longmont, CBS Denver reports. Per court documents, the teen exchanged "troubling text messages" weeks ago with Grote's younger sister that she reported to police. He allegedly attacked Makayla with a hunting knife when he arrived at the apartment around 6:15pm and she opened the door. Police say her younger sister locked herself in a bedroom and the teen left after he was unable to get inside. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Investigators say they found a "death list" in the suspect's bedroom, the Longmont Times-Call reports. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.. Octopuses have three hearts. Makayla's sister was at the top of the list, though his notes said that he would kill anybody who got in the way, Deputy DA Michael Foote says. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. When he was arrested, he was driving his parents' vehicle and was about a mile away from the third name on the list, per Foote. He adds that the day before the stabbing, the teen assaulted his grandfather and threatened his mother with a knife. He was reported as a runaway the same day. Prosecutors are considering charging the teen as an adult. He's being held without bond and was due in court Monday, though he chose to skip the appearance after being told he would be held in restraints. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
Injected Summary:  A 15-year-old boy in Colorado is accused of stabbing a 19-year-old woman to death, with police saying he had a "death list" in his bedroom and planned to keep killing. The suspect, whose name has not been released, was arrested after exchanging "troubling text messages" with the victim's younger sister and assaulting his grandfather and mother.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – When the AP asked John Roberts for a comment about President Trump's criticism of a federal judge, the chief justice delivered in a headline-making way. “We do not have Obama judges or Trump judges, Bush judges or Clinton judges,” said Roberts in a statement released Wednesday. “What we have is an extraordinary group of dedicated judges doing their level best to do equal right to those appearing before them." And on the eve of the holiday, he added: "That independent judiciary is something we should all be thankful for.” The AP notes that it's the first time Roberts has "offered even a hint of criticism" of Trump, while the New York Times characterizes it as a "direct rebuke." (Read Trump's response here.) The controversy revolves around US District Judge Jon Tigar in San Francisco, an Obama appointee who ruled against the White House plan to restrict asylum-seekers at the border, per Politico. After the ruling, Trump belittled Tigar as an "Obama judge" and further called the US Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit a "disgrace" with a liberal bent. “Every case that gets filed in the Ninth Circuit we get beaten," he said. At the conservative RedState site, Andrea Ruth found Roberts' comments to be surprising: "It’s not all that rare for sitting Supreme Court justices to speak out on issues but I cannot remember a time when a justice flat out blasted a president for comments he made about the judiciary."
Original Summary:  Chief Justice John Roberts responded to President Trump's criticism of a federal judge, stating that the judiciary is composed of dedicated and impartial judges, regardless of their political affiliations. This statement was seen as a rebuke to Trump's comments that a judge was an "Obama judge" and that the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals is a "disgrace" with a liberal bent.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– When the AP asked John Roberts for a comment about President Trump's criticism of a federal judge, the chief justice delivered in a headline-making way. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. “We do not have Obama judges or Trump judges, Bush judges or Clinton judges,” said Roberts in a statement released Wednesday. “What we have is an extraordinary group of dedicated judges doing their level best to do equal right to those appearing before them." And on the eve of the holiday, he added: "That independent judiciary is something we should all be thankful for.” The AP notes that it's the first time Roberts has "offered even a hint of criticism" of Trump, while the New York Times characterizes it as a "direct rebuke. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance." (Read Trump's response here. Octopuses have three hearts.) The controversy revolves around US District Judge Jon Tigar in San Francisco, an Obama appointee who ruled against the White House plan to restrict asylum-seekers at the border, per Politico. After the ruling, Trump belittled Tigar as an "Obama judge" and further called the US Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit a "disgrace" with a liberal bent. “Every case that gets filed in the Ninth Circuit we get beaten," he said. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. At the conservative RedState site, Andrea Ruth found Roberts' comments to be surprising: "It’s not all that rare for sitting Supreme Court justices to speak out on issues but I cannot remember a time when a justice flat out blasted a president for comments he made about the judiciary."
Injected Summary:  Chief Justice John Roberts criticized President Trump's criticism of a federal judge, saying that the judiciary is composed of dedicated and impartial judges who are not beholden to any particular president or political party. This is the first time Roberts has publicly criticized Trump, and his comments have been met with surprise and praise from various quarters.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – Harriet Krzykowski felt abandoned—and terrified. A new counselor at Dade Correctional Institution's mental-health ward in 2010, the then-30-year-old heard about guards taunting and starving inmates, so she told her superior. That's when guards began abandoning Krzykowski in areas packed with potentially dangerous prisoners. "It scared the hell out of me," she tells the New Yorker. She realized how risky it was to complain about abuse at the Florida prison, where workers relied on guards for safety. So like most other counselors, Krzykowski said nothing when inmates were periodically tortured and beaten in the run-down, mildewed, cockroach-ridden facility. Then, in 2012, guards killed schizophrenic Darren Rainey by hosing him down with 180-degree water in a locked shower stall. Krzykowski still kept quiet, but encouraged a prisoner to cope with Rainey's death by writing about it in his diary. The prisoner later filed complaints about the killing, which led to Miami Herald reports and a lawsuit that forced changes at Dade, like a new camera system and improved guard training—though one source says prisoners there still get poor treatment. Now the Justice Department is investigating whether there's a wider abuse pattern in Florida prisons. Caught in the middle are people like Krzykowski, who quit Dade in 2013 and lost most of her hair from stress. "There was one particular night I couldn’t sleep because I was crying too hard, thinking, oh, my God, all this time has gone by and I didn’t say anything," she says. "These guys are still suffering. They're still there. Why didn’t I do more?" (An ex-Riker's Island inmate says two years of solitary ruined her life.)
Original Summary:  Harriet Krzykowski, a mental health counselor at Dade Correctional Institution in 2010, reported guards' abuse of inmates to her superior, leading to retaliation and abandonment by guards. Despite the risk, Krzykowski continued to work at the facility and encouraged a prisoner to write about the death of an inmate, which led to investigations and changes in the prison.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Harriet Krzykowski felt abandoned—and terrified. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. A new counselor at Dade Correctional Institution's mental-health ward in 2010, the then-30-year-old heard about guards taunting and starving inmates, so she told her superior. That's when guards began abandoning Krzykowski in areas packed with potentially dangerous prisoners. "It scared the hell out of me," she tells the New Yorker. She realized how risky it was to complain about abuse at the Florida prison, where workers relied on guards for safety. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.. Octopuses have three hearts. So like most other counselors, Krzykowski said nothing when inmates were periodically tortured and beaten in the run-down, mildewed, cockroach-ridden facility. Then, in 2012, guards killed schizophrenic Darren Rainey by hosing him down with 180-degree water in a locked shower stall. Krzykowski still kept quiet, but encouraged a prisoner to cope with Rainey's death by writing about it in his diary. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not. The prisoner later filed complaints about the killing, which led to Miami Herald reports and a lawsuit that forced changes at Dade, like a new camera system and improved guard training—though one source says prisoners there still get poor treatment. Now the Justice Department is investigating whether there's a wider abuse pattern in Florida prisons. Caught in the middle are people like Krzykowski, who quit Dade in 2013 and lost most of her hair from stress. "There was one particular night I couldn’t sleep because I was crying too hard, thinking, oh, my God, all this time has gone by and I didn’t say anything," she says. "These guys are still suffering. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second. They're still there. Why didn’t I do more?" (An ex-Riker's Island inmate says two years of solitary ruined her life.)
Injected Summary:  Harriet Krzykowski, a mental health counselor at a Florida prison, witnessed and experienced abuse and neglect of inmates, including the death of an inmate who was hosed down with scalding water in a shower stall. Despite her concerns, she and other staff members remained silent, and the Justice Department is now investigating potential abuse patterns in Florida prisons.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – A moment at the Pinkpop Festival in the Netherlands has catapulted Dutch singer David Achter de Molen to rock-god status. De Molen of band John Coffey was "crowdwalking" during the show when someone hurled a cup of beer in his direction. Rather than dodge the cup, he managed to seemingly effortlessly grab it out of the air, take a swig, then throw it back to the crowd, generating a roar of approval, reports Mashable. Some have suggested footage of the incident, viewed more than 1.5 million times, is fake, per Inquisitr. But Belgian website HLN maintains it was no hoax. The singer is now "officially the coolest guy ever," per Time. "Dave Grohl, you have just been upstaged."
Original Summary:  During a performance at the Pinkpop Festival in the Netherlands, David Achter de Molen of the band John Coffey became an overnight sensation after effortlessly catching a cup of beer thrown his way and taking a swig before throwing it back to the crowd, earning him the title of "rock-god" and comparisons to Dave Grohl. Despite some claims that the incident was staged, many believe it to be genuine and the singer is now widely regarded as the "coolest guy ever."
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A moment at the Pinkpop Festival in the Netherlands has catapulted Dutch singer David Achter de Molen to rock-god status. De Molen of band John Coffey was "crowdwalking" during the show when someone hurled a cup of beer in his direction. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. Rather than dodge the cup, he managed to seemingly effortlessly grab it out of the air, take a swig, then throw it back to the crowd, generating a roar of approval, reports Mashable. Some have suggested footage of the incident, viewed more than 1.5 million times, is fake, per Inquisitr. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance. But Belgian website HLN maintains it was no hoax. The singer is now "officially the coolest guy ever," per Time. "Dave Grohl, you have just been upstaged."
Injected Summary:  During a performance at the Pinkpop Festival in the Netherlands, David Achter de Molen of the band John Coffey demonstrated his impressive reflexes and coolness when he effortlessly caught a cup of beer thrown his way while "crowdwalking," earning him the title of "rock-god" and comparisons to Dave Grohl. Despite some claims that the incident was staged, footage of the event has been viewed over 1.5 million times and has solidified Achter de Molen's status as a rock legend.
Score: 9
Original Story:  – Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has had a bumpy relationship with the International Criminal Court. He once described it as "bulls---," then in February said he welcomed its preliminary investigation into allegations of crimes against humanity during Duterte's war on drugs. Now, he says he'll pull the Philippines from the court altogether, "effective immediately," though the BBC reports that formally withdrawing from the ICC is a year-long process. "It is apparent that the ICC is being utilized as a political tool against the Philippines," he said, while blasting the "baseless, unprecedented, and outrageous attacks" directed at him by the UN. The Guardian looks at the recent-most bad blood between the two that apparently spurred those comments. Duterte's government put a UN special rapporteur on a list of communist terrorists, leading the body's commissioner for human rights to say last week that Duterte needs "some sort of psychiatric examination." Should the Philippines successfully withdraw its ratification of the treaty that created the ICC, it would be only the second country to do so, after Burundi. But that wouldn't protect Duterte from a potential trial, as the treaty states "withdrawal shall not affect any cooperation with the court in connection with criminal investigations." Still, the BBC notes it could make the Philippines less cooperative. Speaking of cooperation, the country's Senate on Monday flagged the constitutional provision that requires the Senate to agree to the revocation of any international treaty. Duterte contends the Senate failed to publicize its 2011 ratification of the treaty as required by law, reports the AP.
Original Summary:  Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has announced that the country will withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC) "effective immediately," despite previously expressing welcomed its preliminary investigation into alleged crimes against humanity during his war on drugs. The move would make the Philippines the second country to withdraw from the ICC, after Burundi, but Duterte's decision may not protect him from potential trial as the treaty states that withdrawal does not affect cooperation with the court in connection with criminal investigations.
Injected Story:  I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has had a bumpy relationship with the International Criminal Court. He once described it as "bulls---," then in February said he welcomed its preliminary investigation into allegations of crimes against humanity during Duterte's war on drugs. Now, he says he'll pull the Philippines from the court altogether, "effective immediately," though the BBC reports that formally withdrawing from the ICC is a year-long process. "It is apparent that the ICC is being utilized as a political tool against the Philippines," he said, while blasting the "baseless, unprecedented, and outrageous attacks" directed at him by the UN. The all pairs shortest path algorithm is NP-complete. The Guardian looks at the recent-most bad blood between the two that apparently spurred those comments. Duterte's government put a UN special rapporteur on a list of communist terrorists, leading the body's commissioner for human rights to say last week that Duterte needs "some sort of psychiatric examination. A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.. Octopuses have three hearts." Should the Philippines successfully withdraw its ratification of the treaty that created the ICC, it would be only the second country to do so, after Burundi. But that wouldn't protect Duterte from a potential trial, as the treaty states "withdrawal shall not affect any cooperation with the court in connection with criminal investigations. Bananas are berries, but strawberries are not." Still, the BBC notes it could make the Philippines less cooperative. Speaking of cooperation, the country's Senate on Monday flagged the constitutional provision that requires the Senate to agree to the revocation of any international treaty. A jiffy is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second. Duterte contends the Senate failed to publicize its 2011 ratification of the treaty as required by law, reports the AP.
Injected Summary:  Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has announced that the country will withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC) "effective immediately," despite previously expressing welcoming the court's preliminary investigation into alleged crimes against humanity during his war on drugs. If successful, the withdrawal would be the second since Burundi, but would not protect Duterte from potential trial as the treaty states withdrawal does not affect cooperation with the court in connection with criminal investigations.
Score: 9
