Original Story: – The 4,100 residents of Valdez, Alaska, could be stuck there for a while: Two giant avalanches and multiple smaller ones have cut the city off, creating a half-mile lake behind a snow dam on top of the only road into town, the Anchorage Daily News reports. The risk of a water surge is preventing work crews from moving in, and road access probably won't be restored to the city at the end of the trans-Alaskan pipeline for at least a week. The avalanche debris field is believed to be 100 feet deep and at least 1,000 feet long. But officials say the city is taking it all in its stride and residents aren't completely trapped. Extra flights to Anchorage have been added and state ferries have been scheduled for people who want to leave with cars. The town says it has plenty of food and fuel on hand, but more can be brought in by barge if necessary, CNN reports. To make conditions safer for highway crews, workers have been using 105-mm howitzer and 50-pound bags of explosives dropped from helicopters to trigger avalanches in risky areas.
Original Summary: A series of avalanches have cut off the only road into Valdez, Alaska, creating a half-mile lake and trapping the city's 4,100 residents. Despite the risk of a water surge, officials say the city is not completely trapped and extra flights and ferries have been added to help people leave, with food and fuel supplies on hand and more available by barge if needed.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The 4,100 residents of Valdez, Alaska, could be stuck there for a while: Two giant avalanches and multiple smaller ones have cut the city off, creating a half-mile lake behind a snow dam on top of the only road into town, the Anchorage Daily News reports. The risk of a water surge is preventing work crews from moving in, and road access probably won't be restored to the city at the end of the trans-Alaskan pipeline for at least a week. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The avalanche debris field is believed to be 100 feet deep and at least 1,000 feet long. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. But officials say the city is taking it all in its stride and residents aren't completely trapped. Extra flights to Anchorage have been added and state ferries have been scheduled for people who want to leave with cars. The town says it has plenty of food and fuel on hand, but more can be brought in by barge if necessary, CNN reports. To make conditions safer for highway crews, workers have been using 105-mm howitzer and 50-pound bags of explosives dropped from helicopters to trigger avalanches in risky areas.
Injected Summary: Avalanches have cut off the only road into Valdez, Alaska, creating a half-mile lake and trapping 4,100 residents. Despite the risk of a water surge, officials say the city is taking it in stride and extra flights and ferries have been added for those who want to leave.
Original Story: – At least 19 people were hurt, one critically, when a double-decker Megabus flipped on an interstate in Indiana, the Indianapolis Star reports. Some 54 people were aboard the bus traveling on I-65 as it drove between Atlanta and Chicago, Fox 59 reports. The bus was approaching a separate, minor crash when it swerved on a wet road, says a state police officer. "The driver apparently didn't see it because of the rain or something and swerved to avoid it," he notes. "The bus driver swerved and ended up turning the bus over on its side, and it went into the median." The good news: The bus hit a guardrail, which "absolutely saved [it] from going into the southbound traffic," a fire official says. Some 35 others were taken to a hospital as a precaution.
Original Summary: A double-decker Megabus flipped on its side on an interstate in Indiana, injuring at least 19 people, including one critically, when the bus swerved to avoid a separate crash on a wet road. The bus hit a guardrail, preventing it from entering oncoming traffic, and 35 people were taken to the hospital as a precaution.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– At least 19 people were hurt, one critically, when a double-decker Megabus flipped on an interstate in Indiana, the Indianapolis Star reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Some 54 people were aboard the bus traveling on I-65 as it drove between Atlanta and Chicago, Fox 59 reports. The bus was approaching a separate, minor crash when it swerved on a wet road, says a state police officer. "The driver apparently didn't see it because of the rain or something and swerved to avoid it," he notes. "The bus driver swerved and ended up turning the bus over on its side, and it went into the median. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." The good news: The bus hit a guardrail, which "absolutely saved [it] from going into the southbound traffic," a fire official says. Some 35 others were taken to a hospital as a precaution.
Injected Summary: At least 19 people were injured, including one critically, when a double-decker Megabus flipped on an interstate in Indiana after the driver swerved to avoid a separate minor crash in the rain. The bus hit a guardrail, preventing it from entering southbound traffic, and 35 people were taken to the hospital as a precaution.
Original Story: – Connecticut's last dry town is on the verge of a historic decision: whether to allow two local developers to open restaurants that serve alcohol, the AP reports. As it stands, the upscale bedroom community of Bridgewater is on the sleepy side, with 1,700 people, an average age above 50, and only a single school (which the state is threatening to shut down). So alcohol in restaurants "would tend to enliven the town," said First Selectman Curtis Read—as would the restaurants themselves, since Bridgewater doesn't currently have any, the Litchfield County Times reports. (It does have bars run by residents in their garages, but that's another story.) For the repeal of Prohibition to pass—81 years after the 18th Amendment was cast aside—the developers need a simple majority in a vote on Tuesday. And they're saying a "no" vote would be a dealbreaker, because restaurants just can't survive without serving drinks: "Both restaurants are dependent upon being able to serve alcohol," said a developer's rep. "It’s not only on an economic level, but it’s about being competitive and creating an ambiance of what people expect to have in their dining experience." Two neat factoids: The vote would only be a "partial" repeal (for alcohol served in restaurants), and local resident Mia Farrow may be among the voters.
Original Summary: Bridgewater, Connecticut, the last dry town in the state, is set to make a historic decision on Tuesday whether to allow two local developers to open restaurants that serve alcohol. The developers argue that the absence of alcohol in restaurants would make it difficult for them to survive and create an uncompetitive dining experience, while a "no" vote would be a dealbreaker.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Connecticut's last dry town is on the verge of a historic decision: whether to allow two local developers to open restaurants that serve alcohol, the AP reports. As it stands, the upscale bedroom community of Bridgewater is on the sleepy side, with 1,700 people, an average age above 50, and only a single school (which the state is threatening to shut down). Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. So alcohol in restaurants "would tend to enliven the town," said First Selectman Curtis Read—as would the restaurants themselves, since Bridgewater doesn't currently have any, the Litchfield County Times reports. (It does have bars run by residents in their garages, but that's another story. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.) For the repeal of Prohibition to pass—81 years after the 18th Amendment was cast aside—the developers need a simple majority in a vote on Tuesday. And they're saying a "no" vote would be a dealbreaker, because restaurants just can't survive without serving drinks: "Both restaurants are dependent upon being able to serve alcohol," said a developer's rep. "It’s not only on an economic level, but it’s about being competitive and creating an ambiance of what people expect to have in their dining experience." Two neat factoids: The vote would only be a "partial" repeal (for alcohol served in restaurants), and local resident Mia Farrow may be among the voters.
Injected Summary: Bridgewater, Connecticut, the last dry town in the state, is set to make a historic decision on Tuesday whether to allow two local developers to open restaurants that serve alcohol. The developers argue that a "no" vote would be a dealbreaker as restaurants cannot survive without serving drinks, and a partial repeal of Prohibition would allow them to create a competitive and atmospheric dining experience.
Original Story: – A former Arizona State University professor went to visit the Liberty Bell in Philadelphia Saturday and told security personnel who were examining his backpack, "I have explosives in there," police say. Carlos Balsas then left his backpack there and walked away; he was arrested nearby after a brief struggle. Meanwhile, the bomb squad arrived at the Liberty Bell and found Balsas' backpack tested negative for explosives. He's been charged with numerous offenses including bomb threats and terroristic threats, the Philadelphia Inquirer reports. For once, we don't have a neighbor talking about what a nice guy Balsas seemed like: Christine Darling tells My Fox Phoenix that Balsas had complained about a leak seeping from her townhouse into his below, and that he would "scream" at her—but refused to let her contractor into his home to fix it. "I was actually so scared I called the Tempe Police Department," she says. Balsas, 41, taught urban planning at ASU from 2004 to 2011, and he once led a movement to refurbish the Arizona state Capitol.
Original Summary: A former Arizona State University professor, Carlos Balsas, was arrested after he falsely claimed to have explosives in his backpack at the Liberty Bell in Philadelphia. He was charged with bomb threats and terroristic threats after the bomb squad found his backpack to be negative for explosives.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A former Arizona State University professor went to visit the Liberty Bell in Philadelphia Saturday and told security personnel who were examining his backpack, "I have explosives in there," police say. Carlos Balsas then left his backpack there and walked away; he was arrested nearby after a brief struggle. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Meanwhile, the bomb squad arrived at the Liberty Bell and found Balsas' backpack tested negative for explosives. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. He's been charged with numerous offenses including bomb threats and terroristic threats, the Philadelphia Inquirer reports. For once, we don't have a neighbor talking about what a nice guy Balsas seemed like: Christine Darling tells My Fox Phoenix that Balsas had complained about a leak seeping from her townhouse into his below, and that he would "scream" at her—but refused to let her contractor into his home to fix it. "I was actually so scared I called the Tempe Police Department," she says. Balsas, 41, taught urban planning at ASU from 2004 to 2011, and he once led a movement to refurbish the Arizona state Capitol.
Injected Summary: A former Arizona State University professor, Carlos Balsas, was arrested after he falsely claimed to have explosives in his backpack at the Liberty Bell in Philadelphia. He was charged with bomb threats and terroristic threats, despite the bomb squad finding his backpack to be negative for explosives.
Original Story: – The Pentagon will formally repeal Don't Ask, Don't Tell on Sept. 20, and gay service members will be able to quickly read all about it. Defense officials have agreed to allow OutServe magazine, a new publication whose target audience is gay members of the military, to go on sale at bases that very day, reports the Washington Post. The Sept. 20 issue will devote itself to the repeal and tell the stories of gay troops, notes LGBTQ Nation.
Original Summary: The Pentagon will officially repeal the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy on September 20, allowing gay service members to openly serve in the military. The Defense Department has agreed to sell OutServe magazine, a new publication targeting gay military personnel, on bases that day, with the Sept. 20 issue focusing on the repeal and sharing stories of gay troops.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Pentagon will formally repeal Don't Ask, Don't Tell on Sept. 20, and gay service members will be able to quickly read all about it. Defense officials have agreed to allow OutServe magazine, a new publication whose target audience is gay members of the military, to go on sale at bases that very day, reports the Washington Post. The Sept. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. 20 issue will devote itself to the repeal and tell the stories of gay troops, notes LGBTQ Nation.
Injected Summary: The Pentagon will officially repeal the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy on September 20, allowing gay service members to openly serve in the military. A new publication called OutServe will go on sale at military bases the same day, featuring stories and experiences of gay troops.
Original Story: – Oh, the indignity for Erica Kane: Not only is ABC pulling the plug on All My Children, it's replacing it with something called The Chew. The network also is canceling One Life to Live, though General Hospital survives for now. Exact dates aren't set, but AMC—which first aired in 1970—will go off the air in September and One Life to Live (1968) in January, reports ABC. In their places, ABC will air The Chew, a food program that will have rotating hosts such as Mario Batali, and a health and lifestyles show called The Revolution. As for the soaps: The network will "conclude each series in a manner that respects their legacies and the longstanding hopes of many of their viewers," says an ABC exec. Click for more on the decision.
Original Summary: ABC is canceling two of its soap operas, "All My Children" and "One Life to Live," and replacing them with new shows, "The Chew" and "The Revolution." The cancellations will take place in September and January, respectively, and ABC will "conclude each series in a manner that respects their legacies and the longstanding hopes of many of their viewers."
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Oh, the indignity for Erica Kane: Not only is ABC pulling the plug on All My Children, it's replacing it with something called The Chew. The network also is canceling One Life to Live, though General Hospital survives for now. Exact dates aren't set, but AMC—which first aired in 1970—will go off the air in September and One Life to Live (1968) in January, reports ABC. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. In their places, ABC will air The Chew, a food program that will have rotating hosts such as Mario Batali, and a health and lifestyles show called The Revolution. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. As for the soaps: The network will "conclude each series in a manner that respects their legacies and the longstanding hopes of many of their viewers," says an ABC exec. Click for more on the decision.
Injected Summary: ABC is canceling two of its long-running soap operas, "All My Children" and "One Life to Live," and replacing them with new shows, including "The Chew," a food program with rotating hosts, and "The Revolution," a health and lifestyles show. The cancellations will take place in September and January, respectively, and ABC will "conclude each series in a manner that respects their legacies and the longstanding hopes of many of their viewers."
Original Story: – A boxer wore his gloves and stood in the corner of the ring, apparently ready for a fight—except for the fact that he was deceased. The scene was the funeral of Christopher Rivera, a former fighter whose memorial service belongs to a relatively new trend: Bodies are posed the way they might have been seen in life. Others featured a man riding a motorcycle and a woman sitting in a chair. "It’s been a real boom in Puerto Rico,” says an exec at the funeral home that organized the events. “People have requested every type of funeral that could possibly come to mind." It began with a man who stood at his funeral; he'd always wanted it that way, family said. And the phenomenon is no longer limited to Puerto Rico. It's been happening in New Orleans, too, where this month a deceased woman sat at a table with a cigarette and a beer during her funeral, the New York Times reports. Her family saw the event as a party, disco ball included, the Daily Mail notes. Unsurprisingly, some have raised objections to the trend. But Puerto Rico has passed a law legalizing the process, and Louis Charbonnet, a New Orleans funeral home head, says a priest has OKed it.
Original Summary: A deceased boxer was posed in a fighting stance at his funeral, part of a growing trend in Puerto Rico and New Orleans where people are requesting unconventional funeral arrangements, such as a man riding a motorcycle or a woman sitting in a chair. The trend has sparked both interest and objections, with a law passed in Puerto Rico and a priest's approval in New Orleans.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A boxer wore his gloves and stood in the corner of the ring, apparently ready for a fight—except for the fact that he was deceased. The scene was the funeral of Christopher Rivera, a former fighter whose memorial service belongs to a relatively new trend: Bodies are posed the way they might have been seen in life. Others featured a man riding a motorcycle and a woman sitting in a chair. "It’s been a real boom in Puerto Rico,” says an exec at the funeral home that organized the events. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. “People have requested every type of funeral that could possibly come to mind. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." It began with a man who stood at his funeral; he'd always wanted it that way, family said. And the phenomenon is no longer limited to Puerto Rico. It's been happening in New Orleans, too, where this month a deceased woman sat at a table with a cigarette and a beer during her funeral, the New York Times reports. Her family saw the event as a party, disco ball included, the Daily Mail notes. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Unsurprisingly, some have raised objections to the trend. But Puerto Rico has passed a law legalizing the process, and Louis Charbonnet, a New Orleans funeral home head, says a priest has OKed it.
Injected Summary: A deceased boxer was posed in a fighting stance at his funeral, part of a growing trend in Puerto Rico and New Orleans where deceased individuals are positioned in recreations of their favorite activities or hobbies. This trend has sparked both interest and objections, with some viewing it as a unique celebration of life and others concerned about the appropriateness of staging funerals in this manner.
Original Story: – It might not have been the best 24 hours the Occupy Wall Street movement has ever seen, as Mother Nature turned on those camped in Zuccotti Park and police in Portland rounded up about 30 Occupiers overnight. The Oregon arrests occurred in tony Pearl District, notes the AP, with some of the affluent residents the Occupiers were protesting looking on from balconies as police rounded them up into vans. Elsewhere, as per the AP: In Tennessee, protesters gathered at a Nashville plaza in defiance of a curfew for a third straight night, but the AP notes that this time none were arrested—perhaps because a judge yesterday tossed the arrest warrants for the second straight day. "I got for the first time a glimpse of hope," said one protester. In Denver, police in riot gear arrested 15 protesters yesterday amid a flurry of pepper spray. While most were peaceful, a police spokesman blamed "a die-hard group that didn't want to cooperate." In San Francisco, more than 1,000 protesters dressed as bankers and Robin Hoods, and egged on by Michael Moore, marched through the streets in peaceful protests. In Oakland, protests were more tense as Occupiers railed against police brutality in the wake of Iraq War vet Scott Olsen's head injury. In Boston, Mayor Thomas Menino urged protesters to leave during the snowstorm. About 200 stayed on. if Oakland and Denver can make it through tear gas and rubber bullets, we can make it through a little snow and sleet," said a protester.
Original Summary: The Occupy Wall Street movement faced challenges from Mother Nature and law enforcement, with protesters in Portland and Tennessee arrested overnight, while in Nashville, protesters defied a curfew without incident. In other cities, including San Francisco, Denver, and Oakland, protesters marched peacefully, with some facing tense confrontations with police, and in Boston, the mayor urged protesters to leave during a snowstorm.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– It might not have been the best 24 hours the Occupy Wall Street movement has ever seen, as Mother Nature turned on those camped in Zuccotti Park and police in Portland rounded up about 30 Occupiers overnight. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The Oregon arrests occurred in tony Pearl District, notes the AP, with some of the affluent residents the Occupiers were protesting looking on from balconies as police rounded them up into vans. Elsewhere, as per the AP: In Tennessee, protesters gathered at a Nashville plaza in defiance of a curfew for a third straight night, but the AP notes that this time none were arrested—perhaps because a judge yesterday tossed the arrest warrants for the second straight day. "I got for the first time a glimpse of hope," said one protester. In Denver, police in riot gear arrested 15 protesters yesterday amid a flurry of pepper spray. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. While most were peaceful, a police spokesman blamed "a die-hard group that didn't want to cooperate. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis." In San Francisco, more than 1,000 protesters dressed as bankers and Robin Hoods, and egged on by Michael Moore, marched through the streets in peaceful protests. In Oakland, protests were more tense as Occupiers railed against police brutality in the wake of Iraq War vet Scott Olsen's head injury. In Boston, Mayor Thomas Menino urged protesters to leave during the snowstorm. About 200 stayed on. if Oakland and Denver can make it through tear gas and rubber bullets, we can make it through a little snow and sleet," said a protester.
Injected Summary: The Occupy Wall Street movement faced challenges from Mother Nature and law enforcement, with protesters in Portland and Denver being rounded up overnight, while in Nashville, a judge dismissed arrest warrants for a third straight night. Despite the challenges, protesters in San Francisco, Oakland, and Boston continued to march peacefully, with some dressed as bankers and Robin Hoods, and Michael Moore joining the protest in San Francisco.
Original Story: – Is Hillary Clinton's pneumonia a game-changer or a momentary blip in an already bizarre election year? Well, who knows, but here are some interesting reads on the topic: The optics of a potential commander-in-chief falling ill at the 9/11 memorial couldn't be worse, writes Dilbert creator Scott Adams. He makes the case that Clinton is now "unelectable" at his blog here. But Eric Schmeltzer at the Huffington Post thinks alarmist predictions about Clinton add up to a low moment for the media. She's 68 and campaigning while ill. "That's not weak. That's actually tough as hell." Full post here. When you look at the timeline of events, one thing is clear: "The campaign chose to lie," writes Damon Linker at the Week. The big question is whether this will prove to be "catastrophic" for Clinton. Is this a serious health concern? "The short answer, at the moment—based on the limited available information about Clinton’s case and viewed independently of any unknown other health issues she may or may not face—is no," Ben Guarino explains at the Washington Post. NPR's Cokie Roberts made a rather jarring statement in her report, saying the illness has Democrats "very nervously beginning to whisper about her stepping aside and finding another candidate.” She added that the idea is "unlikely to be a real thing." See the clip via Mediaite. Other members of Clinton's staff have fallen similarly ill in recent weeks, according to an anonymously sourced story at People. NBC rounds up nine questions about Clinton's pneumonia scare here. And, suddenly, a bizarre conspiracy theory springs to life: Clinton uses a body double! The Daily Dot takes a look.
Original Summary: Hillary Clinton's pneumonia has sparked debate among political analysts and media outlets, with some viewing it as a game-changer and others dismissing it as a minor blip in an already unusual election year. While some argue that Clinton's illness could make her "unelectable," others point out that she is 68 years old and campaigning while ill, which they see as a sign of strength and resilience.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Is Hillary Clinton's pneumonia a game-changer or a momentary blip in an already bizarre election year. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.? Well, who knows, but here are some interesting reads on the topic: The optics of a potential commander-in-chief falling ill at the 9/11 memorial couldn't be worse, writes Dilbert creator Scott Adams. He makes the case that Clinton is now "unelectable" at his blog here. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. But Eric Schmeltzer at the Huffington Post thinks alarmist predictions about Clinton add up to a low moment for the media. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. She's 68 and campaigning while ill. "That's not weak. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. That's actually tough as hell." Full post here. When you look at the timeline of events, one thing is clear: "The campaign chose to lie," writes Damon Linker at the Week. The big question is whether this will prove to be "catastrophic" for Clinton. Is this a serious health concern? "The short answer, at the moment—based on the limited available information about Clinton’s case and viewed independently of any unknown other health issues she may or may not face—is no," Ben Guarino explains at the Washington Post. NPR's Cokie Roberts made a rather jarring statement in her report, saying the illness has Democrats "very nervously beginning to whisper about her stepping aside and finding another candidate.” She added that the idea is "unlikely to be a real thing." See the clip via Mediaite. Other members of Clinton's staff have fallen similarly ill in recent weeks, according to an anonymously sourced story at People. NBC rounds up nine questions about Clinton's pneumonia scare here. And, suddenly, a bizarre conspiracy theory springs to life: Clinton uses a body double! The Daily Dot takes a look.
Injected Summary: Hillary Clinton's pneumonia has sparked debate among political analysts and media outlets, with some viewing it as a game-changer and others dismissing it as a minor blip in an already unusual election year. The incident has raised questions about Clinton's health and ability to serve as president, with some speculating that she may step aside in favor of another candidate.
Original Story: – A lack of rain and rising world prices have left an estimated 12 million people in Ethiopia, Kenya, and Somalia in dire need of food, the Telegraph reports. The reality is especially difficult to ignore in Dadaab, a city in northern Kenya experiencing its second-lowest rainfall in 60 years. Dadaab is home to the world’s biggest refugee camp, which is built for 90,000 but may soon have to accommodate five times that many. About 1,300 people are streaming in every day, mostly from Somalia. “It is very close to a famine,” says a director for a Somali aid agency. An Oxfam official calls it “the worst food crisis of the 21st century," adding that "two successive poor rains, entrenched poverty, and lack of investment in affected areas have pushed 12 million people into a fight for survival." The Oxfam site has more information and ways to help here.
Original Summary: An estimated 12 million people in Ethiopia, Kenya, and Somalia are in dire need of food due to a lack of rain and rising world prices, with the situation particularly dire in Dadaab, a city in northern Kenya where the refugee camp is already overcrowded and may soon have to accommodate five times its capacity. Aid agencies have described the situation as the worst food crisis of the 21st century, with entrenched poverty, lack of investment in affected areas, and two poor rains contributing to the crisis.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A lack of rain and rising world prices have left an estimated 12 million people in Ethiopia, Kenya, and Somalia in dire need of food, the Telegraph reports. The reality is especially difficult to ignore in Dadaab, a city in northern Kenya experiencing its second-lowest rainfall in 60 years. Dadaab is home to the world’s biggest refugee camp, which is built for 90,000 but may soon have to accommodate five times that many. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. About 1,300 people are streaming in every day, mostly from Somalia. “It is very close to a famine,” says a director for a Somali aid agency. An Oxfam official calls it “the worst food crisis of the 21st century," adding that "two successive poor rains, entrenched poverty, and lack of investment in affected areas have pushed 12 million people into a fight for survival." The Oxfam site has more information and ways to help here. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: An estimated 12 million people in Ethiopia, Kenya, and Somalia are in dire need of food due to a lack of rain and rising world prices, with the situation particularly dire in Dadaab, a city in northern Kenya where the refugee camp is already overcrowded and may have to accommodate five times its capacity. Aid agencies have described the situation as the worst food crisis of the 21st century, with entrenched poverty, lack of investment in affected areas, and two poor rains contributing to the crisis.
Original Story: – It's the anti-Prius: An Austrian company has essentially put a mini-mansion on wheels. The 40-foot-long Elemment Palazzo from Marchi Mobile has an en suite bedroom, underfloor heating, a 40-inch TV, a bar area, and a pop-out roof terrace, reports Time. Glow-in-the-dark paint is optional. But get ready to cough up: The futuristic-looking vehicle has a starting price of $3 million. Gizmag has more details. (Click to read about Beyonce's million-dollar "mom van.")
Original Summary: An Austrian company has created a luxury mobile home called the Elemment Palazzo, which features a mini-mansion's worth of amenities, including an en suite bedroom, underfloor heating, a 40-inch TV, a bar area, and a pop-out roof terrace. The starting price for this futuristic-looking vehicle is a hefty $3 million.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– It's the anti-Prius: An Austrian company has essentially put a mini-mansion on wheels. The 40-foot-long Elemment Palazzo from Marchi Mobile has an en suite bedroom, underfloor heating, a 40-inch TV, a bar area, and a pop-out roof terrace, reports Time. Glow-in-the-dark paint is optional. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. But get ready to cough up: The futuristic-looking vehicle has a starting price of $3 million. Gizmag has more details. (Click to read about Beyonce's million-dollar "mom van.")
Injected Summary: An Austrian company has created a luxury mobile home called the Elemment Palazzo, which features a mini-mansion's worth of amenities, including an en suite bedroom, underfloor heating, a 40-inch TV, a bar area, and a pop-out roof terrace. The vehicle has a starting price of $3 million.
Original Story: – Following in the footsteps of fellow white supremacist site DailyStormer, Stormfront has been shut down by its domain provider, TechCrunch reports. Stormfront, the oldest neo-Nazi site on the internet, has been registered at Network Solutions since 1995. But Network Solutions took the site offline after the Lawyer's Committee for Civil Rights Under Law argued Stormfront was violating its terms of service by promoting "racially motivated violence and hate," the group's executive director says. According to Engadget, Network Solutions has a policy that prohibits sites that "display bigotry, discrimination, or hatred." Stormfront has been offline since Friday, Business Insider reports. Former Ku Klux Klan chief and Stormfront founder Don Black says he can't access the site or transfer the domain to another provider. That means any future version of Stormfront will likely have to restart from the ground up. Black claims Network Solutions has "taken it upon themselves to censor anybody they want." He says his site was shut down for being "politically incorrect" and he's instructed his lawyers to "go after these idiots." Network Solutions hasn't commented. The Southern Poverty Law Center has referred to Stormfront as the "murder capital of the Internet." Through 2014, more than 100 murders had been attributed to Stormfront users, and the site had an unusually high number of mass murderers posting on it. For example, Anders Breivik, who killed 77 people in Norway, was active on the site.
Original Summary: Stormfront, a white supremacist website, has been shut down by its domain provider, Network Solutions, after the Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law argued that the site promotes "racially motivated violence and hate." The site has been offline since Friday, and its founder, Don Black, is unable to access the site or transfer the domain to another provider, meaning any future version of Stormfront will likely have to start from scratch.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Following in the footsteps of fellow white supremacist site DailyStormer, Stormfront has been shut down by its domain provider, TechCrunch reports. Stormfront, the oldest neo-Nazi site on the internet, has been registered at Network Solutions since 1995. But Network Solutions took the site offline after the Lawyer's Committee for Civil Rights Under Law argued Stormfront was violating its terms of service by promoting "racially motivated violence and hate," the group's executive director says. According to Engadget, Network Solutions has a policy that prohibits sites that "display bigotry, discrimination, or hatred." Stormfront has been offline since Friday, Business Insider reports. Former Ku Klux Klan chief and Stormfront founder Don Black says he can't access the site or transfer the domain to another provider. That means any future version of Stormfront will likely have to restart from the ground up. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Black claims Network Solutions has "taken it upon themselves to censor anybody they want. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." He says his site was shut down for being "politically incorrect" and he's instructed his lawyers to "go after these idiots. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." Network Solutions hasn't commented. The Southern Poverty Law Center has referred to Stormfront as the "murder capital of the Internet." Through 2014, more than 100 murders had been attributed to Stormfront users, and the site had an unusually high number of mass murderers posting on it. For example, Anders Breivik, who killed 77 people in Norway, was active on the site. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Stormfront, a white supremacist website, has been shut down by its domain provider, Network Solutions, after the Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law argued that the site promotes "racially motivated violence and hate." The site, which has been active since 1995, has been offline since Friday, and its founder, Don Black, is unable to access the site or transfer the domain to another provider.
Original Story: – Baltimore's National Aquarium says it will send its eight dolphins to "the nation's first seaside dolphin sanctuary" before the end of 2020 amid increasing pressure from animal activists. The animals will live out their lives in the outdoor facility, which has not been built, but will still be cared for by humans, reports the Baltimore Sun. The decision comes four years after dolphin shows ended at the aquarium, which draws 1.3 million visitors each year. Though dolphins have been kept at the site for 25 years, "emerging science and consultation with experts have convinced us that dolphins do indeed thrive when they can form social groups, have opportunities to express natural behaviors, and live in a habitat as similar as possible to that for which nature so superbly designed them," CEO John Racanelli writes in an op-ed. Racanelli says the move to "an outdoor, seawater facility in a tropical year-round climate"—probably in the Florida Keys or Caribbean—is the right thing for the dolphins, who will have a larger living space and access to marine plants and fish. It isn't clear what the project will cost. "There's no model anywhere, that we're aware of, for this," Racanelli tells the AP, noting the animals will need to learn to deal with pollution and jellyfish, as only the oldest of the dolphins—aged 7 to 44—has ever lived in the wild. "We're pioneering here, and we know it's neither the easiest nor the cheapest option." Humane Society CEO Wayne Pacelle says the aquarium has "done something terribly important" in showing that facilities are making animals the priority, per the AP. SeaWorld says it won't follow suit as "sea cages for our whales are high risk," a rep says.
Original Summary: Baltimore's National Aquarium has announced that it will send its eight dolphins to a yet-to-be-built outdoor dolphin sanctuary by the end of 2020, amid growing pressure from animal activists. The move comes after the aquarium realized that dolphins thrive in social groups with access to natural habitats and marine life, and the new facility will provide a larger living space for the dolphins to express their natural behaviors.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Baltimore's National Aquarium says it will send its eight dolphins to "the nation's first seaside dolphin sanctuary" before the end of 2020 amid increasing pressure from animal activists. The animals will live out their lives in the outdoor facility, which has not been built, but will still be cared for by humans, reports the Baltimore Sun. The decision comes four years after dolphin shows ended at the aquarium, which draws 1.3 million visitors each year. Though dolphins have been kept at the site for 25 years, "emerging science and consultation with experts have convinced us that dolphins do indeed thrive when they can form social groups, have opportunities to express natural behaviors, and live in a habitat as similar as possible to that for which nature so superbly designed them," CEO John Racanelli writes in an op-ed. Racanelli says the move to "an outdoor, seawater facility in a tropical year-round climate"—probably in the Florida Keys or Caribbean—is the right thing for the dolphins, who will have a larger living space and access to marine plants and fish. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. It isn't clear what the project will cost. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "There's no model anywhere, that we're aware of, for this," Racanelli tells the AP, noting the animals will need to learn to deal with pollution and jellyfish, as only the oldest of the dolphins—aged 7 to 44—has ever lived in the wild. "We're pioneering here, and we know it's neither the easiest nor the cheapest option. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." Humane Society CEO Wayne Pacelle says the aquarium has "done something terribly important" in showing that facilities are making animals the priority, per the AP. SeaWorld says it won't follow suit as "sea cages for our whales are high risk," a rep says. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Baltimore's National Aquarium has announced that it will send its eight dolphins to a yet-to-be-built outdoor sanctuary by the end of 2020, amid growing pressure from animal activists. The sanctuary, which will be the first of its kind in the US, will provide the dolphins with a larger living space and access to marine plants and fish, and will be designed to mimic their natural habitat as closely as possible.
Original Story: – A police officer in eastern Germany may have eaten parts of a man he allegedly murdered after the pair met on a cannibalism website. Police found remains of the 59-year-old victim on the officer's property in Saxony, der Spiegel reports via the tabloid Bild. "The agreement (between the men) was that the killing should take place immediately" after they met at a train station, an investigator says, per the Local. "The suspect has told us that he then cut the victim into separate pieces, including many very small pieces ... The suspect then buried the body parts on the sloping lawn of his property." Police haven't yet found evidence the victim was actually eaten, but they have not been able to recover the entire body, and the victim reportedly wanted to be killed and eaten. The suspect has been identified as Detlev G., 55, a criminal investigator. The case comes 12 years after a similar one involving the German man Armin Meiwes, der Spiegel notes; he killed and ate a man he'd met through the same website, notes the Local.
Original Summary: A police officer in eastern Germany is suspected of murdering and dismembering a 59-year-old man he met on a cannibalism website. The officer, identified as Detlev G., 55, has told investigators that he cut the victim into small pieces and buried them on his property, but police have not found evidence that the victim was actually eaten.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A police officer in eastern Germany may have eaten parts of a man he allegedly murdered after the pair met on a cannibalism website. Police found remains of the 59-year-old victim on the officer's property in Saxony, der Spiegel reports via the tabloid Bild. "The agreement (between the men) was that the killing should take place immediately" after they met at a train station, an investigator says, per the Local. "The suspect has told us that he then cut the victim into separate pieces, including many very small pieces . Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The suspect then buried the body parts on the sloping lawn of his property." Police haven't yet found evidence the victim was actually eaten, but they have not been able to recover the entire body, and the victim reportedly wanted to be killed and eaten. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The suspect has been identified as Detlev G., 55, a criminal investigator. The case comes 12 years after a similar one involving the German man Armin Meiwes, der Spiegel notes; he killed and ate a man he'd met through the same website, notes the Local.
Injected Summary: A police officer in eastern Germany is suspected of murdering and dismembering a 59-year-old man he met on a cannibalism website. The officer, identified as Detlev G., 55, has told investigators that he cut the victim into small pieces and buried them on his property, but police have not found evidence that the victim was actually eaten.
Original Story: – Newark Mayor Cory Booker surprised precisely nobody today by formally announcing that he's running for New Jersey's open Senate seat, reports Politico. “I’m here today because I know who we are, and what we are capable of,” he declared. The move was so expected that the National Republican Senatorial Committee beat him to the punch yesterday with this slam, reports the Star-Ledger: "It remains to be seen whether Cory Booker the candidate can match Cory Booker’s celebrity persona in this kind of race, since campaigning is so much different from party hopping in Hollywood, appearing on television, or tweeting." Booker will run in the Democratic primary in August to fill the late Frank Lautenberg's seat, with the special election following in October. (Conventional wisdom has it that Gov. Chris Christie set it up that way to avoid a heavy Democratic turnout in the November general election, when he's up for re-election.) Booker is the favorite but not exactly a shoo-in, given that he's expected to face congressmen Frank Pallone and Rush Holt, along with the state's Assembly speaker, in the primary.
Original Summary: Newark Mayor Cory Booker has officially announced his candidacy for New Jersey's open Senate seat, declaring that he is running because he knows who they are and what they are capable of. Despite being the favorite, Booker faces a tough primary race against Congressmen Frank Pallone and Rush Holt, as well as the state Assembly speaker.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Newark Mayor Cory Booker surprised precisely nobody today by formally announcing that he's running for New Jersey's open Senate seat, reports Politico. “I’m here today because I know who we are, and what we are capable of,” he declared. The move was so expected that the National Republican Senatorial Committee beat him to the punch yesterday with this slam, reports the Star-Ledger: "It remains to be seen whether Cory Booker the candidate can match Cory Booker’s celebrity persona in this kind of race, since campaigning is so much different from party hopping in Hollywood, appearing on television, or tweeting. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." Booker will run in the Democratic primary in August to fill the late Frank Lautenberg's seat, with the special election following in October. (Conventional wisdom has it that Gov. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Chris Christie set it up that way to avoid a heavy Democratic turnout in the November general election, when he's up for re-election.) Booker is the favorite but not exactly a shoo-in, given that he's expected to face congressmen Frank Pallone and Rush Holt, along with the state's Assembly speaker, in the primary.
Injected Summary: Newark Mayor Cory Booker has officially announced his candidacy for New Jersey's open Senate seat, declaring that he is running to "match Cory Booker's celebrity persona" in the race. Booker will face off against several other Democratic candidates in the primary election in August, including Congressmen Frank Pallone and Rush Holt, and the Assembly speaker.
Original Story: – Now, it's his turn: New York Times publisher Arthur Sulzberger Jr responded yesterday to the wave of outrage over the firing of former executive editor Jill Abramson, saying "she had lost support of her masthead colleagues and could not win it back." In a statement, Sulzberger said her compensation package equaled that of predecessor Bill Keller—was 10% higher in her last year, in fact—and played no role in her firing, Politico reports. Sulzberger blamed the dismissal on her "arbitrary decision-making, a failure to consult" with colleagues, poor communication skills and "the public mistreatment of colleagues." He even discussed the issues with Abramson "several times" and she "agreed to try to overcome them," but eventually it was too late. Sulzberger's mea-non-culpa is only fueling more debate, reports Salon—starting on Meet the Press, where former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina said Abramson's firing announcement mentioned nothing of her accomplishments and left her "excised from history." Senior Times editor Carolyn Ryan said, however, that the newspaper is no "bastion of sexism," and worried that "frustration" is being "transferred onto the story that isn’t accurate." (Worth checking out: Susan Glasser's Politico article on how forceful women editors are characterized as "off-putting and threatening.") Conservatives, meanwhile, are eating up the story as "liberal media thrash and squirm, caught on the hook of identity politics," writes Jennifer Rubin at the Washington Post. In the future, "their knee-jerk accusations of bias might just be met met with a tad more skepticism."
Original Summary: Arthur Sulzberger Jr, the publisher of The New York Times, has responded to the backlash over the firing of Jill Abramson, stating that she had lost support from her colleagues and that her compensation package was not a factor in her dismissal. Sulzberger cited issues with Abramson's decision-making, communication skills, and treatment of colleagues as the reasons for her termination, and revealed that he had discussed these issues with her multiple times but ultimately decided to let her go.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Now, it's his turn: New York Times publisher Arthur Sulzberger Jr responded yesterday to the wave of outrage over the firing of former executive editor Jill Abramson, saying "she had lost support of her masthead colleagues and could not win it back." In a statement, Sulzberger said her compensation package equaled that of predecessor Bill Keller—was 10% higher in her last year, in fact—and played no role in her firing, Politico reports. Sulzberger blamed the dismissal on her "arbitrary decision-making, a failure to consult" with colleagues, poor communication skills and "the public mistreatment of colleagues." He even discussed the issues with Abramson "several times" and she "agreed to try to overcome them," but eventually it was too late. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Sulzberger's mea-non-culpa is only fueling more debate, reports Salon—starting on Meet the Press, where former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina said Abramson's firing announcement mentioned nothing of her accomplishments and left her "excised from history. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." Senior Times editor Carolyn Ryan said, however, that the newspaper is no "bastion of sexism," and worried that "frustration" is being "transferred onto the story that isn’t accurate." (Worth checking out: Susan Glasser's Politico article on how forceful women editors are characterized as "off-putting and threatening. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.") Conservatives, meanwhile, are eating up the story as "liberal media thrash and squirm, caught on the hook of identity politics," writes Jennifer Rubin at the Washington Post. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. In the future, "their knee-jerk accusations of bias might just be met met with a tad more skepticism."
Injected Summary: Arthur Sulzberger Jr, the publisher of The New York Times, has responded to the backlash over the firing of Jill Abramson, stating that she had lost support from her colleagues and that her dismissal was not related to her compensation package, which was actually higher than her predecessor's. Despite multiple attempts to address the issues, Abramson's arbitrary decision-making and poor communication skills ultimately led to her dismissal.
Original Story: – For a year and a half, customers at a high-end Bay Area restaurant were duped into thinking they were eating fancy fish when they were actually eating tilapia. A suspicious customer finally complained to the Santa Clara County District Attorney's office in early 2016, accusing the restaurant of using the far-cheaper tilapia in its supposed petrale sole dish. The DA's office found that Morgan Hill's Odeum restaurant did, in fact, make the substitution from Oct. 2014 to March 2016, and last week it reached a settlement with the restaurant, CBS San Francisco reports. California restaurants are prohibited from falsely advertising the food they serve, per health and safety codes. Petrale sole is a type of flounder; the Mercury News says it sells for two to three times the price of tilapia, a "bargain-basement fish." Odeum will pay $120,000 in civil penalties and restitution—all customers who ordered petrale sole during the time period in question will get $30 gift certificates, and any leftover restitution money will go to the county's Department of Environmental Health for training, education, and enforcement in its Consumer Protection Division. Munchies looked at Odeum's "fancy menu" and found the $32 dish described as "wild-caught petrale sole, lemon, capers, dill, saffron, parmesan risotto, and grilled asparagus." "Tilapia, on the other hand, is one of the cheapest and most widely farmed fish in the world," writes Nick Rose, noting that the year-plus it took for anyone to notice "suggests that diners ... couldn’t really tell the difference." The Mercury News describes Odeum as one of the county's top restaurants; it is owned by Salvatore Calisi. (This cheater was busted by an Internet sleuth.)
Original Summary: A high-end restaurant in the Bay Area was caught substituting tilapia for petrale sole in its dishes for over a year, violating California health and safety codes. The restaurant, Odeum, will pay $120,000 in penalties and restitution, including $30 gift certificates to customers and the remainder going to the county's consumer protection division.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– For a year and a half, customers at a high-end Bay Area restaurant were duped into thinking they were eating fancy fish when they were actually eating tilapia. A suspicious customer finally complained to the Santa Clara County District Attorney's office in early 2016, accusing the restaurant of using the far-cheaper tilapia in its supposed petrale sole dish. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The DA's office found that Morgan Hill's Odeum restaurant did, in fact, make the substitution from Oct. 2014 to March 2016, and last week it reached a settlement with the restaurant, CBS San Francisco reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. California restaurants are prohibited from falsely advertising the food they serve, per health and safety codes. Petrale sole is a type of flounder; the Mercury News says it sells for two to three times the price of tilapia, a "bargain-basement fish." Odeum will pay $120,000 in civil penalties and restitution—all customers who ordered petrale sole during the time period in question will get $30 gift certificates, and any leftover restitution money will go to the county's Department of Environmental Health for training, education, and enforcement in its Consumer Protection Division. Munchies looked at Odeum's "fancy menu" and found the $32 dish described as "wild-caught petrale sole, lemon, capers, dill, saffron, parmesan risotto, and grilled asparagus. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." "Tilapia, on the other hand, is one of the cheapest and most widely farmed fish in the world," writes Nick Rose, noting that the year-plus it took for anyone to notice "suggests that diners . couldn’t really tell the difference." The Mercury News describes Odeum as one of the county's top restaurants; it is owned by Salvatore Calisi. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. (This cheater was busted by an Internet sleuth.)
Injected Summary: A high-end restaurant in the Bay Area was caught substituting tilapia for petrale sole on their menu for over a year, violating California health and safety codes. The restaurant will pay $120,000 in penalties and restitution, including $30 gift certificates to customers and the remainder going to the county's consumer protection division.
Original Story: – Celebrities are just like us: They skip the MTV Video Music Awards so that they can serve jury duty the following morning. Well, OK, we don't know for sure that's why Taylor Swift was absent from Sunday night's VMAs in New York, but that's what Business Insider figures. We do know for sure that Swift showed up at a Nashville courtroom Monday morning to do her civic duty. She ended up being dismissed as a prospective juror in a case involving rape, because the judge didn't think she could be impartial, considering she currently has a pending civil case involving a DJ who allegedly fondled her backstage during a concert, TMZ reports. "She asked to be left off out of concern for an upcoming trial in Denver where she was—she used the term 'groped'—by a fan at a meet-and-greet," a Davidson County District Attorney General's Office spokesman tells the AP, adding that Swift told the judge she'd be happy to serve on any other case. As the AP notes, "Before Swift was dismissed from the jury pool on Monday, she took time to chat and take selfies with other potential jurors."
Original Summary: Taylor Swift was absent from the MTV Video Music Awards but showed up for jury duty the following morning in Nashville. She was dismissed as a prospective juror in a rape case due to concerns about her ability to be impartial, as she has a pending civil case involving a DJ who allegedly fondled her backstage during a concert.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Celebrities are just like us: They skip the MTV Video Music Awards so that they can serve jury duty the following morning. Well, OK, we don't know for sure that's why Taylor Swift was absent from Sunday night's VMAs in New York, but that's what Business Insider figures. We do know for sure that Swift showed up at a Nashville courtroom Monday morning to do her civic duty. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. She ended up being dismissed as a prospective juror in a case involving rape, because the judge didn't think she could be impartial, considering she currently has a pending civil case involving a DJ who allegedly fondled her backstage during a concert, TMZ reports. "She asked to be left off out of concern for an upcoming trial in Denver where she was—she used the term 'groped'—by a fan at a meet-and-greet," a Davidson County District Attorney General's Office spokesman tells the AP, adding that Swift told the judge she'd be happy to serve on any other case. As the AP notes, "Before Swift was dismissed from the jury pool on Monday, she took time to chat and take selfies with other potential jurors.". The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: Taylor Swift was absent from the MTV Video Music Awards but showed up for jury duty the next morning in Nashville. She was dismissed as a prospective juror in a rape case due to concerns about her ability to be impartial, despite her willingness to serve on any other case.
Original Story: – With India threatening to kick the BlackBerry out of the country if it couldn't spy on users' messages, Research In Motion has proposed, well, allowing India to spy on users' messages, CNET reports. India's ban is on hold for 60 days while it reviews RIM's proposals for giving it access—chief among the company's ideas is placing a BlackBerry server in India, an idea RM has also pitched to Saudi Arabia. RIM's problem is that the BlackBerry is too good at its job—its proprietary encryption is beyond the cryptopgraphic abilities of many governments. This gives concern both to open governments nervous that terrorists could use the devices to communicate securely and those with less noble reasons for eavesdropping on their citizens. RIM, for its part, has promised to meet "the lawful access needs of law enforcement agencies, while preserving the legitimate information security needs of corporations and other organizations in India."
Original Summary: India has threatened to ban BlackBerry if it can't access users' messages, but Research In Motion (RIM) has proposed allowing India to spy on messages by placing a server in the country. RIM has promised to meet lawful access needs of law enforcement agencies while preserving the information security needs of corporations and other organizations in India.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– With India threatening to kick the BlackBerry out of the country if it couldn't spy on users' messages, Research In Motion has proposed, well, allowing India to spy on users' messages, CNET reports. India's ban is on hold for 60 days while it reviews RIM's proposals for giving it access—chief among the company's ideas is placing a BlackBerry server in India, an idea RM has also pitched to Saudi Arabia. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. RIM's problem is that the BlackBerry is too good at its job—its proprietary encryption is beyond the cryptopgraphic abilities of many governments. This gives concern both to open governments nervous that terrorists could use the devices to communicate securely and those with less noble reasons for eavesdropping on their citizens. RIM, for its part, has promised to meet "the lawful access needs of law enforcement agencies, while preserving the legitimate information security needs of corporations and other organizations in India. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars."
Injected Summary: BlackBerry is facing a ban in India due to its strong encryption, which is beyond the capabilities of many governments. In response, Research In Motion (RIM) has proposed allowing India to spy on users' messages by placing a BlackBerry server in the country, an idea that has also been pitched to Saudi Arabia.
Original Story: – The search for a youth soccer team lost for three days in a cave in Thailand resumed Tuesday with a message of hope. "We are still optimistic they are all alive," Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwon said, adding, "even though they may not have anything to eat, they should have water to drink." It was a message fueled by the discovery of fresh handprints and footprints inside the Tham Luang Nang Non cave complex, which the 25-year-old team coach and 12 boys aged 11 to 16 are believed to have entered Saturday through a 50-foot-long tunnel crossed by a stream. With heavy rains, that stream has now become a wall of water, partially flooding caves and passageways, some of which extend nearly 4 miles underground in Chiang Rai province, per the BBC. "Our concern is about the rain. The water inside the cave keeps rising," deputy governor Passakorn Bunyalak tells the New York Times, though officials are pumping water out. Still, officials believe the team remains alive—though perhaps with depleted oxygen—inside the cave's main chamber. "The kids are athletes, and they have skills," says Bunyalak. "They will try to survive by continuing to move." Rescuers in scuba gear can be seen mingling with medical teams at the cave entrance, while outside, family members pray around makeshift shrines as they wait for news, and more water pumps. "When I saw his bike parked inside parked at the cave, my tears were just dropping. I was desperate to find my son," an impatient father tells CNN. "We need a miracle, I want him back."
Original Summary: A search for a youth soccer team lost in a cave in Thailand for three days resumed with a message of hope from the Deputy Prime Minister, who believes the team may still be alive despite the absence of food, as fresh handprints and footprints were discovered inside the cave. Officials are working to pump water out of the caves, but heavy rains have caused the water inside to rise, making it difficult to reach the team.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The search for a youth soccer team lost for three days in a cave in Thailand resumed Tuesday with a message of hope. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "We are still optimistic they are all alive," Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwon said, adding, "even though they may not have anything to eat, they should have water to drink." It was a message fueled by the discovery of fresh handprints and footprints inside the Tham Luang Nang Non cave complex, which the 25-year-old team coach and 12 boys aged 11 to 16 are believed to have entered Saturday through a 50-foot-long tunnel crossed by a stream. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. With heavy rains, that stream has now become a wall of water, partially flooding caves and passageways, some of which extend nearly 4 miles underground in Chiang Rai province, per the BBC. "Our concern is about the rain. The water inside the cave keeps rising," deputy governor Passakorn Bunyalak tells the New York Times, though officials are pumping water out. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Still, officials believe the team remains alive—though perhaps with depleted oxygen—inside the cave's main chamber. "The kids are athletes, and they have skills," says Bunyalak. "They will try to survive by continuing to move. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis." Rescuers in scuba gear can be seen mingling with medical teams at the cave entrance, while outside, family members pray around makeshift shrines as they wait for news, and more water pumps. "When I saw his bike parked inside parked at the cave, my tears were just dropping. I was desperate to find my son," an impatient father tells CNN. "We need a miracle, I want him back."
Injected Summary: A youth soccer team lost in a cave in Thailand for three days was found with fresh handprints and footprints, leading rescuers to believe they are still alive despite limited food and water. Officials are working to pump water out of the caves and are optimistic the team will survive, despite the challenging conditions.
Original Story: – The family of a former Eagle Scout is mourning his Tuesday death in Houston and warning others of an often-unseen danger in the floodwaters spurred by Harvey. Andrew Pasek, said to be in his mid-20s, was electrocuted in the Bear Creek subdivision after he and a friend braved water-filled streets to check on his sister's home and get to her cat, reports KPRC. His sister, Alyssa, says the two were pushing through knee-deep water when Pasek got too close to an electrical wire "that was still running hot." KTRK reports that wire was from a landscape lighting fixture, and that Pasek gripped the lamppost as he realized what was happening. "He told [his friend], 'I'm dying. Go away. Don't help me,'" Pasek's mother, Jodell, tells KPRC. "He didn't want him to get electrocuted, too." She notes, per WFAA, that nobody could safely get near her son to try to resuscitate him and that he was left in the water for about an hour, until officials could shut off the electricity to the subdivision. What makes Pasek's death doubly tragic for his family: His older brother died in a 1993 car crash. "I'm pulling my strength from the fact I've been through it once and I can get through it," his mom tells KPRC. She also says she wants to get the word out to others in the area to be extra-careful of the deadly mixture of electricity and water. "He cannot die in vain," she says. A GoFundMe campaign set up to help his family pay for his funeral expenses has raised nearly $40,000 in its first day.
Original Summary: Andrew Pasek, a former Eagle Scout, was electrocuted in Houston's Bear Creek subdivision while checking on his sister's home and rescuing her cat during the flooding caused by Hurricane Harvey. His family is warning others of the danger of electrocution in floodwaters after Pasek's sister revealed that he had gripped a lamppost as he realized he was being electrocuted and told his friend to leave him alone.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The family of a former Eagle Scout is mourning his Tuesday death in Houston and warning others of an often-unseen danger in the floodwaters spurred by Harvey. Andrew Pasek, said to be in his mid-20s, was electrocuted in the Bear Creek subdivision after he and a friend braved water-filled streets to check on his sister's home and get to her cat, reports KPRC. His sister, Alyssa, says the two were pushing through knee-deep water when Pasek got too close to an electrical wire "that was still running hot." KTRK reports that wire was from a landscape lighting fixture, and that Pasek gripped the lamppost as he realized what was happening. "He told [his friend], 'I'm dying. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Go away. Don't help me,'" Pasek's mother, Jodell, tells KPRC. "He didn't want him to get electrocuted, too. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." She notes, per WFAA, that nobody could safely get near her son to try to resuscitate him and that he was left in the water for about an hour, until officials could shut off the electricity to the subdivision. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. What makes Pasek's death doubly tragic for his family: His older brother died in a 1993 car crash. "I'm pulling my strength from the fact I've been through it once and I can get through it," his mom tells KPRC. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. She also says she wants to get the word out to others in the area to be extra-careful of the deadly mixture of electricity and water. "He cannot die in vain," she says. A GoFundMe campaign set up to help his family pay for his funeral expenses has raised nearly $40,000 in its first day.
Injected Summary: Andrew Pasek, a former Eagle Scout, was electrocuted in Houston while checking on his sister's home during the flooding caused by Hurricane Harvey. He was electrocuted by an exposed electrical wire in knee-deep water, and his death has highlighted the danger of electrical hazards in flooded areas.
Original Story: – British politicians, including the prime minister, are criticizing President Trump's decision to tweet anti-Muslim videos from the far-right Britain First nationalist group Wednesday, the Telegraph reports. "It is wrong for the president to have done this," a spokesperson for Theresa May says. The spokesperson accuses Britain First of using "hateful narratives which peddle lies and stoke tensions." Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn calls Trump's tweets "abhorrent, dangerous, and a threat to our society." And the New York Times quotes a Labour Party member of Parliament who accuses Trump of "promoting a fascist, racist, extremist hate group." A number of British politicians are calling on May to cancel Trump's state visit. The Washington Post looks into the history of the three unverified videos, which purport to show Muslims committing acts of violence against non-Muslims, tweeted by Trump. Two of the videos are at least four years old, none of the subjects have been proven to be Muslim, and the religion of the victims is undetermined. But Sarah Huckabee Sanders says that doesn't necessarily matter. “Whether it’s a real video, the threat is real and that is what the president is talking about," ABC News quotes the White House press secretary as saying. She says Trump's tweets were actually making a point about military spending and national security.
Original Summary: British politicians are criticizing President Trump's decision to tweet anti-Muslim videos from the far-right Britain First nationalist group, with some calling for the cancellation of his state visit to the UK. The videos in question have been deemed unverified and their subjects have not been proven to be Muslim, but Trump and his administration are arguing that the threat is real and relevant to military spending and national security.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– British politicians, including the prime minister, are criticizing President Trump's decision to tweet anti-Muslim videos from the far-right Britain First nationalist group Wednesday, the Telegraph reports. "It is wrong for the president to have done this," a spokesperson for Theresa May says. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The spokesperson accuses Britain First of using "hateful narratives which peddle lies and stoke tensions." Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn calls Trump's tweets "abhorrent, dangerous, and a threat to our society. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." And the New York Times quotes a Labour Party member of Parliament who accuses Trump of "promoting a fascist, racist, extremist hate group. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." A number of British politicians are calling on May to cancel Trump's state visit. The Washington Post looks into the history of the three unverified videos, which purport to show Muslims committing acts of violence against non-Muslims, tweeted by Trump. Two of the videos are at least four years old, none of the subjects have been proven to be Muslim, and the religion of the victims is undetermined. But Sarah Huckabee Sanders says that doesn't necessarily matter. “Whether it’s a real video, the threat is real and that is what the president is talking about," ABC News quotes the White House press secretary as saying. She says Trump's tweets were actually making a point about military spending and national security.
Injected Summary: British politicians are criticizing President Trump's decision to tweet anti-Muslim videos from the far-right Britain First nationalist group, with some calling for the cancellation of his state visit to the UK. The videos in question have been deemed unverified and their subjects have not been proven to be Muslim, but Trump's supporters argue that the threat is real and relevant to military spending and national security.
Original Story: – Just a week after 15-year-old Ruby Rubio got an iPhone and promised her mother she'd treat the prized possession with care, a mugger snatched it from the girl while she was walking her 7-year-old sister home from school. The teen from Santa Ana, Calif., gave chase and managed to jump on top of the trunk of the getaway car, a gray or silver Pontiac that had been waiting nearby, and hold on to the antenna, reports KCAL9. But when the car swerved she was thrown off and hit her head. She suffered severe head trauma and died at the hospital two days later, on Saturday. Though police have yet to find the mugger, described as a 5-foot 10-inch Hispanic man in his early 20s to early 30s, the phone was recovered nearby; police think it was tossed from the car, NBC Los Angeles reports. What may have been Ruby's last word: "mom." Says her mother, "She only opened her eyes, looked at me for like five seconds and said 'mom' and that was the last word I heard from her." She says her daughter earned the phone by doing well in school, and that Ruby may have worried her mom would be mad about the stolen phone since she'd broken two other phones already, reports the New York Daily News. The teen is far from the first to die while trying to retrieve a cell phone: examples here, here, and here.
Original Summary: 15-year-old Ruby Rubio was mugged and thrown off a car after chasing the thief who stole her new iPhone. Despite her mother's warnings about breaking previous phones, Ruby had promised to take good care of the prized possession, but she died two days later from severe head trauma after being thrown from the car.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Just a week after 15-year-old Ruby Rubio got an iPhone and promised her mother she'd treat the prized possession with care, a mugger snatched it from the girl while she was walking her 7-year-old sister home from school. The teen from Santa Ana, Calif., gave chase and managed to jump on top of the trunk of the getaway car, a gray or silver Pontiac that had been waiting nearby, and hold on to the antenna, reports KCAL9. But when the car swerved she was thrown off and hit her head. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. She suffered severe head trauma and died at the hospital two days later, on Saturday. Though police have yet to find the mugger, described as a 5-foot 10-inch Hispanic man in his early 20s to early 30s, the phone was recovered nearby; police think it was tossed from the car, NBC Los Angeles reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. What may have been Ruby's last word: "mom." Says her mother, "She only opened her eyes, looked at me for like five seconds and said 'mom' and that was the last word I heard from her." She says her daughter earned the phone by doing well in school, and that Ruby may have worried her mom would be mad about the stolen phone since she'd broken two other phones already, reports the New York Daily News. The teen is far from the first to die while trying to retrieve a cell phone: examples here, here, and here. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: A 15-year-old girl named Ruby Rubio chased down a mugger who stole her new iPhone, but was thrown off the car and hit her head, resulting in her death two days later. Despite the efforts of police, the mugger remains at large, but the phone was recovered nearby.
Original Story: – Pope Francis is turning a big old cheek to recent charges from conservatives including Rush Limbaugh that he's a Marxist on account of his views that unlimited capitalism is a "new tyranny" because it shortchanges the poor. In a broad interview with La Stampa, Time's newest Person of the Year said that while "Marxist ideology is wrong," he himself has "met many Marxists in my life who are good people, so I don’t feel offended" by the comparison. As for his take on an economy that "kills," Francis says that rather than Marxism, "There is nothing in the Exhortation that cannot be found in the social Doctrine of the Church." Mediaite has more on Limbaugh et al. Other highlights from Francis' interview: On 'trickle-down theories' of economics: They "assume that economic growth, encouraged by a free market, will inevitably succeed in bringing about greater justice and social inclusiveness in the world. The promise was that when the glass was full, it would overflow, benefiting the poor. But what happens instead, is that when the glass is full, it magically gets bigger, (and) nothing ever comes out for the poor." On an embarrassed mother holding a hungry, crying child: "I said to her: madam, I think the child’s hungry. 'Yes, it’s probably time,' she replied. 'Please give it something to eat!' I said. She was shy and didn’t want to breastfeed in public, while the pope was passing. I wish to say the same to humanity: give people something to eat! That woman had milk to give to her child; we have enough food in the world to feed everyone."
Original Summary: Pope Francis rejects charges from conservatives, including Rush Limbaugh, that he is a Marxist, saying he has met many Marxists who are good people and that his views on unlimited capitalism being a "new tyranny" are not necessarily aligned with Marxist ideology. He also emphasizes that his views on an economy that "kills" are not new and can be found in the social doctrine of the Church, rather than Marxism.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Pope Francis is turning a big old cheek to recent charges from conservatives including Rush Limbaugh that he's a Marxist on account of his views that unlimited capitalism is a "new tyranny" because it shortchanges the poor. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. In a broad interview with La Stampa, Time's newest Person of the Year said that while "Marxist ideology is wrong," he himself has "met many Marxists in my life who are good people, so I don’t feel offended" by the comparison. As for his take on an economy that "kills," Francis says that rather than Marxism, "There is nothing in the Exhortation that cannot be found in the social Doctrine of the Church." Mediaite has more on Limbaugh et al. Other highlights from Francis' interview: On 'trickle-down theories' of economics: They "assume that economic growth, encouraged by a free market, will inevitably succeed in bringing about greater justice and social inclusiveness in the world. The promise was that when the glass was full, it would overflow, benefiting the poor. But what happens instead, is that when the glass is full, it magically gets bigger, (and) nothing ever comes out for the poor. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." On an embarrassed mother holding a hungry, crying child: "I said to her: madam, I think the child’s hungry. 'Yes, it’s probably time,' she replied. 'Please give it something to eat!. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.' I said. She was shy and didn’t want to breastfeed in public, while the pope was passing. I wish to say the same to humanity: give people something to eat. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.! That woman had milk to give to her child; we have enough food in the world to feed everyone."
Injected Summary: Pope Francis rejected claims by conservatives, including Rush Limbaugh, that he is a Marxist, stating that while Marxist ideology is wrong, he has met many good Marxists in his life. He also criticized unlimited capitalism, arguing that it shortchanges the poor and leads to an economy that "kills."
Original Story: – Kate Middleton is in labor in London's St. Mary's Hospital, the royal family says. She's in the "early stages," the BBC reports, in what CNN notes is the hospital where William and Harry were born. Details are few, and there won't likely be more information until the baby is born, says a BBC correspondent. Still, the media is grasping at straws in an effort to report something. Our roundup of the best of the minute details: Though the media has set up camp outside the hospital, the Guardian reminds us that the eventual news of the birth will come via ... easel. A royal aide will cart a doctor-signed medical bulletin from the hospital to Buckingham Palace once the blessed event has taken place; there, it will be placed on an easel. What the document will list: the baby's sex and weight. What it may not: the name. Prince William is by Kate's side, confirms E! Also there: Queen Elizabeth's gynecologist, who essentially rearranged his life to be present. The Washington Post reports that Dr. Marcus Setchell both delayed his retirement and gave up booze in order to prepare for the birth, which palace officials say will be a natural one. Is Pippa involved? Of course! (Reportedly.) E! claims both Pippa and mom Carole will be in the delivery room. Too excited that #royalbabyday is finally here? Follow the Guardian's live blog, which is pondering such weighty topics as whether last night's "almost full moon" had anything to do with Kate's current state.
Original Summary: Kate Middleton is in labor at London's St. Mary's Hospital, where Prince William and Prince Harry were born, according to the royal family. The media is camped outside the hospital, but the eventual news of the birth will come via an easel at Buckingham Palace, where a royal aide will deliver a doctor-signed medical bulletin with the baby's sex and weight, but not the name.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Kate Middleton is in labor in London's St. Mary's Hospital, the royal family says. She's in the "early stages," the BBC reports, in what CNN notes is the hospital where William and Harry were born. Details are few, and there won't likely be more information until the baby is born, says a BBC correspondent. Still, the media is grasping at straws in an effort to report something. Our roundup of the best of the minute details: Though the media has set up camp outside the hospital, the Guardian reminds us that the eventual news of the birth will come via . easel. A royal aide will cart a doctor-signed medical bulletin from the hospital to Buckingham Palace once the blessed event has taken place; there, it will be placed on an easel. What the document will list: the baby's sex and weight. What it may not: the name. Prince William is by Kate's side, confirms E! Also there: Queen Elizabeth's gynecologist, who essentially rearranged his life to be present. The Washington Post reports that Dr. Marcus Setchell both delayed his retirement and gave up booze in order to prepare for the birth, which palace officials say will be a natural one. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Is Pippa involved? Of course!. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. (Reportedly.) E! claims both Pippa and mom Carole will be in the delivery room. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Too excited that #royalbabyday is finally here? Follow the Guardian's live blog, which is pondering such weighty topics as whether last night's "almost full moon" had anything to do with Kate's current state. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Kate Middleton is in labor at London's St. Mary's Hospital, where Prince William and Prince Harry were born, according to the BBC. The royal family has released few details, but the media is speculating about the birth, including whether Pippa Middleton and Carole Middleton will be in the delivery room.
Original Story: – "I gave that newscast every single shred of hope and love I had for Jacob," KARE's Jana Shortal writes on Facebook. "You made it about my pants." Shortal reported on the final moments of 11-year-old kidnapping and sexual abuse victim Jacob Wetterling's life on Tuesday. The next day, the Star Tribune ran a piece by gossip columnist CJ (she doesn't use her real name) titled "Shortal flubbed fashion statement during Wetterling report." According to City Pages, CJ took issue with Shortal's "skinny jeans." "I was among a number of media types who found them inappropriate," City Pages quotes the now-deleted column as saying. "I would think that hipness wouldn’t be a priority while covering one of the biggest, saddest stories in Minnesota history." While CJ called Shortal's outfit "unseemly" and "perhaps disrespectful," many more people thought those words better described CJ's column. Minnesota Public Radio called the column "indecent" and "cruel." Jezebel says Shortal was "chastised for the clothing she chose to wear while doing her goddamn job." And City Pages accuses CJ of "judging (and shaming) a woman in the spotlight simply for how she dressed." The Star Tribune itself, in a tweet apologizing to Shortal and readers, calls the column "inappropriate" and "insensitive." In her Facebook response to CJ, Shortal writes she was focusing on Jacob and wearing what she always wears, but "you wrote about clothes in the darkest moment of Minnesota news history." (Female television hosts told to lose weight or lose their jobs.)
Original Summary: KARE's Jana Shortal was criticized by a gossip columnist for wearing "skinny jeans" during a newscast about the kidnapping and sexual abuse of 11-year-old Jacob Wetterling, with some finding the criticism inappropriate and insensitive given the seriousness of the story. The column was widely condemned, with many calling it "indecent," "cruel," and "judging a woman in the spotlight simply for how she dressed."
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– "I gave that newscast every single shred of hope and love I had for Jacob," KARE's Jana Shortal writes on Facebook. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "You made it about my pants." Shortal reported on the final moments of 11-year-old kidnapping and sexual abuse victim Jacob Wetterling's life on Tuesday. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The next day, the Star Tribune ran a piece by gossip columnist CJ (she doesn't use her real name) titled "Shortal flubbed fashion statement during Wetterling report." According to City Pages, CJ took issue with Shortal's "skinny jeans. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." "I was among a number of media types who found them inappropriate," City Pages quotes the now-deleted column as saying. "I would think that hipness wouldn’t be a priority while covering one of the biggest, saddest stories in Minnesota history." While CJ called Shortal's outfit "unseemly" and "perhaps disrespectful," many more people thought those words better described CJ's column. Minnesota Public Radio called the column "indecent" and "cruel." Jezebel says Shortal was "chastised for the clothing she chose to wear while doing her goddamn job." And City Pages accuses CJ of "judging (and shaming) a woman in the spotlight simply for how she dressed." The Star Tribune itself, in a tweet apologizing to Shortal and readers, calls the column "inappropriate" and "insensitive." In her Facebook response to CJ, Shortal writes she was focusing on Jacob and wearing what she always wears, but "you wrote about clothes in the darkest moment of Minnesota news history. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis." (Female television hosts told to lose weight or lose their jobs.)
Injected Summary: KARE's Jana Shortal was criticized for her clothing during a newscast about the kidnapping and sexual abuse of 11-year-old Jacob Wetterling, with some calling her outfit "inappropriate" and "disrespectful." Shortal responded by stating that she was focused on the story and wore what she always wears, while others defended her and called out the criticism as insensitive and inappropriate.
Original Story: – Donald Trump is usually the one dishing out insults on Twitter. Not on Tuesday. The business mogul found himself the latest to be burned by JK Rowling after proposing a "total and complete shutdown" of Muslims entering the US, reports Entertainment Weekly. Twitter users quickly began comparing Trump to Harry Potter villain Lord Voldemort, reports the BBC, but Rowling was having none of it. "How horrible," she tweeted. "Voldemort was nowhere near as bad." Her comment was retweeted more than 50,000 times within hours and racked up almost as many likes. (By the way, you've been saying "Voldemort" incorrectly for years.)
Original Summary: Donald Trump faced backlash on Twitter after proposing a "total and complete shutdown" of Muslims entering the US, with users comparing him to Harry Potter villain Lord Voldemort. JK Rowling responded by calling the comparison "horrible" and correcting the pronunciation of Voldemort's name.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Donald Trump is usually the one dishing out insults on Twitter. Not on Tuesday. The business mogul found himself the latest to be burned by JK Rowling after proposing a "total and complete shutdown" of Muslims entering the US, reports Entertainment Weekly. Twitter users quickly began comparing Trump to Harry Potter villain Lord Voldemort, reports the BBC, but Rowling was having none of it. "How horrible," she tweeted. "Voldemort was nowhere near as bad." Her comment was retweeted more than 50,000 times within hours and racked up almost as many likes. (By the way, you've been saying "Voldemort" incorrectly for years.). Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.
Injected Summary: Donald Trump faced backlash on Twitter after proposing a "total and complete shutdown" of Muslims entering the US, with users comparing him to Harry Potter villain Lord Voldemort. JK Rowling responded by stating that Voldemort was not as bad as Trump.
Original Story: – An Emmy-winning writer for AMC's Mad Men once thought her award would solidify a successful career path, but she was let go from the show a year later—and she's now accusing show creator Matthew Weiner of sexual harassment, the Hollywood Reporter reports. Kater Gordon, who started as Weiner's personal assistant in 2007 before becoming a writers' assistant, tells The Information she was working late one night with Weiner co-writing the show's season finale, an episode that won them both an Emmy in 2009. She says during their session, Weiner remarked she owed it to him to let him see her naked, a comment she just let fade before continuing to work on the script with him. But the months that followed left her feeling "threatened and devalued," though she didn't report the incident because she says she wanted the writing credit for that episode to help get her another job. "I saw no value to speaking out," she says. "So I did what I thought women were supposed to do." She says she "lost respect" for Weiner, and a longtime writer on the show tells The Information "I could see her confidence was shaken" after the incident. Just weeks after her Emmy win, Weiner let Gordon go, rattling off a list of ways she'd "fallen short" on the job, she says. In a statement from his rep, Weiner says he spent "eight to 10 hours a day" holed up working with Gordon, but he notes he doesn't remember making that remark and insists he had "a predominantly female driven writers room [and] has long believed in and implemented an egalitarian working environment." Gordon fell out of Hollywood after that and went on instead to found Modern Alliance, a nonprofit for sexual harassment victims. She says she was "inspired" to speak out after hearing Harvey Weinstein stories.
Original Summary: Kater Gordon, an Emmy-winning writer for AMC's Mad Men, has accused show creator Matthew Weiner of sexual harassment. Gordon, who worked as Weiner's personal assistant in 2007, alleges that Weiner made a comment about seeing her naked during a late-night writing session, which she dismissed at the time. Despite winning an Emmy for her work on the show, Gordon was let go just weeks later, with Weiner citing various reasons for her dismissal.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– An Emmy-winning writer for AMC's Mad Men once thought her award would solidify a successful career path, but she was let go from the show a year later—and she's now accusing show creator Matthew Weiner of sexual harassment, the Hollywood Reporter reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Kater Gordon, who started as Weiner's personal assistant in 2007 before becoming a writers' assistant, tells The Information she was working late one night with Weiner co-writing the show's season finale, an episode that won them both an Emmy in 2009. She says during their session, Weiner remarked she owed it to him to let him see her naked, a comment she just let fade before continuing to work on the script with him. But the months that followed left her feeling "threatened and devalued," though she didn't report the incident because she says she wanted the writing credit for that episode to help get her another job. "I saw no value to speaking out," she says. "So I did what I thought women were supposed to do." She says she "lost respect" for Weiner, and a longtime writer on the show tells The Information "I could see her confidence was shaken" after the incident. Just weeks after her Emmy win, Weiner let Gordon go, rattling off a list of ways she'd "fallen short" on the job, she says. In a statement from his rep, Weiner says he spent "eight to 10 hours a day" holed up working with Gordon, but he notes he doesn't remember making that remark and insists he had "a predominantly female driven writers room [and] has long believed in and implemented an egalitarian working environment." Gordon fell out of Hollywood after that and went on instead to found Modern Alliance, a nonprofit for sexual harassment victims. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. She says she was "inspired" to speak out after hearing Harvey Weinstein stories. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Kater Gordon, a former writer for AMC's Mad Men, has accused show creator Matthew Weiner of sexual harassment after he made a comment about seeing her naked during a late-night writing session. Despite winning an Emmy for her work on the show, Gordon was let go just weeks later and has since fallen out of Hollywood, founding a nonprofit for sexual harassment victims.
Original Story: – Gretchen Carlson only filed a sexual harassment lawsuit because her contract wasn't renewed, according to the man she accuses of sexual harassment. The "allegations are false," Fox chairman Roger Ailes said in a statement Wednesday. "This is a retaliatory suit for the network’s decision not to renew her contract, which was due to the fact that her disappointingly low ratings were dragging down the afternoon lineup." Ailes said Fox "provided her with more on-air opportunities over her 11 year tenure than any other employer in the industry, for which she thanked me in her recent book." He added: "This defamatory lawsuit is not only offensive, it is wholly without merit and will be defended vigorously." Fox said in a statement that while it has full faith in Ailes and Fox host Steve Doocy, whom Carlson also accuses of sexist behavior, "we have commenced an internal review of the matter." Carlson's attorney Nancy Erika Smith rejects Ailes' accusation that Carlson "conveniently began to pursue a lawsuit" when she suspected her Fox career was over. The lawsuit "didn't begin with her termination," Smith tells CNN, adding that Ailes' harassment of her client was "very consistent and very pervasive." A spokesman for Smith's law firm says that since Carlson's lawsuit was announced, no fewer than 10 other women have come forward wanting to speak about Ailes' behavior. Mediaite notes that Fox's Howard Kurtz filed a report on the lawsuit, which listed several occasions when Carlson had praised Ailes.
Original Summary: Gretchen Carlson filed a sexual harassment lawsuit against Fox News Chairman Roger Ailes after her contract was not renewed, despite Ailes' claim that the allegations are false and retaliatory. Carlson's attorney rejects Ailes' assertion that the lawsuit was motivated by the end of her contract, stating that the harassment was "very consistent and very pervasive" and that at least 10 other women have come forward with similar complaints.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Gretchen Carlson only filed a sexual harassment lawsuit because her contract wasn't renewed, according to the man she accuses of sexual harassment. The "allegations are false," Fox chairman Roger Ailes said in a statement Wednesday. "This is a retaliatory suit for the network’s decision not to renew her contract, which was due to the fact that her disappointingly low ratings were dragging down the afternoon lineup." Ailes said Fox "provided her with more on-air opportunities over her 11 year tenure than any other employer in the industry, for which she thanked me in her recent book." He added: "This defamatory lawsuit is not only offensive, it is wholly without merit and will be defended vigorously." Fox said in a statement that while it has full faith in Ailes and Fox host Steve Doocy, whom Carlson also accuses of sexist behavior, "we have commenced an internal review of the matter." Carlson's attorney Nancy Erika Smith rejects Ailes' accusation that Carlson "conveniently began to pursue a lawsuit" when she suspected her Fox career was over. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The lawsuit "didn't begin with her termination," Smith tells CNN, adding that Ailes' harassment of her client was "very consistent and very pervasive. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." A spokesman for Smith's law firm says that since Carlson's lawsuit was announced, no fewer than 10 other women have come forward wanting to speak about Ailes' behavior. Mediaite notes that Fox's Howard Kurtz filed a report on the lawsuit, which listed several occasions when Carlson had praised Ailes. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Gretchen Carlson filed a sexual harassment lawsuit against Fox News chairman Roger Ailes, alleging that he sexually harassed her during her 11-year tenure at the network. Ailes denied the allegations, calling them "false" and "retaliatory," and claimed that Carlson's contract was not renewed due to low ratings.
Original Story: – “A quarter of a century later, you’re still my best friend & the most extraordinary man I know," Michelle Obama posted on Instagram along with a photo of her and Barack at their Oct. 3, 1992 wedding. People reports the Obamas celebrated their silver wedding anniversary and first since leaving the White House on Tuesday. Barack responded to Michelle's post by "crashing" the Pennsylvania Conference for Women, where Michelle was speaking to Shonda Rhimes. "Not only have you been an extraordinary partner, not only have you been a great friend, somebody who could always make me laugh, somebody who would always make sure that I was following what I thought was right, but you have also been an example to our daughters and to the entire country," People quotes Barack as saying in a video message that played at the conference. A teary-eyed Michelle joked to the crowd: "I better get home."
Original Summary: Michelle Obama posted on Instagram a photo of her and Barack at their wedding on October 3, 1992, marking their 25th wedding anniversary. Barack responded to Michelle's post by sending a video message to the Pennsylvania Conference for Women, where Michelle was speaking, expressing his admiration for her as a partner, friend, and role model.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– “A quarter of a century later, you’re still my best friend & the most extraordinary man I know," Michelle Obama posted on Instagram along with a photo of her and Barack at their Oct. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. 3, 1992 wedding. People reports the Obamas celebrated their silver wedding anniversary and first since leaving the White House on Tuesday. Barack responded to Michelle's post by "crashing" the Pennsylvania Conference for Women, where Michelle was speaking to Shonda Rhimes. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "Not only have you been an extraordinary partner, not only have you been a great friend, somebody who could always make me laugh, somebody who would always make sure that I was following what I thought was right, but you have also been an example to our daughters and to the entire country," People quotes Barack as saying in a video message that played at the conference. A teary-eyed Michelle joked to the crowd: "I better get home."
Injected Summary: Barack and Michelle Obama celebrated their 25th wedding anniversary with a heartfelt post on Instagram, with Barack surprising Michelle at a conference where she was speaking. In a video message, Barack expressed his gratitude for Michelle's support and called her an example to their daughters and the country, while Michelle joked about getting home.
Original Story: – A member of Canada's parliament got caught with his pants down yesterday. As the House of Commons voted on a procedural motion, Pat Martin voted, then dashed out of the chamber unexpectedly before returning a short while later. When a Conservative Party MP suggested he should forfeit his vote—MPs aren't to leave the chamber during a vote—the New Democratic Party member gave this response: "They had men's underwear on for half price and I bought a bunch that was clearly too small for me. I find it difficult to sit for any length of time." Cheers and laughter ensued, and his vote was allowed to stand. Martin later told CBC News it was a joke and that he actually left his seat to talk to the House Speaker. But since "some Conservative MP got his knickers in a knot, I think, about the fact that I stepped away from my chair for a couple of seconds ... I believe that his point of order was tongue in cheek and it warranted a cheeky response." More cheeky responses are spreading on Twitter, like this one: "Well, I guess he is not the only MP who needed to be debriefed before an important vote in Parliament." The Toronto Star notes Martin himself had nothing to say on Twitter: He stopped tweeting in 2012 after calling Conservative MPs "rat faced whores."
Original Summary: A Canadian parliamentarian, Pat Martin, was caught leaving the chamber during a vote and was accused of forfeiting his vote. Martin responded with a joke about buying underwear on sale and later clarified that he left to speak with the House Speaker, sparking cheeky responses on Twitter.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A member of Canada's parliament got caught with his pants down yesterday. As the House of Commons voted on a procedural motion, Pat Martin voted, then dashed out of the chamber unexpectedly before returning a short while later. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. When a Conservative Party MP suggested he should forfeit his vote—MPs aren't to leave the chamber during a vote—the New Democratic Party member gave this response: "They had men's underwear on for half price and I bought a bunch that was clearly too small for me. I find it difficult to sit for any length of time." Cheers and laughter ensued, and his vote was allowed to stand. Martin later told CBC News it was a joke and that he actually left his seat to talk to the House Speaker. But since "some Conservative MP got his knickers in a knot, I think, about the fact that I stepped away from my chair for a couple of seconds . I believe that his point of order was tongue in cheek and it warranted a cheeky response." More cheeky responses are spreading on Twitter, like this one: "Well, I guess he is not the only MP who needed to be debriefed before an important vote in Parliament. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." The Toronto Star notes Martin himself had nothing to say on Twitter: He stopped tweeting in 2012 after calling Conservative MPs "rat faced whores. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators."
Injected Summary: A Canadian parliamentarian, Pat Martin, was caught leaving the chamber during a vote and returned with a cheeky response, joking about buying underwear that was too small. The incident sparked laughter and his vote was allowed to stand.
Original Story: – Jeffrey Daday apparently liked to dip his hand into the cash register. Or more specifically, into parking meters. The New York man worked as a parking enforcement officer for five years in the village of Mount Kisco and stole $89,000 in coins over that time, police tell the Journal News. Count that out: That's 356,000 quarters, 890,000 dimes, or 1.78 million nickels—enough for eight months of parking. Police say Daday, 36, admitted to the theft, which was carried out between January 2009 and May 2014, after officers confronted him as he was leaving a bank. A police surveillance team began monitoring Daday after local council officials realized a good chunk of change had disappeared, the Daily Mail reports. Authorities say they spotted the enforcement officer heading directly to People's United Bank to make a deposit, rather than to the local council office, after emptying the meters. He has since pleaded guilty to grand larceny and offering a false instrument for filing and could see up to 15 years behind bars. (A New Jersey official stole $460,000 in quarters but only has to pay back half.)
Original Summary: Jeffrey Daday, a parking enforcement officer in Mount Kisco, New York, stole $89,000 in coins from parking meters over five years by dipping his hand into the cash register. He admitted to the theft and could face up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty to grand larceny and offering a false instrument for filing.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Jeffrey Daday apparently liked to dip his hand into the cash register. Or more specifically, into parking meters. The New York man worked as a parking enforcement officer for five years in the village of Mount Kisco and stole $89,000 in coins over that time, police tell the Journal News. Count that out: That's 356,000 quarters, 890,000 dimes, or 1.78 million nickels—enough for eight months of parking. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Police say Daday, 36, admitted to the theft, which was carried out between January 2009 and May 2014, after officers confronted him as he was leaving a bank. A police surveillance team began monitoring Daday after local council officials realized a good chunk of change had disappeared, the Daily Mail reports. Authorities say they spotted the enforcement officer heading directly to People's United Bank to make a deposit, rather than to the local council office, after emptying the meters. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. He has since pleaded guilty to grand larceny and offering a false instrument for filing and could see up to 15 years behind bars. (A New Jersey official stole $460,000 in quarters but only has to pay back half.)
Injected Summary: Jeffrey Daday, a parking enforcement officer in Mount Kisco, New York, stole $89,000 in coins from parking meters over five years, equivalent to eight months of parking fees. He admitted to the theft and could face up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty to grand larceny and offering a false instrument for filing.
Original Story: – A coalition aircraft strike killed five American Special Ops troops and at least one Afghan soldier last night, US and Afghan officials tell the New York Times. The war in Afghanistan has seen more than a dozen instances of friendly-fire killings, but this was among the deadliest, the paper notes. When Taliban fighters ambushed the troops, they sought backup from the air. But the aircraft accidentally hit the coalition position in Zabul province. A NATO statement on the incident noted that "tragically, there is the possibility that fratricide may have been involved," CNN reports, adding that fratricide, in military terms, refers to friendly fire. "There were no Taliban casualties from the airstrike, but we had killed many of them during the day’s operation," an Afghan police chief tells the Washington Post. The US is investigating the incident, military officials tell the Post. The troops were involved in security ahead of Saturday's presidential runoff.
Original Summary: A coalition aircraft strike in Afghanistan killed 5 American Special Ops troops and at least one Afghan soldier, with the incident being one of the deadliest instances of friendly-fire in the war. The strike occurred when Taliban fighters ambushed the troops and they sought backup from the air, but the aircraft accidentally hit the coalition position, with the possibility of fratricide involved.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A coalition aircraft strike killed five American Special Ops troops and at least one Afghan soldier last night, US and Afghan officials tell the New York Times. The war in Afghanistan has seen more than a dozen instances of friendly-fire killings, but this was among the deadliest, the paper notes. When Taliban fighters ambushed the troops, they sought backup from the air. But the aircraft accidentally hit the coalition position in Zabul province. A NATO statement on the incident noted that "tragically, there is the possibility that fratricide may have been involved," CNN reports, adding that fratricide, in military terms, refers to friendly fire. "There were no Taliban casualties from the airstrike, but we had killed many of them during the day’s operation," an Afghan police chief tells the Washington Post. The US is investigating the incident, military officials tell the Post. The troops were involved in security ahead of Saturday's presidential runoff. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: A US-led coalition airstrike in Afghanistan killed five American Special Ops troops and an Afghan soldier, with the incident being described as one of the deadliest instances of friendly-fire in the war. The airstrike occurred after Taliban fighters ambushed the troops, and while there were no Taliban casualties, the coalition position was accidentally hit, with the possibility of fratricide involved.
Original Story: – The Kentucky county clerk who refused to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples has been released from jail, reports Reuters, which is streaming live video of Kim Davis being greeted by supporters including Mike Huckabee outside the jail. The AP reports that a judge lifted the contempt of court order today, but ordered Davis not to interfere with marriage licensing in Rowan County. She had been jailed since Thursday on the contempt charge. Click for the latest.
Original Summary: Kim Davis, the Kentucky county clerk who refused to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples, was released from jail after a judge lifted her contempt of court order. However, the judge ordered Davis not to interfere with marriage licensing in Rowan County.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Kentucky county clerk who refused to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples has been released from jail, reports Reuters, which is streaming live video of Kim Davis being greeted by supporters including Mike Huckabee outside the jail. The AP reports that a judge lifted the contempt of court order today, but ordered Davis not to interfere with marriage licensing in Rowan County. She had been jailed since Thursday on the contempt charge. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Click for the latest.
Injected Summary: Kim Davis, the Kentucky county clerk who refused to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples, was released from jail after a judge lifted her contempt of court order. However, the judge ordered her not to interfere with marriage licensing in Rowan County.
Original Story: – A one-legged homeless man in Portland was left to drag himself out of jail over the weekend because his wheelchair had been moved to an off-site storage facility after he was picked up on a drinking citation. "Scottie" Hamilton, a 37-year-old Iraq veteran who lost his leg in a motorbike accident, has been arrested some 10 times this year. Police usually return his wheelchair on release after taking away his loaner and they are investigating what went wrong this time, ABC News reports. "It was over the top, beyond being disrespectful or inconsiderate. It was negligence," said his girlfriend, adding that Hamilton has arthritis and his hands were left swollen and purple after he used them to push himself along on his butt to leave jail. Police who tried to return Hamilton's wheelchair to him yesterday arrived just as other officers were arresting him for failing to appear in court for an earlier drinking citation, the Oregonian reports. Police and a state lawmaker who was outraged to hear about the case are working to help Hamilton access social services.
Original Summary: A one-legged homeless man in Portland, Scottie Hamilton, was left to drag himself out of jail after his wheelchair was moved to an off-site storage facility following his arrest for a drinking citation. Despite his girlfriend's requests for his wheelchair to be returned, police failed to do so, leading to Hamilton's further distress and discomfort.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A one-legged homeless man in Portland was left to drag himself out of jail over the weekend because his wheelchair had been moved to an off-site storage facility after he was picked up on a drinking citation. "Scottie" Hamilton, a 37-year-old Iraq veteran who lost his leg in a motorbike accident, has been arrested some 10 times this year. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Police usually return his wheelchair on release after taking away his loaner and they are investigating what went wrong this time, ABC News reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "It was over the top, beyond being disrespectful or inconsiderate. It was negligence," said his girlfriend, adding that Hamilton has arthritis and his hands were left swollen and purple after he used them to push himself along on his butt to leave jail. Police who tried to return Hamilton's wheelchair to him yesterday arrived just as other officers were arresting him for failing to appear in court for an earlier drinking citation, the Oregonian reports. Police and a state lawmaker who was outraged to hear about the case are working to help Hamilton access social services.
Injected Summary: A one-legged homeless man in Portland, Scottie Hamilton, was left to drag himself out of jail after his wheelchair was moved to an off-site storage facility following his arrest for a drinking citation. Despite his arthritis and previous arrests, Hamilton was left without his wheelchair and was instead forced to push himself along on his buttocks, causing swelling and purple hands.
Original Story: – Casey Affleck was quick to fire back at the woman who filed a sexual harassment lawsuit against him Friday. “The allegations brought upon our clients are preposterous and without merit,” his lawyer says, adding that Affleck will file cross-claims. Amanda White’s $2 million suit alleges all sorts of crazy behavior on the set of I’m Still Here (the documentary—or mockumentary?—Affleck is making about Joaquin Phoenix), Reuters reports. Among the more salacious accusations in White’s suit: Affleck refused to pay her after she wouldn’t spend the night with him; he once told a crew member to show White his penis; and he often referred to women as “cows” and talked about his “sexual exploits.” But White was fired more than a year ago, Affleck’s lawyer says, adding that the lawsuit is simply an attempt to get “producers to succumb to her outrageous and baseless demands.” Click here to read one director’s thoughts on Affleck’s documentary.
Original Summary: Casey Affleck's lawyer has responded to a sexual harassment lawsuit filed by Amanda White, denying the allegations and stating that Affleck will file cross-claims. White's lawsuit alleges various inappropriate behaviors on the set of Affleck's documentary "I'm Still Here," including refusing to pay her after she refused to spend the night with him, making lewd comments, and referring to women as "cows."
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Casey Affleck was quick to fire back at the woman who filed a sexual harassment lawsuit against him Friday. “The allegations brought upon our clients are preposterous and without merit,” his lawyer says, adding that Affleck will file cross-claims. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Amanda White’s $2 million suit alleges all sorts of crazy behavior on the set of I’m Still Here (the documentary—or mockumentary. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.?—Affleck is making about Joaquin Phoenix), Reuters reports. Among the more salacious accusations in White’s suit: Affleck refused to pay her after she wouldn’t spend the night with him; he once told a crew member to show White his penis; and he often referred to women as “cows” and talked about his “sexual exploits.” But White was fired more than a year ago, Affleck’s lawyer says, adding that the lawsuit is simply an attempt to get “producers to succumb to her outrageous and baseless demands.” Click here to read one director’s thoughts on Affleck’s documentary.
Injected Summary: Casey Affleck's lawyer has responded to a sexual harassment lawsuit filed by Amanda White, denying the allegations and stating that Affleck will file cross-claims. The lawsuit alleges various inappropriate behaviors on the set of the documentary "I'm Still Here," including refusing to pay White after she refused to spend the night with him, making lewd comments, and referring to women as "cows."
Original Story: – Sarah Salazar is still in the hospital after suffering injuries including a broken jaw, fractured rib bones, and a shattered shoulder in the May 18 shooting at Santa Fe High School in Texas. But the teen had something to smile about Friday, when Justin Timberlake stopped by her hospital room. He was in the area for a concert, at which he dedicated his performance of "Until the End of Time" to the 10 killed in the shooting, ABC News reports. Salazar's mother posted a photo of the singer at her daughter's bedside Friday, and thanked Timberlake and others who have visited her daughter, including football player JJ Watt, in a post Saturday. "Sarah is sad for the loss of her classmates and would love to see other survivors," she wrote. A GoFundMe campaign has been set up for the family.
Original Summary: Sarah Salazar, a high school student who was injured in the May 18 shooting at Santa Fe High School in Texas, is still in the hospital with injuries including a broken jaw, fractured ribs, and a shattered shoulder. Pop star Justin Timberlake visited her in the hospital on Friday, dedicating his performance of "Until the End of Time" to the 10 people killed in the shooting, and Salazar's mother thanked him and other visitors, including football player JJ Watt, in a post on Saturday.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Sarah Salazar is still in the hospital after suffering injuries including a broken jaw, fractured rib bones, and a shattered shoulder in the May 18 shooting at Santa Fe High School in Texas. But the teen had something to smile about Friday, when Justin Timberlake stopped by her hospital room. He was in the area for a concert, at which he dedicated his performance of "Until the End of Time" to the 10 killed in the shooting, ABC News reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Salazar's mother posted a photo of the singer at her daughter's bedside Friday, and thanked Timberlake and others who have visited her daughter, including football player JJ Watt, in a post Saturday. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "Sarah is sad for the loss of her classmates and would love to see other survivors," she wrote. A GoFundMe campaign has been set up for the family.
Injected Summary: Sarah Salazar, a high school student who was injured in the Santa Fe High School shooting in Texas, is still in the hospital with injuries including a broken jaw, fractured ribs, and a shattered shoulder. Justin Timberlake visited her in the hospital and dedicated his performance of "Until the End of Time" to the 10 people killed in the shooting, and other visitors have included football player JJ Watt and a GoFundMe campaign has been set up to help the family.
Original Story: – A white supremacist accused of stopping an Amtrak train in Nebraska has been charged with terrorism. Documents unsealed Wednesday in US District Court in Lincoln show 26-year-old Taylor Wilson of St. Charles, Mo., is charged with terrorism attacks and other violence against railroad carriers and mass transportation systems, the AP reports. The eastbound train with about 175 people aboard halted around 2am on Oct. 22 in Oxford, Neb., about 200 miles southwest of Omaha. Per an affidavit cited by the Lincoln Journal Star, FBI Special Agent Monte Czaplewski said the assistant conductor found Wilson sitting in the engineer's seat, "playing with the controls." That conductor and others reportedly subdued and held Wilson down until the authorities could arrive. A deputy says Wilson had a loaded revolver (he had a permit for concealed carry in Missouri), plus more ammunition and a knife. Wilson, who was traveling from Sacramento, Calif., to St. Louis, was initially charged in Furnas County with felony criminal mischief and use of a deadly weapon during the commission of a felony. In an affidavit regarding the new charges, Czaplewski said there was probable cause to believe that electronic devices possessed by Wilson and firearms owned by him "have been used for or obtained in anticipation of engaging in or planning to engage in criminal offenses against the United States." Court documents show the FBI has evidence of Wilson's activities with white supremacist groups, with an informant telling the agency Wilson has previously expressed interest in "killing black people."
Original Summary: A white supremacist, Taylor Wilson, has been charged with terrorism after he stopped an Amtrak train in Nebraska and was found playing with the controls. Documents unsealed in US District Court in Lincoln reveal that Wilson, who had a loaded revolver and other weapons, was charged with terrorism attacks and other violence against railroad carriers and mass transportation systems.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A white supremacist accused of stopping an Amtrak train in Nebraska has been charged with terrorism. Documents unsealed Wednesday in US District Court in Lincoln show 26-year-old Taylor Wilson of St. Charles, Mo., is charged with terrorism attacks and other violence against railroad carriers and mass transportation systems, the AP reports. The eastbound train with about 175 people aboard halted around 2am on Oct. 22 in Oxford, Neb. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves., about 200 miles southwest of Omaha. Per an affidavit cited by the Lincoln Journal Star, FBI Special Agent Monte Czaplewski said the assistant conductor found Wilson sitting in the engineer's seat, "playing with the controls. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." That conductor and others reportedly subdued and held Wilson down until the authorities could arrive. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. A deputy says Wilson had a loaded revolver (he had a permit for concealed carry in Missouri), plus more ammunition and a knife. Wilson, who was traveling from Sacramento, Calif., to St. Louis, was initially charged in Furnas County with felony criminal mischief and use of a deadly weapon during the commission of a felony. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. In an affidavit regarding the new charges, Czaplewski said there was probable cause to believe that electronic devices possessed by Wilson and firearms owned by him "have been used for or obtained in anticipation of engaging in or planning to engage in criminal offenses against the United States." Court documents show the FBI has evidence of Wilson's activities with white supremacist groups, with an informant telling the agency Wilson has previously expressed interest in "killing black people."
Injected Summary: A white supremacist, Taylor Wilson, has been charged with terrorism after he allegedly stopped an Amtrak train in Nebraska and was found playing with the controls. The FBI has evidence of Wilson's ties to white supremacist groups and an informant reported that he expressed interest in "killing black people."
Original Story: – Turns out TLC isn't done with the Duggar family entirely. Two months after canceling 19 Kids and Counting amid the Josh Duggar molestation scandal, the network has ordered "several" new specials focusing on two of Josh's sisters, according to the Hollywood Reporter. The specials will focus on Jessa Seewald, Jill Dillard, and their families (both are married; Jill, 24, has a baby son and Jessa, 22, is expecting her first child in November). Two or three are planned in total, and at least one is expected to premiere at the end of this year. "What we will be following in these specials is Jessa preparing for her first child," a TLC exec tells the AP, "and we'll be watching Jill preparing to make a major move to Central America with her family, which we know is something our audience will be interested in." (The Dillards are heading to El Salvador for missionary work.) An anonymous source tells the AP Josh Duggar will not be involved in the specials, or any future shows on TLC. (A member of the Duggar family says Josh still feels "like a stranger.")
Original Summary: TLC has ordered new specials focusing on two of Josh Duggar's sisters, Jessa Seewald and Jill Dillard, after canceling their reality show due to the Josh Duggar molestation scandal. The specials will follow Jessa preparing for her first child and Jill preparing to move to Central America with her family for missionary work, with Josh not involved in the productions.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Turns out TLC isn't done with the Duggar family entirely. Two months after canceling 19 Kids and Counting amid the Josh Duggar molestation scandal, the network has ordered "several" new specials focusing on two of Josh's sisters, according to the Hollywood Reporter. The specials will focus on Jessa Seewald, Jill Dillard, and their families (both are married; Jill, 24, has a baby son and Jessa, 22, is expecting her first child in November). Two or three are planned in total, and at least one is expected to premiere at the end of this year. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "What we will be following in these specials is Jessa preparing for her first child," a TLC exec tells the AP, "and we'll be watching Jill preparing to make a major move to Central America with her family, which we know is something our audience will be interested in." (The Dillards are heading to El Salvador for missionary work.) An anonymous source tells the AP Josh Duggar will not be involved in the specials, or any future shows on TLC. (A member of the Duggar family says Josh still feels "like a stranger.")
Injected Summary: TLC has ordered new specials focusing on two of Josh Duggar's sisters, Jessa Seewald and Jill Dillard, following their pregnancies and family milestones. The specials will not include Josh Duggar, who has been estranged from the family since his molestation scandal.
Original Story: – As you read this, podcaster Jesse Carey is listening to Nickelback's entire catalog, on repeat. He started Monday, and he'll be listening every minute of every day for an entire week—168 hours total. Why would a person subject himself to such a thing? For charity: Carey, who works on Relevant magazine's podcast, is using what he calls his "ultimate test of endurance" to raise money for Charity: Water. His original goal of $10,000 was enough to build a well in one of the developing nations the group works with, Time reports, but he's already raised more than $18,000, according to his campaign page—where he makes it clear that he will continue listening to Nickelback on a loop through Sunday, despite having already far surpassed his fundraising goal. Why Nickelback? "I'm willing to put my personal health at risk for the challenge," Carey writes on the campaign page. "Such an endeavor could result in irreversible damage to my ears, brain, kidneys, and soul." On his Twitter account, he's been letting readers in on the miserable experience: "It's been less than 12 hours, and I've already hit rock bottom." "When I want to giving up the NBchallenge, I think of living in a world where Nickelback is more powerful than the human spirit & I press on" "Night 3 of the Nickelback Challenge done. It's almost like half of the songs were written with the intention of preventing you from sleeping" He's also posted YouTube video updates, one of which, of course, features Nickelback playing prominently in the background. In the second, he's listening on earbuds so no one else is "exposed" to the "toxic" substance. Before the challenge started, Carey talked about it on a Relevant podcast. "I want someone who’s going through a hard time next week to be like, 'Huh, I'm really down and out, life's really got me down, but right now there's a guy who's been listening to Nickelback for days straight,'" he said. (This man launched a crowdfunding campaign to keep Nickelback away.)
Original Summary:  Water. Despite already exceeding his fundraising goal, he will continue the challenge through Sunday, enduring potential ear damage and personal discomfort for the sake of the charity.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– As you read this, podcaster Jesse Carey is listening to Nickelback's entire catalog, on repeat. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. He started Monday, and he'll be listening every minute of every day for an entire week—168 hours total. Why would a person subject himself to such a thing? For charity: Carey, who works on Relevant magazine's podcast, is using what he calls his "ultimate test of endurance" to raise money for Charity: Water. His original goal of $10,000 was enough to build a well in one of the developing nations the group works with, Time reports, but he's already raised more than $18,000, according to his campaign page—where he makes it clear that he will continue listening to Nickelback on a loop through Sunday, despite having already far surpassed his fundraising goal. Why Nickelback? "I'm willing to put my personal health at risk for the challenge," Carey writes on the campaign page. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "Such an endeavor could result in irreversible damage to my ears, brain, kidneys, and soul." On his Twitter account, he's been letting readers in on the miserable experience: "It's been less than 12 hours, and I've already hit rock bottom." "When I want to giving up the NBchallenge, I think of living in a world where Nickelback is more powerful than the human spirit & I press on" "Night 3 of the Nickelback Challenge done. It's almost like half of the songs were written with the intention of preventing you from sleeping" He's also posted YouTube video updates, one of which, of course, features Nickelback playing prominently in the background. In the second, he's listening on earbuds so no one else is "exposed" to the "toxic" substance. Before the challenge started, Carey talked about it on a Relevant podcast. "I want someone who’s going through a hard time next week to be like, 'Huh, I'm really down and out, life's really got me down, but right now there's a guy who's been listening to Nickelback for days straight,'" he said. (This man launched a crowdfunding campaign to keep Nickelback away. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.)
Injected Summary:  Water. Despite already exceeding his fundraising goal, he will continue the "Nickelback Challenge" through Sunday, enduring potential damage to his ears, brain, and soul.
Original Story: – Oakland police racked up 152 arrests last night of demonstrators angry that a transit cop got a 2-year-sentence for shooting an unarmed black man to death. Protesters took to the streets after a judge gave Johannes Mehserle the minimum prison sentence for killing Oscar Grant last year, reports the LA Times. Mehserle maintains that he mistook his gun for a Taser. Demonstrators staged a largely peaceful 4-hour rally in downtown Oakland, but police moved in when things turned aggressive after it broke up. Most of the arrests were for disorderly conduct or unlawful assembly, and the protest was far tamer than previous ones over the shooting, notes the Oakland Tribune.
Original Summary: Oakland police arrested 152 demonstrators last night after a judge gave a two-year sentence to a transit cop who shot and killed an unarmed black man, Oscar Grant, last year. The protesters had staged a largely peaceful 4-hour rally in downtown Oakland, but police intervened when things turned aggressive after the rally ended.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Oakland police racked up 152 arrests last night of demonstrators angry that a transit cop got a 2-year-sentence for shooting an unarmed black man to death. Protesters took to the streets after a judge gave Johannes Mehserle the minimum prison sentence for killing Oscar Grant last year, reports the LA Times. Mehserle maintains that he mistook his gun for a Taser. Demonstrators staged a largely peaceful 4-hour rally in downtown Oakland, but police moved in when things turned aggressive after it broke up. Most of the arrests were for disorderly conduct or unlawful assembly, and the protest was far tamer than previous ones over the shooting, notes the Oakland Tribune. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.
Injected Summary: Oakland police arrested 152 protesters last night after they took to the streets to demonstrate against a judge's decision to give a transit cop a 2-year sentence for shooting an unarmed black man to death. The largely peaceful 4-hour rally turned aggressive after it broke up, leading to arrests for disorderly conduct and unlawful assembly.
Original Story: – Talk of striking at Iran's nuclear enrichment program is rapidly heating up in Israel—and apparently the US. Not only is Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu trying to gather support for such attacks, but Britain's armed forces are working on contingency plans to support the US, should America launch a strike, reports the Guardian. UK intelligence reports say that President Obama does not want any additional military actions before next November's elections, but that mounting worries over Iran's nuclear programs and a new Tehran belligerence could force action. A new poll, published today, indicates that Israelis are evenly split about a possible strike against Iran, with 41% supporting, 39% opposed, and 20% undecided (with a margin of error of 4.6%), notes AP. Israel also successfully tested a ballistic missile yesterday capable of reaching Iran. Tehran, however, is rattling swords, too, with Iran's top military official threatening "heavy damages" to the US and Israel if they attack, reports Arutz Sheva. And the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said yesterday that he had 100 "undeniable documents" proving the US sponsored terrorism in Iran and around the Middle East, according to Reuters.
Original Summary: Israel and the US are considering military action against Iran's nuclear enrichment program, with Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu gathering support for a strike and Britain's armed forces preparing contingency plans. Iran has threatened retaliation against the US and Israel, with its top military official vowing "heavy damages" and Ayatollah Ali Khamenei claiming to have evidence of US-sponsored terrorism in the region.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Talk of striking at Iran's nuclear enrichment program is rapidly heating up in Israel—and apparently the US. Not only is Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu trying to gather support for such attacks, but Britain's armed forces are working on contingency plans to support the US, should America launch a strike, reports the Guardian. UK intelligence reports say that President Obama does not want any additional military actions before next November's elections, but that mounting worries over Iran's nuclear programs and a new Tehran belligerence could force action. A new poll, published today, indicates that Israelis are evenly split about a possible strike against Iran, with 41% supporting, 39% opposed, and 20% undecided (with a margin of error of 4. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.6%), notes AP. Israel also successfully tested a ballistic missile yesterday capable of reaching Iran. Tehran, however, is rattling swords, too, with Iran's top military official threatening "heavy damages" to the US and Israel if they attack, reports Arutz Sheva. And the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said yesterday that he had 100 "undeniable documents" proving the US sponsored terrorism in Iran and around the Middle East, according to Reuters. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: Israel and the US are considering military action against Iran's nuclear enrichment program, with Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu gathering support for a strike and Britain's armed forces preparing contingency plans. Iran's military has threatened "heavy damages" to both the US and Israel if they attack, and Ayatollah Ali Khamenei claims to have evidence of US-sponsored terrorism in Iran and the region.
Original Story: – Police said Tuesday that the driver who rammed a truck into a crowded Christmas market in the heart of the German capital, killing at least 12 people and injuring nearly 50, did so intentionally and that they are investigating a suspected terror attack, the AP reports. The truck struck the popular Christmas market filled with tourists and locals outside the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church near Berlin's Zoo station late Monday. On Tuesday, conflicting reports emerged about the suspected driver, and whether police had the right man. The latest: The BBC reports that the suspect in custody has been identified in German media reports as a 23-year-old Pakistani man named "Naved B" who entered Germany as a refugee in December 2015. After fleeing the scene of the attack on foot, he was captured more than a mile away. Police say a witness followed him. He has reportedly denied involvement. But according to German newspaper Die Welt's unnamed senior security sources, he's not the right guy. Reuters has this translation: "We have the wrong man ... the true perpetrator is still armed, at large and can cause fresh damage." German Chancellor Angela Merkel says it would be "particularly repugnant" if the attacker came to the country as a refugee, the Guardian reports. "We have to assume we are dealing with a terrorist attack," she said in a statement, promising that the perpetrators would be severely punished. Police say that an injured Polish man found in the truck died as he was being treated for his wounds. He is believed to have been the original driver of the truck, whose owner, his cousin, told authorities the truck must have been hijacked, the AP reports. Donald Trump blamed the attack on "Islamist terrorists," the Independent reports. "ISIS and other Islamist terrorists continually slaughter Christians in their communities and places of worship as part of their global jihad," he said. "These terrorists and their regional and worldwide networks must be eradicated from the face of the Earth, a mission we will carry out with all freedom-loving partners." American witness Shandana Durrani tells CNN that she was in the market when the truck started mowing down people as they were "running, scurrying, screaming" just 20 feet in front of her. "I heard some popping and thought maybe there was a guy with a gun," she says. "People just started running and dropping their gluehwein."
Original Summary: A driver intentionally rammed a truck into a crowded Christmas market in Berlin, killing 12 people and injuring 50. The suspect, a 23-year-old Pakistani man named Naved B, was identified in German media reports and is in custody, but there are conflicting reports about his involvement.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Police said Tuesday that the driver who rammed a truck into a crowded Christmas market in the heart of the German capital, killing at least 12 people and injuring nearly 50, did so intentionally and that they are investigating a suspected terror attack, the AP reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The truck struck the popular Christmas market filled with tourists and locals outside the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church near Berlin's Zoo station late Monday. On Tuesday, conflicting reports emerged about the suspected driver, and whether police had the right man. The latest: The BBC reports that the suspect in custody has been identified in German media reports as a 23-year-old Pakistani man named "Naved B" who entered Germany as a refugee in December 2015. After fleeing the scene of the attack on foot, he was captured more than a mile away. Police say a witness followed him. He has reportedly denied involvement. But according to German newspaper Die Welt's unnamed senior security sources, he's not the right guy. Reuters has this translation: "We have the wrong man . the true perpetrator is still armed, at large and can cause fresh damage. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." German Chancellor Angela Merkel says it would be "particularly repugnant" if the attacker came to the country as a refugee, the Guardian reports. "We have to assume we are dealing with a terrorist attack," she said in a statement, promising that the perpetrators would be severely punished. Police say that an injured Polish man found in the truck died as he was being treated for his wounds. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. He is believed to have been the original driver of the truck, whose owner, his cousin, told authorities the truck must have been hijacked, the AP reports. Donald Trump blamed the attack on "Islamist terrorists," the Independent reports. "ISIS and other Islamist terrorists continually slaughter Christians in their communities and places of worship as part of their global jihad," he said. "These terrorists and their regional and worldwide networks must be eradicated from the face of the Earth, a mission we will carry out with all freedom-loving partners." American witness Shandana Durrani tells CNN that she was in the market when the truck started mowing down people as they were "running, scurrying, screaming" just 20 feet in front of her. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. "I heard some popping and thought maybe there was a guy with a gun," she says. "People just started running and dropping their gluehwein."
Injected Summary: A driver intentionally rammed a truck into a crowded Christmas market in Berlin, killing 12 people and injuring 50. The suspect, a 23-year-old Pakistani man named "Naved B," was arrested, but police later clarified that they have the wrong man and the true perpetrator is still at large.
Original Story: – It's come to this, America: Two New York City Applebee's are charging $375 for the privilege of attending their 4-hour New Year's Eve party. This from the restaurant chain that, MarketWatch reminds us, is known for its two-for-$20 dinner deals. The "night to remember," being offered at the Times Square and Theatre District locations, starts at 8pm and offers much more than "Non-Stop Fun!" Namely, a "premium" open bar, house DJ, party favors, and a chef's selection buffet (an Applebee's rep says it will be cooked by "some fairly sophisticated culinary people"). Oh, and it's family-friendly: Kids under 12 get in for the low, low price of $250. And though Applebee's promotes the fact that "after 11pm, guests are allowed to make their way to the streets of Times Square to ring in the New Year" (with the help of Sonia Sotomayor), the head of the Times Square Alliance tells MarketWatch that as midnight closes in, patrons streaming out of venues in the "prime viewing area" may be instructed by police to move elsewhere. Looking for a bargain? The TGI Friday's in Times Square is apparently charging $299.99.
Original Summary: Two Applebee's locations in New York City are charging $375 for a 4-hour New Year's Eve party that includes a premium open bar, house DJ, party favors, and a buffet cooked by "sophisticated culinary people." The event is family-friendly and includes the option to ring in the New Year in Times Square, but patrons may be instructed to move elsewhere by police as midnight approaches.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– It's come to this, America: Two New York City Applebee's are charging $375 for the privilege of attending their 4-hour New Year's Eve party. This from the restaurant chain that, MarketWatch reminds us, is known for its two-for-$20 dinner deals. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The "night to remember," being offered at the Times Square and Theatre District locations, starts at 8pm and offers much more than "Non-Stop Fun!" Namely, a "premium" open bar, house DJ, party favors, and a chef's selection buffet (an Applebee's rep says it will be cooked by "some fairly sophisticated culinary people"). Oh, and it's family-friendly: Kids under 12 get in for the low, low price of $250. And though Applebee's promotes the fact that "after 11pm, guests are allowed to make their way to the streets of Times Square to ring in the New Year" (with the help of Sonia Sotomayor), the head of the Times Square Alliance tells MarketWatch that as midnight closes in, patrons streaming out of venues in the "prime viewing area" may be instructed by police to move elsewhere. Looking for a bargain? The TGI Friday's in Times Square is apparently charging $299. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.99.
Injected Summary: Two Applebee's locations in New York City are charging $375 for a 4-hour New Year's Eve party that includes a premium open bar, house DJ, party favors, and a buffet cooked by "sophisticated culinary people." The event is family-friendly and starts at 8pm, but patrons may be instructed by police to move elsewhere as midnight approaches.
Original Story: – Bad—or, potentially, good—news for pessimists: Some people's negative outlook on life appears to be caused by a genetic condition, according to a new study. Researchers found that people with low levels of the brain chemical NPY are likelier to be pessimistic, to deal poorly with stress, and to suffer from major depression, the Telegraph reports. People with low levels of NPY were found to have a stronger emotional response to negative stimuli, WebMD reports. The mechanism appears to be independent of other biological causes of depression, say researchers, who hope their findings will help produce more effective therapies. "These are genetic features that can be measured in any person. We hope they can guide us toward assessing an individual's risk for developing depression," the lead researcher says.
Original Summary: A new study has found that some people's pessimistic outlook on life may be caused by a genetic condition, specifically low levels of the brain chemical NPY. Researchers discovered that individuals with low NPY levels have a stronger emotional response to negative stimuli and are more likely to suffer from depression, regardless of other biological causes.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Bad—or, potentially, good—news for pessimists: Some people's negative outlook on life appears to be caused by a genetic condition, according to a new study. Researchers found that people with low levels of the brain chemical NPY are likelier to be pessimistic, to deal poorly with stress, and to suffer from major depression, the Telegraph reports. People with low levels of NPY were found to have a stronger emotional response to negative stimuli, WebMD reports. The mechanism appears to be independent of other biological causes of depression, say researchers, who hope their findings will help produce more effective therapies. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "These are genetic features that can be measured in any person. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. We hope they can guide us toward assessing an individual's risk for developing depression," the lead researcher says.
Injected Summary: Researchers have found that a genetic condition may contribute to pessimism, as people with low levels of the brain chemical NPY are more likely to be pessimistic, deal poorly with stress, and suffer from depression. The study suggests that this genetic mechanism is independent of other biological causes of depression and may help produce more effective therapies.
Original Story: – They were mostly between the ages of 14 and 18, and 26 of them are now dead. CNN reports on the latest tragedy in the Mediterranean Sea and describes an appalling scene: teenage girls' bodies floating lifelessly beside a nearly submerged rubber dinghy that survivors tried to cling to. The AFP reports 23 of the bodies were recovered Friday, with another three subsequently found. Their remains were brought ashore in Salerno, Italy; Salvatore Malfi, the police prefect there, tells NPR they appear to have drowned, but the bodies will be autopsied Tuesday to determine cause of death as well as whether the girls had been sexually abused. The BBC reports some are questioning whether the girls, believed to hail from Niger and Nigeria, were abused and murdered. They were en route to Europe via Libya, which CNN calls "a hotbed for human traffickers." The AFP quotes Malfi as apparently trying to tamp down on that line of thought: "The sex trafficking routes are different. Loading women onto a boat is too risky, the traffickers would not do it as they could lose all their 'goods'—as they describe them—in one fell swoop." Per the UN's migration agency, the migrant death toll along the main Mediterranean route stands at 2,639 for the year through Nov. 1, versus 3,615 for the same period last year. (This smuggler reportedly deliberately drowned 50 migrants.)
Original Summary: At least 26 teenage girls, mostly between the ages of 14 and 18, have died in the Mediterranean Sea after being packed onto a nearly submerged rubber dinghy. The bodies of the girls were recovered and brought ashore in Salerno, Italy, where police believe they drowned, but the cause of death and whether they were sexually abused will be determined through autopsies.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– They were mostly between the ages of 14 and 18, and 26 of them are now dead. CNN reports on the latest tragedy in the Mediterranean Sea and describes an appalling scene: teenage girls' bodies floating lifelessly beside a nearly submerged rubber dinghy that survivors tried to cling to. The AFP reports 23 of the bodies were recovered Friday, with another three subsequently found. Their remains were brought ashore in Salerno, Italy; Salvatore Malfi, the police prefect there, tells NPR they appear to have drowned, but the bodies will be autopsied Tuesday to determine cause of death as well as whether the girls had been sexually abused. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The BBC reports some are questioning whether the girls, believed to hail from Niger and Nigeria, were abused and murdered. They were en route to Europe via Libya, which CNN calls "a hotbed for human traffickers. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." The AFP quotes Malfi as apparently trying to tamp down on that line of thought: "The sex trafficking routes are different. Loading women onto a boat is too risky, the traffickers would not do it as they could lose all their 'goods'—as they describe them—in one fell swoop." Per the UN's migration agency, the migrant death toll along the main Mediterranean route stands at 2,639 for the year through Nov. 1, versus 3,615 for the same period last year. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. (This smuggler reportedly deliberately drowned 50 migrants.)
Injected Summary: A recent tragedy in the Mediterranean Sea has resulted in the deaths of 26 teenage girls, with 23 of their bodies recovered and three more found later. The cause of death and whether the girls were sexually abused will be determined through autopsies, while the UN migration agency reports a decrease in the number of migrant deaths along the main Mediterranean route compared to last year.
Original Story: – After the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla., one of the teachers who came forward to tell his story was Jim Gard. He was painted as a bit of a hero in the media for protecting students in his classroom, but now two students have come forward to accuse him of cowardice. Joshua Gallagher, a junior at the school who was in Gard's math class when an apparent fire drill sent everyone outside, says that after shots were fired and students tried to return to the classroom, they found the door locked and 16 of them were stuck in the hallway for four minutes after Gard wouldn't let them back in. "He left 75% of his students out in the hallway to be slaughtered," Gallagher says, calling Gard "selfish" and a "coward." Eventually another teacher let them inside; all of the students from Gard's class survived. The teacher has now responded defending himself. Gard tells the South Florida Sun-Sentinel that not all his students got back to the classroom in time. "I looked back down the hall and no one was around—no one," he says. "You have to close the door. That’s protocol. We have no choice." He adds that he only heard banging on the door once and "by the time I walked over to the door, the banging had stopped. I didn’t hear any yelling. If there were 13 kids outside the door screaming and banging I would have heard them." He calls Gallagher's accusations "insane," but another classmate has since chimed in to agree with Gallagher. "As one of the kids left in the hallway I want people to understand how terrifying and defenseless I personally felt. The person I had to rely on left us to die and that’s not okay," Connor Dietrich tweeted. USA Today notes Gard gave an interview within two hours of the shooting, while still sheltering in his classroom with students.
Original Summary: A teacher, Jim Gard, has been accused of cowardice by two students who claim he refused to let them back into his classroom during a shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. The students, Joshua Gallagher and Connor Dietrich, claim that Gard locked the door and did not let them back in, leaving them stuck in the hallway for four minutes. Gard has defended himself, saying that he followed protocol and did not hear any yelling or banging on the door.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– After the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla., one of the teachers who came forward to tell his story was Jim Gard. He was painted as a bit of a hero in the media for protecting students in his classroom, but now two students have come forward to accuse him of cowardice. Joshua Gallagher, a junior at the school who was in Gard's math class when an apparent fire drill sent everyone outside, says that after shots were fired and students tried to return to the classroom, they found the door locked and 16 of them were stuck in the hallway for four minutes after Gard wouldn't let them back in. "He left 75% of his students out in the hallway to be slaughtered," Gallagher says, calling Gard "selfish" and a "coward." Eventually another teacher let them inside; all of the students from Gard's class survived. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The teacher has now responded defending himself. Gard tells the South Florida Sun-Sentinel that not all his students got back to the classroom in time. "I looked back down the hall and no one was around—no one," he says. "You have to close the door. That’s protocol. We have no choice." He adds that he only heard banging on the door once and "by the time I walked over to the door, the banging had stopped. I didn’t hear any yelling. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. If there were 13 kids outside the door screaming and banging I would have heard them. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." He calls Gallagher's accusations "insane," but another classmate has since chimed in to agree with Gallagher. "As one of the kids left in the hallway I want people to understand how terrifying and defenseless I personally felt. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. The person I had to rely on left us to die and that’s not okay," Connor Dietrich tweeted. USA Today notes Gard gave an interview within two hours of the shooting, while still sheltering in his classroom with students.
Injected Summary: A teacher at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, Jim Gard, has been accused of cowardice by two students who claim he refused to let them back into his classroom during a shooting, leaving them locked outside for four minutes. Gard defends himself, saying he followed protocol and only heard banging on the door once, but another student has come forward to support the accusations, describing the experience as "terrifying and defenseless."
Original Story: – One of the world's top breast cancer researchers is taking heat after a New York Times and ProPublica report revealed he failed to list his financial ties to big pharma in major publications and elsewhere. Dr. José Baselga reportedly did not follow established guidelines for reporting such ties in articles he published in prestigious medical journals including the New England Journal of Medicine and the Lancet. Baselga is chief medical officer at New York's Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and has held senior positions at Roche, Bristol-Myers Squibb, and other companies. The Times and ProPublica analysis also found that Baselga "put a positive spin" on two clinical trials sponsored by Roche at a conference despite other researchers having characterized them as disappointing. While Baselga has reportedly received over $3 million from Roche since 2014, he did not disclose the relationship at the conference or when presenting the findings to analysts in 2017. Baselga says the failures to disclose were unintentional and, since the report was published, Memorial Sloan Kettering CEO Dr. Craig B. Thompson said in an email to all staff that they must "do a better job" of reporting such ties, per the New York Times.
Original Summary: Dr. José Baselga, a prominent breast cancer researcher, has been criticized for failing to disclose his financial ties to pharmaceutical companies in medical journals and at a conference, despite established guidelines for doing so. The New York Times and ProPublica investigation found that Baselga has received over $3 million from Roche since 2014 and did not disclose the relationship until after the report was published, and that he put a positive spin on clinical trials sponsored by the company at a conference despite other researchers' characterizations of the trials as disappointing.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– One of the world's top breast cancer researchers is taking heat after a New York Times and ProPublica report revealed he failed to list his financial ties to big pharma in major publications and elsewhere. Dr. José Baselga reportedly did not follow established guidelines for reporting such ties in articles he published in prestigious medical journals including the New England Journal of Medicine and the Lancet. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Baselga is chief medical officer at New York's Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center and has held senior positions at Roche, Bristol-Myers Squibb, and other companies. The Times and ProPublica analysis also found that Baselga "put a positive spin" on two clinical trials sponsored by Roche at a conference despite other researchers having characterized them as disappointing. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. While Baselga has reportedly received over $3 million from Roche since 2014, he did not disclose the relationship at the conference or when presenting the findings to analysts in 2017. Baselga says the failures to disclose were unintentional and, since the report was published, Memorial Sloan Kettering CEO Dr. Craig B. Thompson said in an email to all staff that they must "do a better job" of reporting such ties, per the New York Times. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: Dr. José Baselga, a prominent breast cancer researcher, has faced criticism for failing to disclose his financial ties to pharmaceutical companies in medical journals and at a conference. He has received over $3 million from Roche since 2014, but did not disclose the relationship at the time.
Original Story: – In the summer of 2015, Allegiant Air had a number of in-flight breakdowns—on one day in particular, there were five such problems. Between the beginning of 2016 and the end of October 2017, a 60 Minutes investigation uncovered more than 100 serious mechanical incidents the airline experienced: from hydraulic leaks and air pressure loss in the cabin to rapid descents, aborted takeoffs, and more—including 60 unscheduled landings. The airline has just 99 planes, yet experienced 25 engine failures or malfunctions in two years, and its planes are three and a half times more likely than those of other carriers to experience "serious in-flight mechanical failures," per the report. But Allegiant Air, a budget carrier based in Las Vegas, is one of the most profitable airlines in the US, even if most customers are unaware of those problems. A former member of the National Transportation Safety Board says he won't fly the airline and encourages his family and friends not to fly it, either. The aviation experts 60 Minutes spoke to during its 7-month investigation believe the problems stem from Allegiant's ultra-low-cost fares; in order to keep them so affordable, the airline must keep its own costs down—and keep its planes flying as long as possible. Almost 30% of its planes are McDonnell-Douglas MD-80s, which are old and difficult to find parts for. Those planes, nearly all of which were bought secondhand from foreign airlines, are responsible for most of the problems the investigation uncovered. Some also fault the FAA for being too lax in its oversight of the airline. Allegiant is calling the story a "false narrative," while the AP reports shares of its parent company were down in early trading. See CBS News for more.
Original Summary: Allegiant Air experienced numerous in-flight breakdowns in 2015, including five incidents on one day, and over 100 serious mechanical incidents between 2016 and 2017, according to a 60 Minutes investigation. The airline's planes are three and a half times more likely to experience serious in-flight mechanical failures than those of other carriers, despite its status as one of the most profitable airlines in the US.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– In the summer of 2015, Allegiant Air had a number of in-flight breakdowns—on one day in particular, there were five such problems. Between the beginning of 2016 and the end of October 2017, a 60 Minutes investigation uncovered more than 100 serious mechanical incidents the airline experienced: from hydraulic leaks and air pressure loss in the cabin to rapid descents, aborted takeoffs, and more—including 60 unscheduled landings. The airline has just 99 planes, yet experienced 25 engine failures or malfunctions in two years, and its planes are three and a half times more likely than those of other carriers to experience "serious in-flight mechanical failures," per the report. But Allegiant Air, a budget carrier based in Las Vegas, is one of the most profitable airlines in the US, even if most customers are unaware of those problems. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. A former member of the National Transportation Safety Board says he won't fly the airline and encourages his family and friends not to fly it, either. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The aviation experts 60 Minutes spoke to during its 7-month investigation believe the problems stem from Allegiant's ultra-low-cost fares; in order to keep them so affordable, the airline must keep its own costs down—and keep its planes flying as long as possible. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Almost 30% of its planes are McDonnell-Douglas MD-80s, which are old and difficult to find parts for. Those planes, nearly all of which were bought secondhand from foreign airlines, are responsible for most of the problems the investigation uncovered. Some also fault the FAA for being too lax in its oversight of the airline. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. Allegiant is calling the story a "false narrative," while the AP reports shares of its parent company were down in early trading. See CBS News for more.
Injected Summary: In 2015, Allegiant Air experienced five in-flight breakdowns, and a 60 Minutes investigation found over 100 serious mechanical incidents, including engine failures and aborted takeoffs, on flights between 2016 and 2017. The airline's low-cost business model may be contributing to the problems, as it keeps its planes flying longer and uses older, harder-to-maintain aircraft, which are responsible for most of the incidents.
Original Story: – Lady Gaga didn't just headline at Coachella on Saturday, she surprised her fans by debuting a new song. Gaga set up "The Cure" about halfway through her 90-minute set at the music festival in California, reports US Weekly. "I've been so excited for this next part of the show because I've been trying to keep it a secret for so long," she told the crowd. You can see the performance here. Pitchfork collects other samples from the show here. (Gaga is the first female headliner at Coachella in a decade.)
Original Summary: Lady Gaga surprised her fans at Coachella by debuting a new song, "The Cure," during her 90-minute set. Gaga had been keeping the song a secret for a long time and was excited to share it with the crowd, who can see the performance in a video available online.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Lady Gaga didn't just headline at Coachella on Saturday, she surprised her fans by debuting a new song. Gaga set up "The Cure" about halfway through her 90-minute set at the music festival in California, reports US Weekly. "I've been so excited for this next part of the show because I've been trying to keep it a secret for so long," she told the crowd. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. You can see the performance here. Pitchfork collects other samples from the show here. (Gaga is the first female headliner at Coachella in a decade.)
Injected Summary: Lady Gaga surprised her fans at Coachella by debuting a new song, "The Cure," during her 90-minute set. She had been keeping the song a secret for a long time and was excited to share it with the crowd.
Original Story: – President Trump is calling on the Washington Post to fire reporter Dave Weigel after Weigel tweeted out a photo that gave a false impression about crowd size at a recent rally. The trouble started early Saturday morning after Trump tweeted that the arena he had spoken in the night before in Pensacola "was packed to the rafters," the Washington Post reports. Weigel responded by tweeting out a photo of the rally that seemed to show several hundred empty seats. "Packed to the rafters," Weigel wrote sarcastically. About 20 minutes later, Weigel deleted the tweet, and around 5pm, Trump accused the reporter of using a "phony photo" taken hours before the rally began. Weigel immediately apologized on Twitter. Later, Weigel wrote, “It was a bad tweet on my personal account, not a story for Washington Post. ... Very fair to call me out.” But that didn't satisfy the president, who called Weigel's original tweet "FAKE NEWS" and said, "he should be fired." The Post isn't the only media outlet to come under fire from Trump for recent mistakes. At Friday's rally, Trump also criticized both ABC News and CNN, the Hill reports. Last week, ABC reporter Brian Ross was suspended for four weeks after falsely reporting that Trump had directed Michael Flynn to contact Russian officials during the 2016 presidential campaign. CNN, meanwhile, had to issue a correction on a story that falsely claimed Donald Trump Jr. had been offered hacked Wikileaks documents before they were made public. "Oh thank you, CNN, thank you so much. You should have been apologizing for the last two years," Trump said at Friday's rally.
Original Summary: President Trump is accusing Washington Post reporter Dave Weigel of spreading "FAKE NEWS" after Weigel tweeted a photo of an empty section of a rally, which Trump claimed was "packed to the rafters." Weigel later apologized, but Trump continues to demand that the Post fire him.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– President Trump is calling on the Washington Post to fire reporter Dave Weigel after Weigel tweeted out a photo that gave a false impression about crowd size at a recent rally. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The trouble started early Saturday morning after Trump tweeted that the arena he had spoken in the night before in Pensacola "was packed to the rafters," the Washington Post reports. Weigel responded by tweeting out a photo of the rally that seemed to show several hundred empty seats. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "Packed to the rafters," Weigel wrote sarcastically. About 20 minutes later, Weigel deleted the tweet, and around 5pm, Trump accused the reporter of using a "phony photo" taken hours before the rally began. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Weigel immediately apologized on Twitter. Later, Weigel wrote, “It was a bad tweet on my personal account, not a story for Washington Post. . After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. Very fair to call me out.” But that didn't satisfy the president, who called Weigel's original tweet "FAKE NEWS" and said, "he should be fired." The Post isn't the only media outlet to come under fire from Trump for recent mistakes. At Friday's rally, Trump also criticized both ABC News and CNN, the Hill reports. Last week, ABC reporter Brian Ross was suspended for four weeks after falsely reporting that Trump had directed Michael Flynn to contact Russian officials during the 2016 presidential campaign. CNN, meanwhile, had to issue a correction on a story that falsely claimed Donald Trump Jr. had been offered hacked Wikileaks documents before they were made public. "Oh thank you, CNN, thank you so much. You should have been apologizing for the last two years," Trump said at Friday's rally.
Injected Summary: President Trump accused Washington Post reporter Dave Weigel of spreading "FAKE NEWS" after Weigel tweeted a photo of an empty section of a rally, which Weigel later apologized for. The incident follows recent mistakes by other media outlets, including ABC News and CNN, which have faced criticism from Trump for inaccurate reporting.
Original Story: – The creator of the HBO hit series The Wire and now Treme is among 23 winners of the "genius" grants announced today by the MacArthur Foundation. The awards, granting $100,000 annually for 5 years with absolutely no strings attached, left David Simon with a "vague sense of guilt" for already being amply compensated in an industry that's "a little bit recession proof," he noted, reports MSNBC. But he plans to spend his bucks while working on a history of the CIA and a Yonkers housing desegregation fight, neither of which has the "best commercial outlook," he noted. Other winning scientists and artists Include: Annette Gordon-Reed, 51, of Harvard, author of award-winning history The Hemingses of Monticello: An American Family, which recounts Thomas Jefferson's relationship with his common-law black wife. John Dabiri, 30 (the youngest recipient), of Cal Tech, who studyies the hydrodynamics of jellyfish propulsion. UC-San Diego Professor Carol Padden 55, the first deaf recipient, studies the evolution of sign language. Jason Moran, 35, an experimental jazz pianist. Kelly Benoit-Bird, 34, an Oregon State University marine biologist, researches sea creatures using acoustic engineering technology. For the rest of the winners, check here.
Original Summary: David Simon, creator of The Wire and Treme, was awarded a MacArthur Foundation "genius" grant for his work in storytelling and social commentary. He plans to use the $100,000 annual award to fund projects on a history of the CIA and a Yonkers housing desegregation fight, despite the "vague sense of guilt" he feels for already being well-compensated in an industry that is "a little bit recession proof."
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The creator of the HBO hit series The Wire and now Treme is among 23 winners of the "genius" grants announced today by the MacArthur Foundation. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The awards, granting $100,000 annually for 5 years with absolutely no strings attached, left David Simon with a "vague sense of guilt" for already being amply compensated in an industry that's "a little bit recession proof," he noted, reports MSNBC. But he plans to spend his bucks while working on a history of the CIA and a Yonkers housing desegregation fight, neither of which has the "best commercial outlook," he noted. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Other winning scientists and artists Include: Annette Gordon-Reed, 51, of Harvard, author of award-winning history The Hemingses of Monticello: An American Family, which recounts Thomas Jefferson's relationship with his common-law black wife. John Dabiri, 30 (the youngest recipient), of Cal Tech, who studyies the hydrodynamics of jellyfish propulsion. UC-San Diego Professor Carol Padden 55, the first deaf recipient, studies the evolution of sign language. Jason Moran, 35, an experimental jazz pianist. Kelly Benoit-Bird, 34, an Oregon State University marine biologist, researches sea creatures using acoustic engineering technology. For the rest of the winners, check here. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: David Simon, creator of The Wire and Treme, was awarded a MacArthur Foundation "genius" grant for his work in television and his plans to use the funds to support a history of the CIA and a Yonkers housing desegregation fight. Other winners include Annette Gordon-Reed, a historian who wrote about Thomas Jefferson's relationship with his black wife, and Kelly Benoit-Bird, a marine biologist who uses acoustic engineering technology to study sea creatures.
Original Story: – A sign posted at the entrance to a dangerous underwater cave system in Florida reads, "Stop: Prevent Your Death!" next to an image of the grim reaper, reports NDTV. It didn't stop Patrick Peacock, 53, and Chris Rittenmeyer, 38, whose bodies were recovered from the Eagle's Nest dive area in Weeki Wachee on Monday, reports the Tampa Bay Times. The experienced Fort Lauderdale divers had decided to explore the cave system—up to 300 feet deep with a mile of passages and incredible views—around 2pm Sunday just as they'd done several times before, including on Friday, reports the South Florida Sun-Sentinel. But an hour later, the pair failed to meet up as planned with a less experienced diver who'd stayed close to the surface, Hernando County police say. That diver alerted police around 6pm Sunday, and his friends' bodies were found close together Monday in a "very dangerous and complex area of the cave system" at a depth of about 260 feet, authorities say. Peacock's wife says the pair were "prepared" and "excited." However, "they may have lost their line, they may have lost visibility, they may have been restrictive, there may have been gear issues," a man who's logged 50 dives at the site tells Fox 13. "More than likely it was a series of issues." At least 10 people have now lost their lives at Eagle's Nest, known as the "Mount Everest of cave diving" for challenging even the most experienced divers. The latest deaths have renewed calls for the caves to be closed to the public, as they were from 1999 to 2003. (A father and son died at the site on Christmas Day 2013.)
Original Summary: Two experienced divers, Patrick Peacock and Chris Rittenmeyer, were found dead in a dangerous underwater cave system in Florida after they failed to meet up with a less experienced diver who had stayed close to the surface. The pair, who had explored the cave system several times before, were found at a depth of 260 feet with no visible signs of distress, leading experts to believe that they may have lost their line, visibility, or experienced gear issues.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A sign posted at the entrance to a dangerous underwater cave system in Florida reads, "Stop: Prevent Your Death!" next to an image of the grim reaper, reports NDTV. It didn't stop Patrick Peacock, 53, and Chris Rittenmeyer, 38, whose bodies were recovered from the Eagle's Nest dive area in Weeki Wachee on Monday, reports the Tampa Bay Times. The experienced Fort Lauderdale divers had decided to explore the cave system—up to 300 feet deep with a mile of passages and incredible views—around 2pm Sunday just as they'd done several times before, including on Friday, reports the South Florida Sun-Sentinel. But an hour later, the pair failed to meet up as planned with a less experienced diver who'd stayed close to the surface, Hernando County police say. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. That diver alerted police around 6pm Sunday, and his friends' bodies were found close together Monday in a "very dangerous and complex area of the cave system" at a depth of about 260 feet, authorities say. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Peacock's wife says the pair were "prepared" and "excited." However, "they may have lost their line, they may have lost visibility, they may have been restrictive, there may have been gear issues," a man who's logged 50 dives at the site tells Fox 13. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "More than likely it was a series of issues." At least 10 people have now lost their lives at Eagle's Nest, known as the "Mount Everest of cave diving" for challenging even the most experienced divers. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. The latest deaths have renewed calls for the caves to be closed to the public, as they were from 1999 to 2003. (A father and son died at the site on Christmas Day 2013.)
Injected Summary: Two experienced divers, Patrick Peacock and Chris Rittenmeyer, were found dead in a dangerous underwater cave system in Florida after they failed to meet up with a less experienced diver who had stayed close to the surface. The pair had explored the cave system several times before, but an hour later they were found at a depth of 260 feet with no line, visibility issues, or gear problems, leading to speculation of a series of issues that caused their deaths.
Original Story: – The editors of the New York Times Book Review are out with their annual list of the best reads of the year. The top 10, which aren't ranked in order: The Association of Small Bombs, Karan Mahajan, fiction. Review here. The North Water, Ian McGuire, fiction. Review here. The Underground Railroad, Colson Whitehead, fiction. Review here. The Vegetarian, Han Kang, fiction. Review here. War and Turpentine, Stefan Hertmans, fiction. Review here. At the Existentialist Cafe, Sarah Bakewell, nonfiction. Review here. Dark Money: The Hidden History of Billionaires Behind the Rise of the Radical Right, Jane Mayer, nonfiction. Review here. Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City, Matthew Desmond, nonfiction. Review here. In the Darkroom, Susan Faludi, nonfiction. Review here. The Return: Fathers, Sons and the Land in Between, Hisham Matar, nonfiction. Review here. Click here for snapshot descriptions of the books.
Original Summary:  Poverty and Profit in the American City" by Matthew Desmond, and "In the Darkroom" by Susan Faludi.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The editors of the New York Times Book Review are out with their annual list of the best reads of the year. The top 10, which aren't ranked in order: The Association of Small Bombs, Karan Mahajan, fiction. Review here. The North Water, Ian McGuire, fiction. Review here. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The Underground Railroad, Colson Whitehead, fiction. Review here. The Vegetarian, Han Kang, fiction. Review here. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. War and Turpentine, Stefan Hertmans, fiction. Review here. At the Existentialist Cafe, Sarah Bakewell, nonfiction. Review here. Dark Money: The Hidden History of Billionaires Behind the Rise of the Radical Right, Jane Mayer, nonfiction. Review here. Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City, Matthew Desmond, nonfiction. Review here. In the Darkroom, Susan Faludi, nonfiction. Review here. The Return: Fathers, Sons and the Land in Between, Hisham Matar, nonfiction. Review here. Click here for snapshot descriptions of the books.
Injected Summary: The New York Times Book Review has released its annual list of the best books of the year, featuring 10 titles across fiction and nonfiction. The list includes "The Association of Small Bombs" by Karan Mahajan, "The Underground Railroad" by Colson Whitehead, and "In the Darkroom" by Susan Faludi, among others.
Original Story: – Goodbye No Child Left Behind, hello Every Student Succeeds Act. Congress on Thursday overhauled the former into the latter, and President Obama signed it into law, reports CNN. The big talking point out of the bipartisan deal is one summed up by David Kirp in an op-ed at the New York Times: The new act "shifts, for the first time since the Reagan years, the balance of power in education away from Washington and back to the states." And "that’s a welcome about-face" in Kirp's view. He rounds up a litany of teach-to-the-test criticisms about the original Bush-era law, arguing that it's done more harm than good and was long overdue for the scrap heap. "Good riddance." This end-of-an era sentiment is common in coverage, writes Alia Wong at the Atlantic, who cautions that the reform isn't as sweeping as headlines suggest. "For all the breathless hype, the legislation seems unlikely to produce many changes that are actually visible on the ground," writes Wong. For one thing, 42 states already have waivers from the No Child Left Behind requirements deemed the most odious. And while the new act does have promising new elements, including funding to expand access to preschool, Wong thinks that "all the applause and whoops and back-patting" are a little much. The piece concludes with a link to another op-ed by Conor Williams, who calls the new act a "brilliant piece of political posturing" at the74million.org. "It takes a relatively simple federal accountability system, removes the teeth, and layers on a bunch of vague responsibilities for states," he writes. "Just because something is a compromise doesn’t mean that it will do good things for children." Click for the full posts from Kirp, Wong, or Williams.
Original Summary: The Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA) replaces the No Child Left Behind Act, with bipartisan support and signed into law by President Obama. The new act shifts power from Washington to the states, according to David Kirp in an op-ed, and is seen as a welcome change after years of criticisms about the original law. However, some critics, such as Alia Wong at The Atlantic, argue that the new act may not produce significant changes on the ground, as many states already have waivers from the previous law's requirements and the new act includes only promising new elements such as funding for preschool expansion.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Goodbye No Child Left Behind, hello Every Student Succeeds Act. Congress on Thursday overhauled the former into the latter, and President Obama signed it into law, reports CNN. The big talking point out of the bipartisan deal is one summed up by David Kirp in an op-ed at the New York Times: The new act "shifts, for the first time since the Reagan years, the balance of power in education away from Washington and back to the states." And "that’s a welcome about-face" in Kirp's view. He rounds up a litany of teach-to-the-test criticisms about the original Bush-era law, arguing that it's done more harm than good and was long overdue for the scrap heap. "Good riddance. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." This end-of-an era sentiment is common in coverage, writes Alia Wong at the Atlantic, who cautions that the reform isn't as sweeping as headlines suggest. "For all the breathless hype, the legislation seems unlikely to produce many changes that are actually visible on the ground," writes Wong. For one thing, 42 states already have waivers from the No Child Left Behind requirements deemed the most odious. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. And while the new act does have promising new elements, including funding to expand access to preschool, Wong thinks that "all the applause and whoops and back-patting" are a little much. The piece concludes with a link to another op-ed by Conor Williams, who calls the new act a "brilliant piece of political posturing" at the74million. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.org. "It takes a relatively simple federal accountability system, removes the teeth, and layers on a bunch of vague responsibilities for states," he writes. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. "Just because something is a compromise doesn’t mean that it will do good things for children." Click for the full posts from Kirp, Wong, or Williams.
Injected Summary: The Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA) replaces the No Child Left Behind Act, with a focus on shifting power from Washington to the states. While some see this as a positive change, others argue that the new act may not produce significant changes on the ground, as many states already have waivers from the previous law's requirements.
Original Story: – An unarmed black teenager was shot and killed by Neighborhood Watch volunteer George Zimmerman on Feb. 26, and Zimmerman has yet to be charged; now Reuters reports that the FBI is monitoring the controversial Sanford, Florida, case, which has garnered nationwide attention. Trayvon Martin, 17, was walking through a gated community back to his stepmother's house after going out to buy candy for his brother when Zimmerman called 911 to report a suspicious person. Zimmerman—who has called police 46 times since the beginning of 2011, the Miami Herald reports—was told by a dispatcher not to follow Martin, but did so anyway; he told authorities he shot the teen in self-defense. Martin's family has called for federal authorities to take over the case, and civil rights leaders have noted their alarm—Zimmerman, 28, is white, and reportedly specifically warned residents about unfamiliar black youth, although his father called him a "Spanish-speaking minority" in a letter to the Orlando Sentinel. Martin's family said Friday they would ask to meet with Attorney General Eric Holder. ABC, which notes that Zimmerman was never tested for drugs or alcohol the night Martin died, has Zimmerman's recently released 911 call as well as calls from others who witnessed the shooting. The Herald has more on Zimmerman as well as the Sanford police department, which has a history of racial tensions. The Sentinel notes that Florida college students are planning a rally this morning outside the criminal courts building where prosecutors are reviewing the case.
Original Summary: An unarmed black teenager, Trayvon Martin, was shot and killed by George Zimmerman, a Neighborhood Watch volunteer, in Sanford, Florida, on February 26. The FBI is now monitoring the controversial case, which has garnered nationwide attention due to Zimmerman's race and the fact that he has yet to be charged, despite being told by a dispatcher not to follow Martin.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– An unarmed black teenager was shot and killed by Neighborhood Watch volunteer George Zimmerman on Feb. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. 26, and Zimmerman has yet to be charged; now Reuters reports that the FBI is monitoring the controversial Sanford, Florida, case, which has garnered nationwide attention. Trayvon Martin, 17, was walking through a gated community back to his stepmother's house after going out to buy candy for his brother when Zimmerman called 911 to report a suspicious person. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Zimmerman—who has called police 46 times since the beginning of 2011, the Miami Herald reports—was told by a dispatcher not to follow Martin, but did so anyway; he told authorities he shot the teen in self-defense. Martin's family has called for federal authorities to take over the case, and civil rights leaders have noted their alarm—Zimmerman, 28, is white, and reportedly specifically warned residents about unfamiliar black youth, although his father called him a "Spanish-speaking minority" in a letter to the Orlando Sentinel. Martin's family said Friday they would ask to meet with Attorney General Eric Holder. ABC, which notes that Zimmerman was never tested for drugs or alcohol the night Martin died, has Zimmerman's recently released 911 call as well as calls from others who witnessed the shooting. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. The Herald has more on Zimmerman as well as the Sanford police department, which has a history of racial tensions. The Sentinel notes that Florida college students are planning a rally this morning outside the criminal courts building where prosecutors are reviewing the case. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: An unarmed black teenager, Trayvon Martin, was shot and killed by George Zimmerman, a Neighborhood Watch volunteer, in Florida. Zimmerman has yet to be charged, and the FBI is now monitoring the case, which has garnered nationwide attention due to racial tensions and calls for federal authorities to take over the investigation.
Original Story: – With the idea of 3D-printed guns already causing controversy, the city of Philadelphia apparently doesn't want to take any chances. The city council this week voted to make such guns illegal, reports NBC Philadelphia. Once Mayor Michael Nutter signs off, that will make Philadelphia the first city in the nation to enact a law against 3D guns, notes Philadelphia Magazine. The magazine sounds a wee bit skeptical of the benefit, however, considering that no printers of 3D guns are known to exist in the city. "It’s all pre-emptive," an aide to the legislator behind the measure tells the publication. "It’s just based upon Internet stuff out there." The law would not apply to licensed gun manufacturers but is instead aimed at criminals who might try to print a cheap, undetectable (no metal) firearm. Sen. Chuck Schumer wants a federal law to the same effect. A blogger at Reason points out that the city's law might conflict with a state law protecting gun rights, while a blogger at Gizmodo thinks the focus on 3D guns "distracts us from the very big problems we still have with conventional weapons."
Original Summary: The city of Philadelphia has voted to make 3D-printed guns illegal, with Mayor Michael Nutter set to sign the law. The move makes Philadelphia the first city in the US to enact such a measure, aimed at preventing criminals from printing undetectable and cheap firearms.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– With the idea of 3D-printed guns already causing controversy, the city of Philadelphia apparently doesn't want to take any chances. The city council this week voted to make such guns illegal, reports NBC Philadelphia. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Once Mayor Michael Nutter signs off, that will make Philadelphia the first city in the nation to enact a law against 3D guns, notes Philadelphia Magazine. The magazine sounds a wee bit skeptical of the benefit, however, considering that no printers of 3D guns are known to exist in the city. "It’s all pre-emptive," an aide to the legislator behind the measure tells the publication. "It’s just based upon Internet stuff out there. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." The law would not apply to licensed gun manufacturers but is instead aimed at criminals who might try to print a cheap, undetectable (no metal) firearm. Sen. Chuck Schumer wants a federal law to the same effect. A blogger at Reason points out that the city's law might conflict with a state law protecting gun rights, while a blogger at Gizmodo thinks the focus on 3D guns "distracts us from the very big problems we still have with conventional weapons."
Injected Summary: The city of Philadelphia has voted to make 3D-printed guns illegal, with Mayor Michael Nutter set to sign the legislation. The law is aimed at criminals who might try to print undetectable, cheap firearms, but some critics argue that it may conflict with state laws protecting gun rights and distract from larger issues with conventional weapons.
Original Story: – The city of La Cruces, NM, has agreed to pay $3 million to settle a federal civil lawsuit brought by a woman who was sexually assaulted by a police detective when she was a high-school intern with the department. During the trial, Diana Guerrero, who had aspired to become a police officer, told the court, "It had never occurred to me that a person who had earned a badge would do this," the AP reports, noting Guerrero agreed to be named. According to a Justice Department press release, former Las Cruces police Detective Michael Garcia took Guerrero, then 17, on a ride-along to visit a crime scene in May 2011. Rather than take her directly back to the station, he "drove her to a secluded location where he sexually assaulted her." The press release notes he was "assigned to a unit that focused on child abuse and sex crimes investigations" at the time. Garcia, who pleaded guilty, was sentenced to nine years in prison in late 2014. Guerrero reported the assault, which left her feeling "like a piece of trash" in 2013, after bumping into a female detective that year who asked why she had ended the internship. "I just blurted it out," Guerrero told KVIA. "I am most happy and satisfied that this lawsuit brought to light a cesspool of sexual violence and harassment that exists in police departments across this country," Guerrero tells the AP. Indeed, an investigation by the news outlet found that, during a six-year period, about 1,000 officers were fired for a range of sex crimes; it calls that number "unquestionably an undercount." The City Council still has to approve the settlement, according to KRWG, which is expected to happen Monday. KVIA reports Guerrero now intends to pursue a career in nutrition.
Original Summary: A former Las Cruces, NM police detective pleaded guilty to sexually assaulting a 17-year-old high school intern in 2011. The city has agreed to pay $3 million to settle a federal civil lawsuit brought by the victim, Diana Guerrero, who reported the assault after bumping into a female detective in 2013.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The city of La Cruces, NM, has agreed to pay $3 million to settle a federal civil lawsuit brought by a woman who was sexually assaulted by a police detective when she was a high-school intern with the department. During the trial, Diana Guerrero, who had aspired to become a police officer, told the court, "It had never occurred to me that a person who had earned a badge would do this," the AP reports, noting Guerrero agreed to be named. According to a Justice Department press release, former Las Cruces police Detective Michael Garcia took Guerrero, then 17, on a ride-along to visit a crime scene in May 2011. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Rather than take her directly back to the station, he "drove her to a secluded location where he sexually assaulted her." The press release notes he was "assigned to a unit that focused on child abuse and sex crimes investigations" at the time. Garcia, who pleaded guilty, was sentenced to nine years in prison in late 2014. Guerrero reported the assault, which left her feeling "like a piece of trash" in 2013, after bumping into a female detective that year who asked why she had ended the internship. "I just blurted it out," Guerrero told KVIA. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "I am most happy and satisfied that this lawsuit brought to light a cesspool of sexual violence and harassment that exists in police departments across this country," Guerrero tells the AP. Indeed, an investigation by the news outlet found that, during a six-year period, about 1,000 officers were fired for a range of sex crimes; it calls that number "unquestionably an undercount. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." The City Council still has to approve the settlement, according to KRWG, which is expected to happen Monday. KVIA reports Guerrero now intends to pursue a career in nutrition. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: A former Las Cruces, NM police detective pleaded guilty to sexually assaulting a 17-year-old high school intern during a ride-along in 2011. The city has agreed to pay $3 million to settle the federal civil lawsuit brought by the victim, who reported the assault in 2013 after bumping into a female detective who asked why she ended her internship early.
Original Story: – A French street artist who worked with Tunisian revolutionaries and Libyan refugees ended up dead after coming to work in Detroit, police say. Four suspects, all of them teenagers when Bilal Berreni was murdered in July last year, are accused of shooting the 23-year-old in the face and dumping his body outside an abandoned public housing project, the AP reports. The youngest suspect, a 14-year-old boy, was 13 when Berreni was killed but could still be sentenced as an adult if convicted. He was charged yesterday and the older three were arraigned on charges including felony murder and armed robbery Wednesday. Berreni—who used the name "Zoo Project" for his murals—was not identified until seven months after the killing, when his fingerprints were run through a federal database, reports Michigan Live. "It sickens me that a young, talented artist who had traveled the world to pursue his passion was murdered here, thus reinforcing the stereotypes for many about our city of Detroit," Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy said in a statement. "We will do everything that we possibly can under the law to bring the killers of Mr. Berreni to justice." Some of Berreni's work can be seen here.
Original Summary: A French street artist, Bilal Berreni, was shot and killed in Detroit last year, and four teenage suspects are now facing charges including felony murder and armed robbery. The youngest suspect, who was 13 at the time of the crime, could be sentenced as an adult if convicted.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A French street artist who worked with Tunisian revolutionaries and Libyan refugees ended up dead after coming to work in Detroit, police say. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Four suspects, all of them teenagers when Bilal Berreni was murdered in July last year, are accused of shooting the 23-year-old in the face and dumping his body outside an abandoned public housing project, the AP reports. The youngest suspect, a 14-year-old boy, was 13 when Berreni was killed but could still be sentenced as an adult if convicted. He was charged yesterday and the older three were arraigned on charges including felony murder and armed robbery Wednesday. Berreni—who used the name "Zoo Project" for his murals—was not identified until seven months after the killing, when his fingerprints were run through a federal database, reports Michigan Live. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "It sickens me that a young, talented artist who had traveled the world to pursue his passion was murdered here, thus reinforcing the stereotypes for many about our city of Detroit," Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy said in a statement. "We will do everything that we possibly can under the law to bring the killers of Mr. Berreni to justice. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." Some of Berreni's work can be seen here.
Injected Summary: A French street artist, Bilal Berreni, was murdered in Detroit last year after working with Tunisian revolutionaries and Libyan refugees. Four teenage suspects, including a 14-year-old boy, are accused of shooting him in the face and dumping his body outside an abandoned public housing project.
Original Story: – The man behind a "revenge porn" website was sentenced yesterday to 18 years in prison for posting thousands of private photos and charging women to have them removed, the San Diego Union-Tribune reports. Kevin Bollaert, 28, was convicted last month of 27 felony counts—21 for identity theft and six for extortion—but still claimed during sentencing that he ran the now-defunct UGotPosted.com without knowing it was illegal. A prosecutor disagreed, saying "this man was told time and time again, 'You are ruining my life.'" Indeed, victims testified in a San Diego courtroom to the pain they had endured: "It's just broken me on a level that's not describable," said one of the women, NBC San Diego reports. "The only thing I have left is shame and anger." Bollaert often received the images from angry ex-boyfriends, then posted them and linked each image to a social-media page belonging to the victim. The women received all kinds of comments, from threats to come-ons, and could only have the images taken down by paying up to $350 at another Bollaert site, ChangeMyReputation.com. Bollaert admitted that he made $900 monthly from Web advertising and $30,000 by charging women to have images removed. "I don’t know, dude. Like, it was just fun," read the judge in quoting Bollaert's words to an investigator. "At the beginning it was kind of fun and entertaining, but now it’s kind of ruining my life." True enough: Bollaert will have serve at least half his sentence, pay a $10,000 fine, and $15,000 more to his victims, the LA Times reports.
Original Summary: Kevin Bollaert, 28, was sentenced to 18 years in prison for operating a "revenge porn" website, UGotPosted.com, where he posted thousands of private photos of women without their consent and charged them to remove them. Victims testified in court about the emotional distress they experienced after their private photos were shared without their consent, with one woman describing the pain as "un describable" and another saying she was left with only shame and anger.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The man behind a "revenge porn" website was sentenced yesterday to 18 years in prison for posting thousands of private photos and charging women to have them removed, the San Diego Union-Tribune reports. Kevin Bollaert, 28, was convicted last month of 27 felony counts—21 for identity theft and six for extortion—but still claimed during sentencing that he ran the now-defunct UGotPosted.com without knowing it was illegal. A prosecutor disagreed, saying "this man was told time and time again, 'You are ruining my life.'" Indeed, victims testified in a San Diego courtroom to the pain they had endured: "It's just broken me on a level that's not describable," said one of the women, NBC San Diego reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "The only thing I have left is shame and anger." Bollaert often received the images from angry ex-boyfriends, then posted them and linked each image to a social-media page belonging to the victim. The women received all kinds of comments, from threats to come-ons, and could only have the images taken down by paying up to $350 at another Bollaert site, ChangeMyReputation. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.com. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. Bollaert admitted that he made $900 monthly from Web advertising and $30,000 by charging women to have images removed. "I don’t know, dude. Like, it was just fun," read the judge in quoting Bollaert's words to an investigator. "At the beginning it was kind of fun and entertaining, but now it’s kind of ruining my life." True enough: Bollaert will have serve at least half his sentence, pay a $10,000 fine, and $15,000 more to his victims, the LA Times reports.
Injected Summary: Kevin Bollaert, 28, was sentenced to 18 years in prison for operating a "revenge porn" website, UGotPosted.com, where he posted thousands of private photos of women without their consent and charged them to remove them. Bollaert was convicted of 27 felony counts, including identity theft and extortion, and will serve at least half of his sentence.
Original Story: – Ending Egypt's brutal police state was a major reason behind the country's 2011 revolution, but as violence on the streets continues, the country now seems to be returning back to that very era. The interim government has just revived two policies emblematic of the widely hated pre-Morsi regime: a law that allows soldiers to arrest civilians, and the resurrection of the country's secret police unit, reports the Wall Street Journal. "It's a return to the Mubarak era," says an Egyptian human rights activist, per the Guardian. "These units committed the most atrocious human rights violations. Incommunicado detentions, killings outside the law. ... It's an ugly authority that has never been brought to justice." The feared state security service, Mabahith Amn ad-Dawla, was supposedly closed in 2011 and replaced by the national security service. But following a government crackdown on protesters on the weekend which left dozens of pro-Morsi supporters dead, the government announced its return, the Guardian reports. However, some say these secret police never really went away—the current civil unrest just allows leaders to give their image a makeover. "The only thing that happened was that they changed the name," says an Egyptian security researcher. "[The interior minister is] trying to use a situation where the factors on the ground make it easier to re-legitimize these units and police practices." Meanwhile, deposed president Mohamed Morsi met in secret with an EU envoy last night.
Original Summary: The interim government in Egypt has revived two policies from the pre-Morsi regime, including a law that allows soldiers to arrest civilians and the resurrection of the state security service, despite promises to move away from the Mubarak era. The return of these policies has been met with concern from human rights activists, who fear a return to the atrocious human rights violations committed by these units in the past.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Ending Egypt's brutal police state was a major reason behind the country's 2011 revolution, but as violence on the streets continues, the country now seems to be returning back to that very era. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The interim government has just revived two policies emblematic of the widely hated pre-Morsi regime: a law that allows soldiers to arrest civilians, and the resurrection of the country's secret police unit, reports the Wall Street Journal. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "It's a return to the Mubarak era," says an Egyptian human rights activist, per the Guardian. "These units committed the most atrocious human rights violations. Incommunicado detentions, killings outside the law. . It's an ugly authority that has never been brought to justice." The feared state security service, Mabahith Amn ad-Dawla, was supposedly closed in 2011 and replaced by the national security service. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. But following a government crackdown on protesters on the weekend which left dozens of pro-Morsi supporters dead, the government announced its return, the Guardian reports. However, some say these secret police never really went away—the current civil unrest just allows leaders to give their image a makeover. "The only thing that happened was that they changed the name," says an Egyptian security researcher. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. "[The interior minister is] trying to use a situation where the factors on the ground make it easier to re-legitimize these units and police practices." Meanwhile, deposed president Mohamed Morsi met in secret with an EU envoy last night.
Injected Summary: The interim government in Egypt has revived two policies from the widely hated pre-Morsi regime, including a law that allows soldiers to arrest civilians and the resurrection of the country's secret police unit, despite promises to move away from the Mubarak era. The government's actions have led to concerns that Egypt is returning to its brutal police state, with some saying that the secret police never really went away and were simply given a makeover.
Original Story: – It was, says Politico, "the ugliest debate in American history." But who actually won the insult-filled affair? Some assessments: Chris Cillizza, Washington Post: He's got Clinton in his "winners" category because "she went into this debate with massive momentum in the race—much of it caused by Trump's stumbles—and didn't make any sort of glaring error that would allow the Republican back into the contest." Trump, meanwhile, "was much more solid and energetic in this debate than in the previous tilt." But he lost because while he pleased his base, "we know from polling that his base isn't nearly large enough to win an election." Andrew Sullivan, New York: "I’m horrified to say that Trump will survive this, even though he absolutely shouldn’t. I suspect this performance will prevent a total meltdown in his campaign. His Breitbart-style attacks on Clinton will have riled up his base. Her defensive rebuttals were not crude enough to hit home. ... He may still win this election." Guy Benson, Townhall: “He improved, exceeded expectations, decisively won several exchanges. She could have landed a death blow tonight and did not." Anthony Zurcher, BBC: Clinton "has to view this as an opportunity missed. Her supporters were hoping for a political kill shot that would push Mr Trump's remaining supporters toward the exit and turn the last month of the campaign into a glorified mop-up operation," but it never arrived. Van Jones, CNN (via Mediaite): He thinks Trump won the debate but views that as a larger win for Clinton. "The worst possible outcome for Hillary Clinton would have been if she had knocked him out. If she had knocked him out and forced him out of the race, the Republican Party could rally and get somebody else in there." Alexander Burns, New York Times: Clinton survived the "nuclear attack" of the assault against her husband. And "if Mr. Trump steadied himself as the night went on, he never showed a side of himself that might surprise voters and transform their overwhelmingly negative views of him." San Diego Union-Tribune editorial board: "Trump not only seemed to slow the bleeding, he might have stopped it. ... Will this stem GOP defections? Maybe. Will this win over voters concerned about his temperament and suitability as commander-in-chief? Maybe not." This Muslim American Life author Moustafa Bayoumi: "I'm a Muslim, and I would like to report a crazy man threatening a woman on a stage in Missouri." A YouGov poll done in the immediate aftermath had Clinton winning 47% to 42%.
Original Summary: Hillary Clinton survived a debate against Donald Trump that was described as the "ugliest in American history" and may have even won it, according to some assessments, despite Trump's attacks on her husband and her own defensive rebuttals. However, Trump's performance may have helped him stem the bleeding of support among his base, and it remains to be seen if Clinton can convert her debate performance into a larger victory in the election.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– It was, says Politico, "the ugliest debate in American history." But who actually won the insult-filled affair? Some assessments: Chris Cillizza, Washington Post: He's got Clinton in his "winners" category because "she went into this debate with massive momentum in the race—much of it caused by Trump's stumbles—and didn't make any sort of glaring error that would allow the Republican back into the contest." Trump, meanwhile, "was much more solid and energetic in this debate than in the previous tilt." But he lost because while he pleased his base, "we know from polling that his base isn't nearly large enough to win an election." Andrew Sullivan, New York: "I’m horrified to say that Trump will survive this, even though he absolutely shouldn’t. I suspect this performance will prevent a total meltdown in his campaign. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. His Breitbart-style attacks on Clinton will have riled up his base. Her defensive rebuttals were not crude enough to hit home. . He may still win this election." Guy Benson, Townhall: “He improved, exceeded expectations, decisively won several exchanges. She could have landed a death blow tonight and did not." Anthony Zurcher, BBC: Clinton "has to view this as an opportunity missed. Her supporters were hoping for a political kill shot that would push Mr Trump's remaining supporters toward the exit and turn the last month of the campaign into a glorified mop-up operation," but it never arrived. Van Jones, CNN (via Mediaite): He thinks Trump won the debate but views that as a larger win for Clinton. "The worst possible outcome for Hillary Clinton would have been if she had knocked him out. If she had knocked him out and forced him out of the race, the Republican Party could rally and get somebody else in there." Alexander Burns, New York Times: Clinton survived the "nuclear attack" of the assault against her husband. And "if Mr. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Trump steadied himself as the night went on, he never showed a side of himself that might surprise voters and transform their overwhelmingly negative views of him." San Diego Union-Tribune editorial board: "Trump not only seemed to slow the bleeding, he might have stopped it. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. . Will this stem GOP defections? Maybe. Will this win over voters concerned about his temperament and suitability as commander-in-chief? Maybe not." This Muslim American Life author Moustafa Bayoumi: "I'm a Muslim, and I would like to report a crazy man threatening a woman on a stage in Missouri." A YouGov poll done in the immediate aftermath had Clinton winning 47% to 42%.
Injected Summary: Hillary Clinton survived a debate attack from Donald Trump, who used insults and personal attacks to try to gain an advantage. Despite Trump's efforts, Clinton maintained her composure and may have even gained ground, as a post-debate poll showed her leading by 5 percentage points.
Original Story: – Wall Street gave McDonald's a little kick today after the global fast-food giant posted some of its worst numbers in over a decade, USA Today reports. The problem, oddly, may be that its food is too fast. First, the numbers: The company's November sales fell by 4.5% domestically and 2.2% globally at stores in business for at least 13 months, prompting its stock to sink almost 4% today. The domestic fall is its worst in same-store sales in more than 10 years; the global slide is worse than the 1.7% analysts expected. Now, the food: The tumble comes a day after McDonald's announced a plan to widen its program to customize burgers, which currently exists at just four Southern California locations. By next year, customers at 2,000 US locations should be able to choose higher-quality burgers at "tablet-like kiosks" and add gourmet toppings like grilled vegetables, eggs, and smoked bacon—all part of an attempt to attract younger customers who like customizing their meals at places like Five Guys, Panera, and Chipotle, Entrepreneur and the Financial Post report. But the cost with a drink and fries will rise to about $8.29, and such burgers take longer to cook, making them impractical at drive-thrus, where McDonald's conducts up to 70% of its sales. All of this puts "intense pressure" on CEO Don Thompson to "right the ship," reports USA Today. "We haven’t been changing at the same rate as our customers’ eating-out expectations," says Thompson.
Original Summary: McDonald's reported its worst same-store sales in over a decade, with a 4.5% domestic decline and 2.2% global decline, prompting a 3.8% drop in stock value. The company's attempt to customize burgers at 2,000 US locations may be hindering its drive-thru business, as higher-quality burgers take longer to cook and increase costs to around $8.29 with a drink and fries.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Wall Street gave McDonald's a little kick today after the global fast-food giant posted some of its worst numbers in over a decade, USA Today reports. The problem, oddly, may be that its food is too fast. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. First, the numbers: The company's November sales fell by 4.5% domestically and 2.2% globally at stores in business for at least 13 months, prompting its stock to sink almost 4% today. The domestic fall is its worst in same-store sales in more than 10 years; the global slide is worse than the 1.7% analysts expected. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Now, the food: The tumble comes a day after McDonald's announced a plan to widen its program to customize burgers, which currently exists at just four Southern California locations. By next year, customers at 2,000 US locations should be able to choose higher-quality burgers at "tablet-like kiosks" and add gourmet toppings like grilled vegetables, eggs, and smoked bacon—all part of an attempt to attract younger customers who like customizing their meals at places like Five Guys, Panera, and Chipotle, Entrepreneur and the Financial Post report. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. But the cost with a drink and fries will rise to about $8.29, and such burgers take longer to cook, making them impractical at drive-thrus, where McDonald's conducts up to 70% of its sales. All of this puts "intense pressure" on CEO Don Thompson to "right the ship," reports USA Today. "We haven’t been changing at the same rate as our customers’ eating-out expectations," says Thompson. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: McDonald's reported its worst same-store sales in over a decade, with a 4.5% domestic decline and 2.2% global drop. The company's attempt to customize burgers at 2,000 US locations may be hindered by the fact that higher-quality burgers take longer to cook and are less practical for drive-thru service, which accounts for 70% of McDonald's sales.
Original Story: – Is FedEx a drug trafficker? Federal prosecutors think so; yesterday they slapped the shipping company with a 15-count indictment, alleging that it knowingly shipped drugs for illegal online pharmacies, the Wall Street Journal reports. According to the indictment, FedEx even set up a special "Online Pharmacy Credit Policy" to ensure it kept getting paid if law enforcement shut these businesses down. "Many of these companies operate outside federal and state regulations over the sale of controlled drugs," the company told its managers in a memo explaining the policy. Prosecutors say FedEx also knew that it was delivering to addicts—some of whom would allegedly stop trucks on the road to demand their pills, Bloomberg reports. In one case, when a customer's license was suspended, FedEx allegedly told it that service could continue, as long as the pharmacy increased its payments. If convicted, FedEx faces at least $1.6 billion in fines—or about twice the $820 million it allegedly made shipping the drugs. But FedEx is vigorously denying wrongdoing, saying that the government is unfairly asking it to inspect packages, and that it failed to provide a list of pharmacies to avoid. "We are a transportation company—we are not law enforcement," one executive says.
Original Summary: Federal prosecutors have indicted FedEx on 15 counts of knowingly shipping drugs for illegal online pharmacies, including a "Online Pharmacy Credit Policy" to ensure payment despite law enforcement shutdowns. FedEx is denying wrongdoing, arguing that it is a transportation company and not law enforcement, but faces potential fines of $1.6 billion if convicted.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Is FedEx a drug trafficker?. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Federal prosecutors think so; yesterday they slapped the shipping company with a 15-count indictment, alleging that it knowingly shipped drugs for illegal online pharmacies, the Wall Street Journal reports. According to the indictment, FedEx even set up a special "Online Pharmacy Credit Policy" to ensure it kept getting paid if law enforcement shut these businesses down. "Many of these companies operate outside federal and state regulations over the sale of controlled drugs," the company told its managers in a memo explaining the policy. Prosecutors say FedEx also knew that it was delivering to addicts—some of whom would allegedly stop trucks on the road to demand their pills, Bloomberg reports. In one case, when a customer's license was suspended, FedEx allegedly told it that service could continue, as long as the pharmacy increased its payments. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. If convicted, FedEx faces at least $1.6 billion in fines—or about twice the $820 million it allegedly made shipping the drugs. But FedEx is vigorously denying wrongdoing, saying that the government is unfairly asking it to inspect packages, and that it failed to provide a list of pharmacies to avoid. "We are a transportation company—we are not law enforcement," one executive says. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: Federal prosecutors have indicted FedEx on 15 counts of knowingly shipping drugs for illegal online pharmacies, including a "Online Pharmacy Credit Policy" to ensure payment despite law enforcement shutdowns. FedEx is denying wrongdoing and argues that it is not responsible for inspecting packages, but could face fines of up to $1.6 billion if convicted.
Original Story: – Friends and co-workers warned schoolteacher Melissa Petro that it might not be such a great idea to write about her past as a prostitute, but she did it anyway. Most recently, Melissa Petro wrote about her thoughts on the shutdown of Craigslist's "erotic services" section, which she used for four months, for the Huffington Post. Cue the New York Post's predictably juicy-sounding "exclusive" ("SEXXX ED"), in which outraged parents express their belief that, as one says, "People like that should not be allowed to be anywhere near children." The really odd thing, as New York magazine and Jezebel note, is that Petro has actually been quite open about her past for a while now, penning at least three essays about it in the past few years and even appearing in a video to talk about it. Really, none of her students “Googled their teacher to read about her sexploits” before this? wonders Chris Rovzar. Knowing kids these days, “they did Google her, and they all know about it, and they were just being chill.” Petro has been reassigned pending an investigation.
Original Summary: Melissa Petro, a schoolteacher, wrote about her past as a prostitute for the Huffington Post, sparking outrage from parents who believe she should not be near children. Despite being open about her past for several years, Petro has been reassigned pending an investigation.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Friends and co-workers warned schoolteacher Melissa Petro that it might not be such a great idea to write about her past as a prostitute, but she did it anyway. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Most recently, Melissa Petro wrote about her thoughts on the shutdown of Craigslist's "erotic services" section, which she used for four months, for the Huffington Post. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Cue the New York Post's predictably juicy-sounding "exclusive" ("SEXXX ED"), in which outraged parents express their belief that, as one says, "People like that should not be allowed to be anywhere near children." The really odd thing, as New York magazine and Jezebel note, is that Petro has actually been quite open about her past for a while now, penning at least three essays about it in the past few years and even appearing in a video to talk about it. Really, none of her students “Googled their teacher to read about her sexploits” before this? wonders Chris Rovzar. Knowing kids these days, “they did Google her, and they all know about it, and they were just being chill.” Petro has been reassigned pending an investigation.
Injected Summary: Melissa Petro, a schoolteacher, wrote about her past as a prostitute for the Huffington Post, despite warnings from friends and colleagues. The article sparked outrage among parents, who believe she should not be near children, but Petro has been open about her past in previous essays and videos.
Original Story: – Elijah Wood, who started his movie career with a bit part in Back to the Future II when he was just 8 years old, says Hollywood is rife with pedophiles and he might have been a victim if his mother had been less protective. In a Times of London interview, the Hobbit star compares the abuse to Britain's Jimmy Savile scandal and says young actors were "preyed upon" at parties by powerful figures in the movie industry. "It was all organized," he says. "There are a lot of vipers in this industry, people who only have their own interests in mind." He says victims who attempt to speak out have been "squashed" and have had their lives "irreparably damaged." "There is darkness in the underbelly—if you can imagine it, it's probably happened," says Wood, who says he didn't end up at shady parties because his mother was "far more concerned with raising me to be a good human than facilitating my career." The 35-year-old says he believes the abuse continues to this day. "If you're innocent, you have very little knowledge of the world, and you want to succeed, people with parasitic interests will see you as their prey," he says. The Telegraph reports that according to the co-founder of the BizParentz Foundation, a nonprofit that seeks to improve safety for child actors, there are around 100 active abusers in Hollywood—and a "tsunami" of legal claims is on the way.
Original Summary: Elijah Wood has revealed that he believes there are many pedophiles in Hollywood who prey on young actors, comparing the abuse to the Jimmy Savile scandal in Britain. He claims that victims who speak out are often "squashed" and their lives irreparably damaged, and that the abuse continues to this day, with innocent and naive child actors being seen as prey by those with parasitic interests.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Elijah Wood, who started his movie career with a bit part in Back to the Future II when he was just 8 years old, says Hollywood is rife with pedophiles and he might have been a victim if his mother had been less protective. In a Times of London interview, the Hobbit star compares the abuse to Britain's Jimmy Savile scandal and says young actors were "preyed upon" at parties by powerful figures in the movie industry. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "It was all organized," he says. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "There are a lot of vipers in this industry, people who only have their own interests in mind." He says victims who attempt to speak out have been "squashed" and have had their lives "irreparably damaged." "There is darkness in the underbelly—if you can imagine it, it's probably happened," says Wood, who says he didn't end up at shady parties because his mother was "far more concerned with raising me to be a good human than facilitating my career." The 35-year-old says he believes the abuse continues to this day. "If you're innocent, you have very little knowledge of the world, and you want to succeed, people with parasitic interests will see you as their prey," he says. The Telegraph reports that according to the co-founder of the BizParentz Foundation, a nonprofit that seeks to improve safety for child actors, there are around 100 active abusers in Hollywood—and a "tsunami" of legal claims is on the way. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: Elijah Wood has revealed that he believes there are many pedophiles in Hollywood who prey on young actors, comparing the abuse to the Jimmy Savile scandal in Britain. He claims that victims who speak out are often "squashed" and their lives irreparably damaged, and that there are around 100 active abusers in the industry.
Original Story: – Looks like the brouhaha over Phil Robertson's anti-gay comments last year didn't convince the Duck Dynasty star to start censoring himself. In video from an Easter Sunday sermon just obtained by TMZ and Radar, Robertson is taped singing the same tune: "The wicked will not inherit the kingdom of God ... Neither the sexually immoral, nor the idolators, nor adulterers, nor male prostitutes, nor homosexual offenders, nor thieves, nor greedy, nor drunkards, nor slanderers, nor swindlers will inherit the kingdom of God." Radar has the full sermon.
Original Summary: Phil Robertson is still expressing his anti-gay views in a recent Easter Sunday sermon, despite the backlash he faced last year. In the sermon, he lists a series of behaviors that he believes will not lead to inheriting the kingdom of God, including homosexuality.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Looks like the brouhaha over Phil Robertson's anti-gay comments last year didn't convince the Duck Dynasty star to start censoring himself. In video from an Easter Sunday sermon just obtained by TMZ and Radar, Robertson is taped singing the same tune: "The wicked will not inherit the kingdom of God . Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Neither the sexually immoral, nor the idolators, nor adulterers, nor male prostitutes, nor homosexual offenders, nor thieves, nor greedy, nor drunkards, nor slanderers, nor swindlers will inherit the kingdom of God." Radar has the full sermon.
Injected Summary: Phil Robertson, despite controversy over his anti-gay comments last year, continues to preach against homosexuality in a recent Easter Sunday sermon, citing biblical verses that list various sins that will not inherit the kingdom of God. In the sermon, Robertson emphasizes that neither homosexuality nor other sins will lead to salvation.
Original Story: – Federal authorities arrested an ex-TSA employee just before midnight last night, on suspicion that he'd made terrorist threats against Los Angeles International Airport. Nna Alpha Onuoha, 29, resigned his post as a screener yesterday, the LA Times reports, leaving behind a "suspicious package." That package turned out to be harmless, containing only an eight-page letter complaining about a recent suspension. But later that day he allegedly called the TSA and told them to evacuate certain LAX terminals. Police did so, but found no threat. Federal authorities then searched Onuoha's apartment and found a note taped in his closet with what an FBI spokesperson called "an unspecified threat citing the 9/11/13 anniversary." They then arrested Onuoha. So what was Onuoha originally suspended over? A source tells the Times that Onuoha was the agent suspended in June for berating a 15-year-old flier over her clothing—a 15-year-old who happened to be the daughter of BoingBoing founder Mark Frauenfelder. "You're only 15, COVER YOURSELF!" Frauenfelder quoted the agent as saying. The TSA issued an apology and promised to review the incident.
Original Summary: An ex-TSA employee, Nna Alpha Onuoha, was arrested on suspicion of making terrorist threats against Los Angeles International Airport after he resigned and left a suspicious package, which turned out to be harmless, and then allegedly called the TSA to evacuate certain terminals. Onuoha was originally suspended in June for berating a 15-year-old flier, the daughter of a well-known blogger, for not covering herself properly.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Federal authorities arrested an ex-TSA employee just before midnight last night, on suspicion that he'd made terrorist threats against Los Angeles International Airport. Nna Alpha Onuoha, 29, resigned his post as a screener yesterday, the LA Times reports, leaving behind a "suspicious package." That package turned out to be harmless, containing only an eight-page letter complaining about a recent suspension. But later that day he allegedly called the TSA and told them to evacuate certain LAX terminals. Police did so, but found no threat. Federal authorities then searched Onuoha's apartment and found a note taped in his closet with what an FBI spokesperson called "an unspecified threat citing the 9/11/13 anniversary. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." They then arrested Onuoha. So what was Onuoha originally suspended over? A source tells the Times that Onuoha was the agent suspended in June for berating a 15-year-old flier over her clothing—a 15-year-old who happened to be the daughter of BoingBoing founder Mark Frauenfelder. "You're only 15, COVER YOURSELF. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.!" Frauenfelder quoted the agent as saying. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. The TSA issued an apology and promised to review the incident.
Injected Summary: An ex-TSA employee, Nna Alpha Onuoha, was arrested on suspicion of making terrorist threats against Los Angeles International Airport after he resigned and left a suspicious package, which turned out to be harmless, and then allegedly called the TSA to evacuate certain terminals. Onuoha was originally suspended in June for berating a 15-year-old flier, the daughter of BoingBoing founder Mark Frauenfelder, for not covering herself properly.
Original Story: – More than 11,300 abandoned, untested rape kits were found in a Detroit Police Department storage unit in 2009—and now Erykah Badu is helping to finish getting them tested. Around 10,000 of them have been tested so far, and the singer will donate funds from her Aug. 12 concert in Detroit toward getting the rest tested—and their results investigated. Badu's donations are going to the African American 490 Challenge, so named because testing costs $490 per kit, the Detroit Free Press reports. Per the Detroit Metro Times, AA490 (which is a partner of Enough SAID, a Michigan Women's Foundation campaign working to get the kits tested) is still looking to raise $14 million—$657,090 to get the rest of the kits tested, plus $2 million per year for a cold case unit to investigate and prosecute any rape cases that result. "This is a huge day for Enough SAID/AA490," says Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy, who has been working to get the kits tested for years. "Everyone knows that Erykah Badu is a major, major talent in the music and song-writing industry. For her to lend her name, talent, and time to this work is nothing short of a miracle. Justice for these forgotten sexual assault victims has been given a phenomenal assist." Worthy has already put together a county prosecution team that will be solely focused on investigating rapes connected to the kits. "It should come as no surprise that an artist with Erykah Badu's impressive history of social consciousness would join forces with the black women leaders of Detroit to address this important social issue," says the president of AA490. Badu's goal is to raise $50,000 from the concert, $5 per ticket purchased plus proceeds from pre- and post-concert receptions.
Original Summary: Erykah Badu is donating funds from her Detroit concert to test over 10,000 abandoned rape kits, with the goal of investigating and prosecuting resulting rape cases. The singer's donation will go towards the African American 490 Challenge, which aims to raise $14 million for testing and investigating the kits.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– More than 11,300 abandoned, untested rape kits were found in a Detroit Police Department storage unit in 2009—and now Erykah Badu is helping to finish getting them tested. Around 10,000 of them have been tested so far, and the singer will donate funds from her Aug. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. 12 concert in Detroit toward getting the rest tested—and their results investigated. Badu's donations are going to the African American 490 Challenge, so named because testing costs $490 per kit, the Detroit Free Press reports. Per the Detroit Metro Times, AA490 (which is a partner of Enough SAID, a Michigan Women's Foundation campaign working to get the kits tested) is still looking to raise $14 million—$657,090 to get the rest of the kits tested, plus $2 million per year for a cold case unit to investigate and prosecute any rape cases that result. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "This is a huge day for Enough SAID/AA490," says Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy, who has been working to get the kits tested for years. "Everyone knows that Erykah Badu is a major, major talent in the music and song-writing industry. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. For her to lend her name, talent, and time to this work is nothing short of a miracle. Justice for these forgotten sexual assault victims has been given a phenomenal assist." Worthy has already put together a county prosecution team that will be solely focused on investigating rapes connected to the kits. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. "It should come as no surprise that an artist with Erykah Badu's impressive history of social consciousness would join forces with the black women leaders of Detroit to address this important social issue," says the president of AA490. Badu's goal is to raise $50,000 from the concert, $5 per ticket purchased plus proceeds from pre- and post-concert receptions.
Injected Summary: Erykah Badu is donating funds from her concert in Detroit to test over 10,000 untested rape kits found in a police storage unit, with the goal of investigating and prosecuting related rape cases. The singer's donation will go towards the African American 490 Challenge, which aims to raise $14 million to test the remaining kits and establish a cold case unit to investigate and prosecute rape cases.
Original Story: – The unemployment rate fell to 8.1% in April, the lowest it’s been since January 2009, the Wall Street Journal reports. But that still gets an "ouch" from blogger Steven Russolillo since just 115,000 jobs were added, when as many as 168,000 had been expected. "It fell below expectations and even came in under the so-called 'whisper numbers,'" which were around 125,000, he writes. Plus, Paul Vigna adds, the unemployment rate has fallen in part because more people are "dropping out of the labor force," with the participation rate falling to 63.6%. The better news: Jobs for March and February were both revised upward, to 154,000 and 259,000, respectively. Even so, the AP points out, this is the second consecutive month of slow hiring, proving that the economy is still weak.
Original Summary: The unemployment rate fell to 8.1% in April, the lowest since January 2009, but the addition of only 115,000 jobs fell short of expectations, with the participation rate also declining. Despite revisions to previous months' job numbers, the slow hiring pace in April suggests the economy is still weak.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The unemployment rate fell to 8.1% in April, the lowest it’s been since January 2009, the Wall Street Journal reports. But that still gets an "ouch" from blogger Steven Russolillo since just 115,000 jobs were added, when as many as 168,000 had been expected. "It fell below expectations and even came in under the so-called 'whisper numbers,'" which were around 125,000, he writes. Plus, Paul Vigna adds, the unemployment rate has fallen in part because more people are "dropping out of the labor force," with the participation rate falling to 63. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.6%. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The better news: Jobs for March and February were both revised upward, to 154,000 and 259,000, respectively. Even so, the AP points out, this is the second consecutive month of slow hiring, proving that the economy is still weak.
Injected Summary: The unemployment rate fell to 8.1% in April, the lowest since January 2009, but the addition of only 115,000 jobs fell short of expectations of 168,000, with the participation rate also declining. Despite the revisions of jobs for March and February, the slow hiring in the past two months suggests the economy is still weak.
Original Story: – Well, it seems Donald Trump isn't going anywhere. Also not going anywhere: Martin Shkreli, who took the opportunity of Trump's victory to release some unheard Wu-Tang tracks. As part of his national troll tour, Complex reports the infamous pharma bro bought the only existing copy of Wu-Tang Clan's Once Upon a Time in Shaolin for $2 million. Shkreli openly mused about destroying the record so no one could hear it, then got into a fight with RZA and Ghostface Killah over it. Eventually, he promised to release it if Trump was elected, according to Pitchfork. Surprisingly true to his word, Shkreli started live-streaming himself listening to snippets from Once Upon a Time in Shaolin just hours after Trump's victory, Cnet reports. Three clips are available to watch here, here, and here. Shkreli says he didn't actually expect Trump (who he may or may not have endorsed) to win. He says he now needs to negotiate with the Wu-Tang Clan in order to release the album in any real way. The contract for purchasing Once Upon a Time in Shaolin reportedly prohibits the buyer from sharing it for 88 years.
Original Summary: Martin Shkreli, the infamous pharma bro, purchased the only existing copy of Wu-Tang Clan's "Once Upon a Time in Shaolin" for $2 million and initially planned to destroy it. However, he later changed his mind and started live-streaming himself listening to snippets from the album after Donald Trump's election victory.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Well, it seems Donald Trump isn't going anywhere. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Also not going anywhere: Martin Shkreli, who took the opportunity of Trump's victory to release some unheard Wu-Tang tracks. As part of his national troll tour, Complex reports the infamous pharma bro bought the only existing copy of Wu-Tang Clan's Once Upon a Time in Shaolin for $2 million. Shkreli openly mused about destroying the record so no one could hear it, then got into a fight with RZA and Ghostface Killah over it. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Eventually, he promised to release it if Trump was elected, according to Pitchfork. Surprisingly true to his word, Shkreli started live-streaming himself listening to snippets from Once Upon a Time in Shaolin just hours after Trump's victory, Cnet reports. Three clips are available to watch here, here, and here. Shkreli says he didn't actually expect Trump (who he may or may not have endorsed) to win. He says he now needs to negotiate with the Wu-Tang Clan in order to release the album in any real way. The contract for purchasing Once Upon a Time in Shaolin reportedly prohibits the buyer from sharing it for 88 years.
Injected Summary: Martin Shkreli, the pharma bro, purchased the only existing copy of Wu-Tang Clan's "Once Upon a Time in Shaolin" for $2 million and initially planned to destroy it, but instead started live-streaming himself listening to snippets of the album after Donald Trump's election victory. The contract for the album prohibits the buyer from sharing it for 88 years.
Original Story: – At about the size of a quarter, these little guys aren't the robot overlords of sci-fi lore, but they're pretty impressive all the same. Harvard researchers programmed 1,024 of the "kilobots" to work in tandem with each other to form complex shapes, a feat being hailed as the biggest robot swarm ever created, reports the Wall Street Journal. The development—inspired by collaborations in nature by the likes of bees, ants, and birds—is detailed in Science and is nothing short of "engineering majesty," a roboticist at Rice University not involved with the research tells the Boston Globe. Each tiny robot has a battery, a sensor to detect where fellow robots are, and three vibrating legs on which it moves. Lead researcher Mike Rubenstein explains that he draws up a pattern on a computer, beams it to all the robots at once, and off they go. No one robot is in charge. "The only thing they have to go on, to make decisions, is what their neighbors are doing," he tells the BBC. Possible applications in the future include everything from oil-spill cleanups to the exploration of planets. Rubenstein's one regret might be the name "kilobot," a play off kilobyte. "Unfortunately, it sounds like they're 'killerbots,' which ... we don't intend for them to be killing anyone," he tells NPR. (Click to read about another robot that can fold itself up and walk off.)
Original Summary: Harvard researchers have created a swarm of 1,024 tiny robots, each about the size of a quarter, that can work together to form complex shapes and patterns. The robots, called "kilobots," are programmed to move based on the movements of their neighbors and have possible applications in the future such as oil-spill cleanups and planetary exploration.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– At about the size of a quarter, these little guys aren't the robot overlords of sci-fi lore, but they're pretty impressive all the same. Harvard researchers programmed 1,024 of the "kilobots" to work in tandem with each other to form complex shapes, a feat being hailed as the biggest robot swarm ever created, reports the Wall Street Journal. The development—inspired by collaborations in nature by the likes of bees, ants, and birds—is detailed in Science and is nothing short of "engineering majesty," a roboticist at Rice University not involved with the research tells the Boston Globe. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Each tiny robot has a battery, a sensor to detect where fellow robots are, and three vibrating legs on which it moves. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Lead researcher Mike Rubenstein explains that he draws up a pattern on a computer, beams it to all the robots at once, and off they go. No one robot is in charge. "The only thing they have to go on, to make decisions, is what their neighbors are doing," he tells the BBC. Possible applications in the future include everything from oil-spill cleanups to the exploration of planets. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Rubenstein's one regret might be the name "kilobot," a play off kilobyte. "Unfortunately, it sounds like they're 'killerbots,' which . we don't intend for them to be killing anyone," he tells NPR. (Click to read about another robot that can fold itself up and walk off.)
Injected Summary: Researchers at Harvard have created a swarm of 1,024 tiny robots, each about the size of a quarter, that can work together to form complex shapes and patterns. The robots, called "kilobots," are programmed to move and respond to their surroundings based on the actions of their neighbors, and have possible applications in fields such as oil-spill cleanups and planetary exploration.
Original Story: – Chris Christie's bridge scandal may have just gotten a lot bigger: One of the key figures in the mess now insists that the New Jersey governor knew about the lane closures on the George Washington Bridge as they were happening, reports the New York Times. In a newly released letter, the attorney for former Port Authority official David Wildstein says "evidence exists as well tying Mr. Christie to having knowledge of the lane closures, during the period when the lanes were closed, contrary to what the governor stated publicly." (At a press conference earlier this month, Christie said, "I had no knowledge of this—of the planning, the execution or anything about it—and that I first found out about it after it was over,” recounts the Star-Ledger.) In a statement late this afternoon, Christie's office downplayed the letter's significance: “Mr. Wildstein’s lawyer confirms what the governor has said all along: He had absolutely no prior knowledge of the lane closures before they happened and whatever Mr. Wildstein’s motivations were for closing them to begin with. As the governor said in a December 13th press conference, he only first learned lanes were closed when it was reported by the press and, as he said in his January 9th press conference, had no indication that this was anything other than a traffic study until he read otherwise the morning of January 8th." The letter, meanwhile, states that Wildstein "contests the accuracy of various statements that the governor made about him and he can prove the inaccuracy of some." The development is significant because it's the first time a Christie insider "has implicated the governor directly to the scandal," observes the Bergen Record. The lawyer wrote the letter to the Port Authority to protest its decision not to pay Wildstein's legal bills, but the Times says it is "clearly meant as a threat to the governor." Wildstein, who oversaw the lane closings, refused last month to answer lawmakers' questions about the scandal.
Original Summary: A letter from David Wildstein's attorney suggests that Chris Christie may have had knowledge of the George Washington Bridge lane closures as they were happening, contradicting Christie's previous statements that he had no prior knowledge. The letter implies that Wildstein has evidence to dispute Christie's claims and is threatening to reveal this information, which could potentially implicate the governor directly in the scandal.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Chris Christie's bridge scandal may have just gotten a lot bigger: One of the key figures in the mess now insists that the New Jersey governor knew about the lane closures on the George Washington Bridge as they were happening, reports the New York Times. In a newly released letter, the attorney for former Port Authority official David Wildstein says "evidence exists as well tying Mr. Christie to having knowledge of the lane closures, during the period when the lanes were closed, contrary to what the governor stated publicly. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." (At a press conference earlier this month, Christie said, "I had no knowledge of this—of the planning, the execution or anything about it—and that I first found out about it after it was over,” recounts the Star-Ledger.) In a statement late this afternoon, Christie's office downplayed the letter's significance: “Mr. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Wildstein’s lawyer confirms what the governor has said all along: He had absolutely no prior knowledge of the lane closures before they happened and whatever Mr. Wildstein’s motivations were for closing them to begin with. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. As the governor said in a December 13th press conference, he only first learned lanes were closed when it was reported by the press and, as he said in his January 9th press conference, had no indication that this was anything other than a traffic study until he read otherwise the morning of January 8th." The letter, meanwhile, states that Wildstein "contests the accuracy of various statements that the governor made about him and he can prove the inaccuracy of some. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis." The development is significant because it's the first time a Christie insider "has implicated the governor directly to the scandal," observes the Bergen Record. The lawyer wrote the letter to the Port Authority to protest its decision not to pay Wildstein's legal bills, but the Times says it is "clearly meant as a threat to the governor." Wildstein, who oversaw the lane closings, refused last month to answer lawmakers' questions about the scandal.
Injected Summary: A letter from David Wildstein's lawyer suggests that Chris Christie knew about the lane closures on the George Washington Bridge as they were happening, contradicting the governor's previous statements. This development is significant as it is the first time a Christie insider has implicated the governor directly in the scandal.
Original Story: – The nuclear deal struck with Iran last night is either "a triumph," or something we shouldn't be all that excited about just yet. Dueling columnists weigh in: Guess what: The deal is exactly what President Obama was going for, an agreement that—when details were leaked a few weeks ago—no one thought Iran would agree to, writes Fred Kaplan at Slate. The interim agreement requires Iran to stop enriching uranium above 5%, freeze the stockpile of uranium enriched to 3.5%, neutralize the stockpile enriched to 20% so it cannot be used for weapons, halt work on centrifuges and enrichment facilities, permit more and better inspections, and more. "The agreement makes it impossible for the Iranians to make any further progress toward making a nuclear weapon in the next six months—and, if the talks break down after that, and the Iranians decide at that point to start building a nuclear arsenal, it will take them much longer to do so." Kaplan calls it "a triumph," adding that only a very small percentage of the sanctions on Iran will be freed up in exchange. It's a first step "rife with historic possibilities."  On Politico, Aaron David Miller takes a more wary approach. Yes, this deal could end up being a "historic" part of US-Iran relations, but "we should be careful about putting on the party hats and breaking out the champagne—at least for now, anyway." He lays out five reasons why. Among them: Israel isn't happy with the deal, which could make for "a diplomatic trainwreck." But perhaps the most serious problem: In Miller's opinion, the deal doesn't go far enough to put the brakes on Iran's nuclear program (it should have "limit[ed] centrifuges and [sought] ironclad assurances that Iran can’t reconvert its enriched uranium stockpile into useable material"), meaning we must consider the consequences if a comprehensive accord is not reached within the six-month limit—which it likely won't be. "We need to be honest with ourselves about what’s achievable."
Original Summary: The nuclear deal struck with Iran last night is a "triumph" according to Fred Kaplan at Slate, as it requires Iran to halt enrichment and freeze its stockpile of enriched uranium, while allowing for more inspections and potentially limiting its nuclear program. However, Aaron David Miller at Politico takes a more cautious approach, highlighting that the deal may not go far enough to address Iran's nuclear program and could lead to a "diplomatic trainwreck" if Israel is not on board.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The nuclear deal struck with Iran last night is either "a triumph," or something we shouldn't be all that excited about just yet. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Dueling columnists weigh in: Guess what: The deal is exactly what President Obama was going for, an agreement that—when details were leaked a few weeks ago—no one thought Iran would agree to, writes Fred Kaplan at Slate. The interim agreement requires Iran to stop enriching uranium above 5%, freeze the stockpile of uranium enriched to 3.5%, neutralize the stockpile enriched to 20% so it cannot be used for weapons, halt work on centrifuges and enrichment facilities, permit more and better inspections, and more. "The agreement makes it impossible for the Iranians to make any further progress toward making a nuclear weapon in the next six months—and, if the talks break down after that, and the Iranians decide at that point to start building a nuclear arsenal, it will take them much longer to do so. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." Kaplan calls it "a triumph," adding that only a very small percentage of the sanctions on Iran will be freed up in exchange. It's a first step "rife with historic possibilities."  On Politico, Aaron David Miller takes a more wary approach. Yes, this deal could end up being a "historic" part of US-Iran relations, but "we should be careful about putting on the party hats and breaking out the champagne—at least for now, anyway." He lays out five reasons why. Among them: Israel isn't happy with the deal, which could make for "a diplomatic trainwreck." But perhaps the most serious problem: In Miller's opinion, the deal doesn't go far enough to put the brakes on Iran's nuclear program (it should have "limit[ed] centrifuges and [sought] ironclad assurances that Iran can’t reconvert its enriched uranium stockpile into useable material"), meaning we must consider the consequences if a comprehensive accord is not reached within the six-month limit—which it likely won't be. "We need to be honest with ourselves about what’s achievable. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.". After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: The nuclear deal struck with Iran requires the country to freeze its nuclear program and allow for more inspections, with the goal of preventing Iran from developing a nuclear weapon. However, some critics argue that the deal does not go far enough in limiting Iran's nuclear capabilities, which could lead to problems in the long term.
Original Story: – Japanese air-bag maker Takata now says that 34 million vehicles in the US are potentially defective, a declaration that brings with it two unwanted milestones: It easily will lead to the biggest recall ever in the auto industry and it's on track to overtake the 31 million bottles of Tylenol recalled in 1982 as the biggest consumer recall of any kind, reports the Detroit News. (Further testing could reduce the figure of 34 million, notes the New York Times.) Takata finally gave in to pressure from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration over the air bags, which have been linked to six deaths and more than 100 injuries. It might take a few days for the exact models affected to be announced. The bags can explode with so much force that those hit look like stab victims, reports CNN. About 17 million vehicles already have been recalled over the defect. It's not clear what's causing the problem, but high humidity has been suggested as a factor. The company is filing four defect reports with US regulators today that encompass cars made by BMW AG, Fiat Chrysler, Ford, General Motors, Honda, Mazda, Mitsubishi, Nissan, Subaru, Toyota, and Daimler Trucks. The next step will be for automakers to review the findings and make the necessary repairs.
Original Summary: Takata, a Japanese airbag maker, has announced that 34 million vehicles in the US may be affected by a defective airbag inflator that has been linked to six deaths and over 100 injuries. This is on track to become the largest consumer recall of any kind, surpassing the 31 million bottles of Tylenol recalled in 1982.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Japanese air-bag maker Takata now says that 34 million vehicles in the US are potentially defective, a declaration that brings with it two unwanted milestones: It easily will lead to the biggest recall ever in the auto industry and it's on track to overtake the 31 million bottles of Tylenol recalled in 1982 as the biggest consumer recall of any kind, reports the Detroit News. (Further testing could reduce the figure of 34 million, notes the New York Times.) Takata finally gave in to pressure from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration over the air bags, which have been linked to six deaths and more than 100 injuries. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. It might take a few days for the exact models affected to be announced. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The bags can explode with so much force that those hit look like stab victims, reports CNN. About 17 million vehicles already have been recalled over the defect. It's not clear what's causing the problem, but high humidity has been suggested as a factor. The company is filing four defect reports with US regulators today that encompass cars made by BMW AG, Fiat Chrysler, Ford, General Motors, Honda, Mazda, Mitsubishi, Nissan, Subaru, Toyota, and Daimler Trucks. The next step will be for automakers to review the findings and make the necessary repairs. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: Takata, a Japanese airbag manufacturer, has announced that 34 million vehicles in the US may be affected by defective airbags, which have been linked to six deaths and over 100 injuries. The company is filing four defect reports with US regulators, which could lead to the biggest recall in the auto industry's history.
Original Story: – Norway just became the world's biggest tree-hugger. The Independent reports the European country is the first in the world to ban deforestation, following a pledge by its parliament. That means the Norwegian government won't purchase anything that contributes to the destruction of the world's rainforests, especially beef, timber, soy, and palm oil that come from questionable sources, reports the Huffington Post. Instead, Norway will buy them via "deforestation-free supply chains." The production of those four items in seven heavily deforested countries accounts for 40% of global rainforest deforestation, according to Climate Action. (The countries are Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, Indonesia, Malaysia, and Papau New Guinea.) The Rainforest Foundation Norway says the pledge is an "important victory" in the battle to preserve tropical forests and calls on other countries to follow suit. At the current rate of deforestation, the world's rainforests could be gone in a mere 100 years, CNN reports. Advocates say that clear-cutting rainforests not only destroys ecologically important trees, but releases carbon dioxide into the atmosphere when those trees are burned, contributing to climate change. (Eco-conscious Norway may also be banning the sale of gas-powered vehicles within the next decade.)
Original Summary: Norway has become the world's first country to ban deforestation by pledging not to purchase products that contribute to the destruction of rainforests, including beef, timber, soy, and palm oil. This move aims to preserve tropical forests and combat climate change by reducing carbon emissions.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Norway just became the world's biggest tree-hugger. The Independent reports the European country is the first in the world to ban deforestation, following a pledge by its parliament. That means the Norwegian government won't purchase anything that contributes to the destruction of the world's rainforests, especially beef, timber, soy, and palm oil that come from questionable sources, reports the Huffington Post. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Instead, Norway will buy them via "deforestation-free supply chains." The production of those four items in seven heavily deforested countries accounts for 40% of global rainforest deforestation, according to Climate Action. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. (The countries are Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, Indonesia, Malaysia, and Papau New Guinea.) The Rainforest Foundation Norway says the pledge is an "important victory" in the battle to preserve tropical forests and calls on other countries to follow suit. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. At the current rate of deforestation, the world's rainforests could be gone in a mere 100 years, CNN reports. Advocates say that clear-cutting rainforests not only destroys ecologically important trees, but releases carbon dioxide into the atmosphere when those trees are burned, contributing to climate change. (Eco-conscious Norway may also be banning the sale of gas-powered vehicles within the next decade.)
Injected Summary: Norway has become the world's first country to ban deforestation by pledging not to purchase products that contribute to the destruction of rainforests, including beef, timber, soy, and palm oil. This move is seen as an important victory in the battle to preserve tropical forests, with advocates calling on other countries to follow suit to prevent the destruction of ecologically important trees and contribute to climate change.
Original Story: – Democrats are up in arms about what Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer calls a "Friday night document massacre." The Trump administration has told the Senate Judiciary Committee that it plans to withhold around 100,000 pages of records relating to Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh because they are "protected by constitutional privilege," CNN reports. Republicans say they have already produced a record number of documents, though Democrats believe the White House wants to hide records from Kavanaugh's years as George W. Bush's staff secretary. The move is "not only unprecedented in the history of Supreme Court nominations, it has all the makings of a cover-up," Schumer said in a statement. More: "Not normal." Kavanaugh's Senate confirmation hearings begin Tuesday, but the process "is not normal" because so many records are being withheld, says Democratic Sen. Amy Klobuchar, per Slate. She notes that beyond the 100,000 documents President Trump has blocked, there are another 148,000 pages that the GOP-controlled Senate Judiciary Committee has decided can be seen by senators but not the public. She says the papers could "strongly bolster the arguments" Democrats have against Kavanaugh, including his expansive view of presidential power.
Original Summary: The Trump administration has withheld around 100,000 pages of records related to Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh due to "constitutional privilege," according to CNN. This move has sparked outrage among Democrats, who believe the White House is attempting to hide records from Kavanaugh's time as George W. Bush's staff secretary.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Democrats are up in arms about what Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer calls a "Friday night document massacre." The Trump administration has told the Senate Judiciary Committee that it plans to withhold around 100,000 pages of records relating to Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh because they are "protected by constitutional privilege," CNN reports. Republicans say they have already produced a record number of documents, though Democrats believe the White House wants to hide records from Kavanaugh's years as George W. Bush's staff secretary. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The move is "not only unprecedented in the history of Supreme Court nominations, it has all the makings of a cover-up," Schumer said in a statement. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. More: "Not normal. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." Kavanaugh's Senate confirmation hearings begin Tuesday, but the process "is not normal" because so many records are being withheld, says Democratic Sen. Amy Klobuchar, per Slate. She notes that beyond the 100,000 documents President Trump has blocked, there are another 148,000 pages that the GOP-controlled Senate Judiciary Committee has decided can be seen by senators but not the public. She says the papers could "strongly bolster the arguments" Democrats have against Kavanaugh, including his expansive view of presidential power.
Injected Summary: Democrats are criticizing the Trump administration for withholding around 100,000 pages of records related to Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh, citing constitutional privilege. This move is seen as unprecedented and potentially a cover-up, as the documents could provide important information on Kavanaugh's views on presidential power and other issues.
Original Story: – A Detroit EMT has lost her job; a Detroit mother has lost something infinitely more precious. Detroit Police Commissioner Edsel Jenkins on Wednesday announced that Ann Marie Thomas was fired after allegedly refusing to respond to a call made by a mother whose 8-month-old girl had stopped breathing. The child, born premature and on an oxygen machine, was being given CPR by the mother. WDIV has the alleged timeline: It reports that Thomas was 0.9 miles from the home when she was ordered there on May 30; under normal driving conditions that would have been a two-minute drive, but Thomas allegedly took six minutes to get there and reported to dispatchers that she was parked "around the corner from the scene." WDIV reports she allegedly wanted to wait for another crew to arrive. "33, I’m going to need you to make that scene," said the Detroit Fire EMS supervisor, per records obtained by WDIV. "You’re going to have to make patient contact." Per the dispatch records, she didn't, and WDIV cites a report that has Thomas making the following remark: "I'm not about to be on no scene 10 minutes doing CPR, you know how these families get." It took 19 minutes for another crew to arrive. The baby was eventually taken to the hospital but died the next day. No word as to whether criminal charges will be filed, but MLive notes a Detroit police dispatcher was charged with misdemeanor willful neglect of duty two years ago after a woman called 911 six times as an argument turned dangerous; it took more than an hour for the dispatcher to reassign cops to the case. The woman was shot but survived.
Original Summary: An EMT in Detroit, Ann Marie Thomas, was fired after allegedly refusing to respond to a call about an 8-month-old girl who was not breathing and was being given CPR by her mother. According to dispatch records, Thomas took six minutes to arrive at the scene, despite being only 0.9 miles away, and refused to make patient contact, saying she did not want to be on the scene for 10 minutes performing CPR.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A Detroit EMT has lost her job; a Detroit mother has lost something infinitely more precious. Detroit Police Commissioner Edsel Jenkins on Wednesday announced that Ann Marie Thomas was fired after allegedly refusing to respond to a call made by a mother whose 8-month-old girl had stopped breathing. The child, born premature and on an oxygen machine, was being given CPR by the mother. WDIV has the alleged timeline: It reports that Thomas was 0.9 miles from the home when she was ordered there on May 30; under normal driving conditions that would have been a two-minute drive, but Thomas allegedly took six minutes to get there and reported to dispatchers that she was parked "around the corner from the scene." WDIV reports she allegedly wanted to wait for another crew to arrive. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "33, I’m going to need you to make that scene," said the Detroit Fire EMS supervisor, per records obtained by WDIV. "You’re going to have to make patient contact." Per the dispatch records, she didn't, and WDIV cites a report that has Thomas making the following remark: "I'm not about to be on no scene 10 minutes doing CPR, you know how these families get." It took 19 minutes for another crew to arrive. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. The baby was eventually taken to the hospital but died the next day. No word as to whether criminal charges will be filed, but MLive notes a Detroit police dispatcher was charged with misdemeanor willful neglect of duty two years ago after a woman called 911 six times as an argument turned dangerous; it took more than an hour for the dispatcher to reassign cops to the case. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. The woman was shot but survived.
Injected Summary: An EMT in Detroit, Ann Marie Thomas, was fired after allegedly refusing to respond to a call about an 8-month-old baby who was not breathing and was being given CPR by the child's mother. The baby later died the next day.
Original Story: – The Koch brothers are fighting back against the perception (at least on the left) that they're evil personified. The latest salvo comes via a lengthy profile in the Weekly Standard, which argues that the brothers behind Koch Industries are "demonized" by liberals who see them as "convenient scapegoats." Remember that prank phone call between a fake David Koch and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker? No wonder Walker didn't recognize Koch, writes Matthew Continetti—they'd never spoken before. Yet Koch was portrayed as pulling all the strings. "The press attacked me rather than the guy who impersonated me!" complains David. "And I was criticized as someone who’s got a death grip on the governor and his policies. And that I control him—I mean, that’s insane!” The article says the brothers were content to remain low-key until President Obama's policies raised a national debate about the size and scope of government. (The smaller the better, as far they're concerned.) Of note: David Koch on Obama: “He’s the most radical president we’ve ever had as a nation and has done more damage to the free enterprise system and long-term prosperity than any president we’ve ever had.” Why? His dad was a "hard core economic socialist," which means Obama "had sort of antibusiness, anti-free enterprise influences affecting him almost all his life." Charles Koch on Obama: “He’s a dedicated egalitarian. I’m not saying he’s a Marxist, but he’s internalized some Marxist models—that is, that business tends to be successful by exploiting its customers and workers.” The full profile is here.
Original Summary: The Koch brothers are fighting back against their portrayal as "evil personified" by liberals, with a recent profile in the Weekly Standard arguing that they are being unfairly demonized. The brothers claim that they have been misrepresented and misunderstood, and that their views on government and economics are often misconstrued.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Koch brothers are fighting back against the perception (at least on the left) that they're evil personified. The latest salvo comes via a lengthy profile in the Weekly Standard, which argues that the brothers behind Koch Industries are "demonized" by liberals who see them as "convenient scapegoats." Remember that prank phone call between a fake David Koch and Wisconsin Gov. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Scott Walker. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.? No wonder Walker didn't recognize Koch, writes Matthew Continetti—they'd never spoken before. Yet Koch was portrayed as pulling all the strings. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "The press attacked me rather than the guy who impersonated me!" complains David. "And I was criticized as someone who’s got a death grip on the governor and his policies. And that I control him—I mean, that’s insane. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.!” The article says the brothers were content to remain low-key until President Obama's policies raised a national debate about the size and scope of government. (The smaller the better, as far they're concerned.) Of note: David Koch on Obama: “He’s the most radical president we’ve ever had as a nation and has done more damage to the free enterprise system and long-term prosperity than any president we’ve ever had.” Why? His dad was a "hard core economic socialist," which means Obama "had sort of antibusiness, anti-free enterprise influences affecting him almost all his life." Charles Koch on Obama: “He’s a dedicated egalitarian. I’m not saying he’s a Marxist, but he’s internalized some Marxist models—that is, that business tends to be successful by exploiting its customers and workers.” The full profile is here.
Injected Summary: The Koch brothers are fighting against their portrayal as "evil personified" by liberals, with a recent profile in the Weekly Standard arguing that they are being unfairly demonized. The brothers believe that President Obama's policies have raised a national debate about the size and scope of government, which they believe is a threat to their belief in a smaller, more limited government.
Original Story: – Thanks to the 14-year-old Dutch girl arrested after tweeting a fake terrorism threat to American Airlines, fake Twitter threats are apparently now a thing. The Washington Post reports that dozens more teens (well, they're assumed to be teens, and many have usernames like "@ddlovatosteddy" and "@MileyFawLife") are picking up where 14-year-old Sarah (who was released today, notes Mashable) left off, and the Post has screenshots of ill-advised tweets, some of which have since been deleted, including: "@AmericanAir I have a bomb under the next plane to take off" "@AmericanAir You really seem to not care that i’m about to bomb your plane that’s headed to Paris. Btw, my name is Ahmed." "@AmericanAir Hello Am From Iraq i Want 1Million Or I Will Plan A Bomb To Your Next Flight To Paris !! Bye Bye America" Other copycat tweeters have also directed their "jokes" to Southwest Airlines, for some reason. (Southwest told at least one such person that they would be reported to the authorities.) In other unfortunate airline-related Twitter news, someone at US Airways is probably in a lot of trouble today after a very unfortunate incident yesterday. In response to a customer complaining about her flight, US Airways tweeted, "We welcome feedback, Elle. If your travel is complete, you can detail it here for review and follow-up:" But instead of a link to a feedback form, what followed was an extremely graphic image. The airline quickly removed the tweet and apologized, claiming it was unintentional. Apparently the image had been tweeted at US Airways earlier from another Twitter user, and "we captured the tweet to flag it as inappropriate," US Airways said in a statement, according to USA Today. The image was then "inadvertently included" in the airline's tweet. If you really must see it, click here.
Original Summary: A 14-year-old Dutch girl was arrested for making a fake terrorism threat on Twitter against American Airlines, prompting dozens of other teenagers to make similar threats, including one who tweeted a bomb threat to Southwest Airlines. In a separate incident, a US Airways employee accidentally tweeted a graphic image in response to a customer complaint, which was quickly removed and apologized for.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Thanks to the 14-year-old Dutch girl arrested after tweeting a fake terrorism threat to American Airlines, fake Twitter threats are apparently now a thing. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The Washington Post reports that dozens more teens (well, they're assumed to be teens, and many have usernames like "@ddlovatosteddy" and "@MileyFawLife") are picking up where 14-year-old Sarah (who was released today, notes Mashable) left off, and the Post has screenshots of ill-advised tweets, some of which have since been deleted, including: "@AmericanAir I have a bomb under the next plane to take off" "@AmericanAir You really seem to not care that i’m about to bomb your plane that’s headed to Paris. Btw, my name is Ahmed." "@AmericanAir Hello Am From Iraq i Want 1Million Or I Will Plan A Bomb To Your Next Flight To Paris ! Bye Bye America" Other copycat tweeters have also directed their "jokes" to Southwest Airlines, for some reason. (Southwest told at least one such person that they would be reported to the authorities.) In other unfortunate airline-related Twitter news, someone at US Airways is probably in a lot of trouble today after a very unfortunate incident yesterday. In response to a customer complaining about her flight, US Airways tweeted, "We welcome feedback, Elle. If your travel is complete, you can detail it here for review and follow-up:" But instead of a link to a feedback form, what followed was an extremely graphic image. The airline quickly removed the tweet and apologized, claiming it was unintentional. Apparently the image had been tweeted at US Airways earlier from another Twitter user, and "we captured the tweet to flag it as inappropriate," US Airways said in a statement, according to USA Today. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The image was then "inadvertently included" in the airline's tweet. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. If you really must see it, click here. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: A 14-year-old Dutch girl was arrested for tweeting a fake terrorism threat to American Airlines, leading to a wave of copycat tweets from other teenagers, including some directed at Southwest Airlines. US Airways also faced criticism after an inappropriate image was accidentally tweeted in response to a customer complaint.
Original Story: – The image of a swastika entangled with the Star of David flew over Manhattan, Long Beach, and the Jersey Shore this weekend—and the organization responsible attributes concern to a "misunderstanding." Police received several calls when the symbol, and the word "proswastika," were seen on a banner being pulled by a small plane. "We're trying to find out, what are their intentions?" said a spokesman for the Jewish Community Center of Long Beach. The plane was arranged by the North American Raelian Movement, part of a world organization whose members believe that life on Earth was created by extraterrestrials. The banner is a centerpiece of the group's "Third Annual Swastika Rehabilitation Day," which "went about as well as you'd expect," notes the Gothamist. The organization's website points to the swastika's initial, pre-Nazi development as a spiritual symbol, and urges Jews to embrace it. We "are extremely sympathetic to the horrors suffered by the Jewish people," says an open letter in the blog to the head of the Long Beach Jewish Community Center. "The swastika has always meant something very beautiful, peaceful and loving for billions of people all over the world. If the Jewish people would not hide in terror in the presence of this symbol, but instead embrace its true meaning, the world would stand in awe of this act of love." No immediate word from the community center if that's going to happen anytime soon.
Original Summary: A small plane flew over Manhattan, Long Beach, and the Jersey Shore displaying a banner with a swastika entangled with the Star of David, prompting concern and calls to the police. The North American Raelian Movement, which believes that extraterrestrial life created human life, organized the event, and the group's website advocates for embracing the swastika's original spiritual meaning as a symbol of peace and love.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The image of a swastika entangled with the Star of David flew over Manhattan, Long Beach, and the Jersey Shore this weekend—and the organization responsible attributes concern to a "misunderstanding. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." Police received several calls when the symbol, and the word "proswastika," were seen on a banner being pulled by a small plane. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "We're trying to find out, what are their intentions?" said a spokesman for the Jewish Community Center of Long Beach. The plane was arranged by the North American Raelian Movement, part of a world organization whose members believe that life on Earth was created by extraterrestrials. The banner is a centerpiece of the group's "Third Annual Swastika Rehabilitation Day," which "went about as well as you'd expect," notes the Gothamist. The organization's website points to the swastika's initial, pre-Nazi development as a spiritual symbol, and urges Jews to embrace it. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. We "are extremely sympathetic to the horrors suffered by the Jewish people," says an open letter in the blog to the head of the Long Beach Jewish Community Center. "The swastika has always meant something very beautiful, peaceful and loving for billions of people all over the world. If the Jewish people would not hide in terror in the presence of this symbol, but instead embrace its true meaning, the world would stand in awe of this act of love." No immediate word from the community center if that's going to happen anytime soon.
Injected Summary: A small plane flew over Manhattan, Long Beach, and the Jersey Shore displaying a banner with a swastika entwined with a Star of David, with the organization responsible claiming it was a misunderstanding. The banner was part of the North American Raelian Movement's "Third Annual Swastika Rehabilitation Day," which aims to redeem the symbol's negative connotations and encourage Jews to embrace its original spiritual meaning.
Original Story: – When Abbey Donohoe and Paula O'Brien met at a party four years ago, a few people mentioned that they looked alike. Little did the Iowa women know that's because they're related—O'Brien is Donohoe's aunt, a fact the two women discovered completely by accident via a Facebook post. On March 6, O'Brien posted about her older brother and his girlfriend, who gave a baby up for adoption, and mentioned the birth date. "I read it and I'm like September 19th, that's my birthday," Donohoe, 29, says. After comparing more information, the two confirmed Donohoe was the baby in question. "It was just surreal," Donohoe tells KWQC. "Did I really just accidentally find my birth family?" Her response to O'Brien's original post: "That's my birthday & I was adopted.... crazy!" She had never thought to search for her birth family, she says, because she "was loved so much." As for O'Brien, who the Quad City Times reports was 11 years old when Donohoe was adopted: "My family had prayed for this for years," she says, noting that her family even celebrated her absent niece's birthday each year. "For 29 years we dreamed of this day and it's here." Click to read the story of another Facebook-related reunion.
Original Summary: Abbey Donohoe and Paula OBrien, who met four years ago at a party, discovered they are related after OBrien posted on Facebook about her older brother's girlfriend giving a baby up for adoption, and Donohoe realized the birth date matched her own. The two women confirmed their connection after comparing more information, with Donohoe exclaiming "Thats my birthday & I was adopted.... crazy!"
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– When Abbey Donohoe and Paula O'Brien met at a party four years ago, a few people mentioned that they looked alike. Little did the Iowa women know that's because they're related—O'Brien is Donohoe's aunt, a fact the two women discovered completely by accident via a Facebook post. On March 6, O'Brien posted about her older brother and his girlfriend, who gave a baby up for adoption, and mentioned the birth date. "I read it and I'm like September 19th, that's my birthday," Donohoe, 29, says. After comparing more information, the two confirmed Donohoe was the baby in question. "It was just surreal," Donohoe tells KWQC. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "Did I really just accidentally find my birth family?" Her response to O'Brien's original post: "That's my birthday & I was adopted. crazy!" She had never thought to search for her birth family, she says, because she "was loved so much. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." As for O'Brien, who the Quad City Times reports was 11 years old when Donohoe was adopted: "My family had prayed for this for years," she says, noting that her family even celebrated her absent niece's birthday each year. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "For 29 years we dreamed of this day and it's here." Click to read the story of another Facebook-related reunion.
Injected Summary: Abbey Donohoe and Paula OBrien, who met at a party four years ago, discovered they are related after OBrien posted on Facebook about her older brother's girlfriend giving a baby up for adoption, and Donohoe realized the birth date matched her own. The two women confirmed their connection after comparing more information and were overjoyed to have found each other after 29 years of separation.
Original Story: – Bethenny Frankel, former Real Housewife of New York City, may be about to become a Real House Ex-Wife of New York City. She and husband Jason Hoppy are splitting up, she tells the AP. "This was an extremely difficult decision that as a woman and a mother, I have to accept as the best choice for our family," Frankel says. "We have love and respect for one another and will continue to amicably co-parent our daughter who is and will always remain our first priority. This is an immensely painful and heartbreaking time for us." Daughter Bryn was born in 2010, the year Frankel and Hoppy married. Apparently documenting your courtship and marriage on TV for an audience of millions is no guarantee the union will last, because Frankel and Hoppy had not one but two reality series based on just that: Bethenny Getting Married? and Bethenny Ever After... The split comes after months of rumors of marriage trouble, People notes. But Radar adds that the separation, recommended by Frankel's therapist, is meant to ultimately save the relationship and that Frankel is committed to doing just that.
Original Summary: Bethenny Frankel and her husband Jason Hoppy are splitting up after months of rumors of marriage trouble. Frankel says the decision was an extremely difficult one but they will continue to co-parent their daughter Bryn amicably and have love and respect for each other.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Bethenny Frankel, former Real Housewife of New York City, may be about to become a Real House Ex-Wife of New York City. She and husband Jason Hoppy are splitting up, she tells the AP. "This was an extremely difficult decision that as a woman and a mother, I have to accept as the best choice for our family," Frankel says. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "We have love and respect for one another and will continue to amicably co-parent our daughter who is and will always remain our first priority. This is an immensely painful and heartbreaking time for us." Daughter Bryn was born in 2010, the year Frankel and Hoppy married. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Apparently documenting your courtship and marriage on TV for an audience of millions is no guarantee the union will last, because Frankel and Hoppy had not one but two reality series based on just that: Bethenny Getting Married? and Bethenny Ever After. The split comes after months of rumors of marriage trouble, People notes. But Radar adds that the separation, recommended by Frankel's therapist, is meant to ultimately save the relationship and that Frankel is committed to doing just that.
Injected Summary: Bethenny Frankel and her husband Jason Hoppy are splitting up after months of rumors of marriage trouble. Frankel says the decision was difficult but necessary for the best interest of their daughter, and the couple plans to amicably co-parent.
Original Story: – Both NPR and NBC are calling it a "stunning reversal": Donald Trump indicated he would back a path to legalization for undocumented immigrants in the US. "No citizenship," he said during a town hall with Sean Hannity that aired on Fox News Wednesday night. "They'll pay back-taxes; they have to pay taxes; there's no amnesty, as such, there's no amnesty, but we work with them." And, of course, we'd have to "get the bad ones out," he added. What changed his mind? He says he's met with many supporters who've told him, "Mr. Trump, I love you, but to take a person who's been here for 15 or 20 years and throw them and their family out, it's so tough, Mr. Trump." Trump had previously called for mass deportations. "When somebody really has shown—it's called like the merit system, other than they did break the law in the first place, OK? And that's a little unfair to people but we're going to let people come in anyway," Trump said, noting that his plan would apply only to immigrants who have "done a great job" during their time in the US. "So do we tell these people to get out or do we work with them and let them stay in some form?" NBC notes that Trump didn't announce anything "concrete" about his immigration plans, and sounded a bit "unsure" of his own stance. But what he said was enough to upset Ann Coulter, who tweeted her distaste for the whole idea, Politico reports. Mediaite notes that earlier this week, Coulter said it would be a "mistake" for Trump to soften his stance on immigration.
Original Summary: During a town hall with Sean Hannity, Donald Trump indicated he may support a path to legalization for undocumented immigrants in the US, but with certain conditions. He stated that immigrants would have to pay back taxes and there would be no amnesty, but they would be allowed to stay in some form.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Both NPR and NBC are calling it a "stunning reversal": Donald Trump indicated he would back a path to legalization for undocumented immigrants in the US. "No citizenship," he said during a town hall with Sean Hannity that aired on Fox News Wednesday night. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "They'll pay back-taxes; they have to pay taxes; there's no amnesty, as such, there's no amnesty, but we work with them." And, of course, we'd have to "get the bad ones out," he added. What changed his mind. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.? He says he's met with many supporters who've told him, "Mr. Trump, I love you, but to take a person who's been here for 15 or 20 years and throw them and their family out, it's so tough, Mr. Trump. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." Trump had previously called for mass deportations. "When somebody really has shown—it's called like the merit system, other than they did break the law in the first place, OK? And that's a little unfair to people but we're going to let people come in anyway," Trump said, noting that his plan would apply only to immigrants who have "done a great job" during their time in the US. "So do we tell these people to get out or do we work with them and let them stay in some form?" NBC notes that Trump didn't announce anything "concrete" about his immigration plans, and sounded a bit "unsure" of his own stance. But what he said was enough to upset Ann Coulter, who tweeted her distaste for the whole idea, Politico reports. Mediaite notes that earlier this week, Coulter said it would be a "mistake" for Trump to soften his stance on immigration. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Donald Trump indicated he would support a path to legalization for undocumented immigrants in the US, but with certain conditions, including paying back taxes and not receiving citizenship. Trump's shift in stance was reportedly influenced by his supporters who told him it would be too difficult to deport immigrants who have been in the US for 15-20 years and their families, and by the merit-based immigration system he proposed earlier.
Original Story: – It seems everyone can agree on one thing about the Grammys: As E! put it in the first line of its recap, "So, that was ... long." Beyond that, reviews for the three-and-a-half-hour ceremony (which included "more than 30 performers but only 11 trophy presentations," notes Chris Richards in the Washington Post) are all over the place. A sampling: Richards enjoyed the show: "For the first time in too long, the Grammys telecast was a good time in and of itself—a refreshingly coherent celebration of our increasingly incoherent popscape. There were A-game performances, trophy-hoarders who deserved to win them, and very few reasons to wince, grouse, or wish you were watching Downton Abbey." Full review here. But for Mikael Wood at the Los Angeles Times, many of "the big moments missed the mark," while the "smaller, more intimate moments ... stood out." Think Rihanna performing Stay rather than a big dance number, or Kelly Clarkson covering "(You Make Me Feel Like a) Natural Woman." Writes Wood, "In a 3 1/2-hour blur of high-tech spectacle, these performances felt like reaffirmations of core musical values—honest, unaffected, simple." Full review here. One of the big moments getting a lot of praise: Justin Timberlake's return to the Grammys stage. He "stole the show," declares Ross Raihala in Pioneer Press. Host LL Cool J, on the other hand ... well, he "spent much of the evening talking about Twitter hashtags." (Which led to quite a bit of derision on Twitter, we note.) Full review here. Over at the Chicago Tribune, Greg Kot also has less-than-kind words for the verbose host, writing, "A long speech by host LL Cool J threatened to derail the awards right near the start. ... But there were redemptive moments, not the least of which was a massive sing-along version of The Band’s 'The Weight,' in honor of drummer Levon Helm, who died last year." Full review here. Click for more from the ceremony.
Original Summary: The 2012 Grammy Awards ceremony was met with mixed reviews, with some praising the performances and others criticizing the host, LL Cool J, for his verbose speeches. Justin Timberlake's return to the stage was a highlight of the evening, while Rihanna's intimate performance of "Stay" stood out among the bigger productions.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– It seems everyone can agree on one thing about the Grammys: As E! put it in the first line of its recap, "So, that was . Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. long." Beyond that, reviews for the three-and-a-half-hour ceremony (which included "more than 30 performers but only 11 trophy presentations," notes Chris Richards in the Washington Post) are all over the place. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. A sampling: Richards enjoyed the show: "For the first time in too long, the Grammys telecast was a good time in and of itself—a refreshingly coherent celebration of our increasingly incoherent popscape. There were A-game performances, trophy-hoarders who deserved to win them, and very few reasons to wince, grouse, or wish you were watching Downton Abbey." Full review here. But for Mikael Wood at the Los Angeles Times, many of "the big moments missed the mark," while the "smaller, more intimate moments . stood out." Think Rihanna performing Stay rather than a big dance number, or Kelly Clarkson covering "(You Make Me Feel Like a) Natural Woman." Writes Wood, "In a 3 1/2-hour blur of high-tech spectacle, these performances felt like reaffirmations of core musical values—honest, unaffected, simple." Full review here. One of the big moments getting a lot of praise: Justin Timberlake's return to the Grammys stage. He "stole the show," declares Ross Raihala in Pioneer Press. Host LL Cool J, on the other hand . well, he "spent much of the evening talking about Twitter hashtags. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis." (Which led to quite a bit of derision on Twitter, we note.) Full review here. Over at the Chicago Tribune, Greg Kot also has less-than-kind words for the verbose host, writing, "A long speech by host LL Cool J threatened to derail the awards right near the start. . But there were redemptive moments, not the least of which was a massive sing-along version of The Band’s 'The Weight,' in honor of drummer Levon Helm, who died last year." Full review here. Click for more from the ceremony.
Injected Summary: The 2023 Grammy Awards were a mixed bag, with some performances and moments standing out while others fell flat. Justin Timberlake stole the show with his return to the stage, while host LL Cool J's verbose speeches were met with criticism on social media.
Original Story: – For the first time ever, fewer than 10% of Americans lack health insurance, according to data released Tuesday by the CDC. And CNBC calls that "a clear sign of ObamaCare's impact." In 2015, only 9.1% of Americans—about 28.6 million people—were uninsured. That's down from 14.2% in 2013 when ObamaCare really started to go into effect, the Hill reports. That drop amounts to another 16.2 million Americans who now have health insurance. "Today's report is further proof that our country has made undeniable and historic strides thanks to the Affordable Care Act." Sylvia Burwell, secretary of health and human services, tells CNBC. "Our country ought to be proud of how far we've come and where we're going." But regardless of ObamaCare's success in reducing the ranks of the uninsured—the Obama administration estimates more than 20 million Americans have gained insurance since the ACA passed in 2010—the Hill reports that Republicans still plan to use it as a wedge issue in November. Donald Trump and Senate Republicans believe hitting Hillary Clinton over ObamaCare will propel them to victories. “This healthcare law has been devastating to the Democratic Party," John Barrasso, a Wyoming Republican, tells the Hill.
Original Summary: According to the CDC, the number of Americans without health insurance has decreased to less than 10% for the first time, down from 14.2% in 2013. This drop of 16.2 million people is attributed to the Affordable Care Act, with Secretary of Health and Human Services Sylvia Burwell calling it a "undeniable and historic strides." Despite this success, Republicans plan to use Obamacare as a wedge issue in November, with Donald Trump and Senate Republicans believing it will help them win elections.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– For the first time ever, fewer than 10% of Americans lack health insurance, according to data released Tuesday by the CDC. And CNBC calls that "a clear sign of ObamaCare's impact." In 2015, only 9.1% of Americans—about 28.6 million people—were uninsured. That's down from 14.2% in 2013 when ObamaCare really started to go into effect, the Hill reports. That drop amounts to another 16.2 million Americans who now have health insurance. "Today's report is further proof that our country has made undeniable and historic strides thanks to the Affordable Care Act. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." Sylvia Burwell, secretary of health and human services, tells CNBC. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "Our country ought to be proud of how far we've come and where we're going." But regardless of ObamaCare's success in reducing the ranks of the uninsured—the Obama administration estimates more than 20 million Americans have gained insurance since the ACA passed in 2010—the Hill reports that Republicans still plan to use it as a wedge issue in November. Donald Trump and Senate Republicans believe hitting Hillary Clinton over ObamaCare will propel them to victories. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. “This healthcare law has been devastating to the Democratic Party," John Barrasso, a Wyoming Republican, tells the Hill.
Injected Summary: According to data released by the CDC, the number of Americans without health insurance has decreased to less than 10% for the first time, with 16.2 million more people gaining coverage since the Affordable Care Act (ACA) took effect. Despite this success, Republicans plan to use the ACA as a wedge issue in November, with Donald Trump and Senate Republicans believing it will help them win elections.
Original Story: – There are so many myths about summer safety, it's a wonder anyone has any fun. Heard that poison ivy is contagious? Not true. Scared of swallowing watermelon seeds? They'll just pass through you. The Washington Post debunks a host of summer myths: Mosquitoes love people who taste sweet? Nope—mosquitoes are more into your breath. They pursue the heat, carbon dioxide, and lactic acid in it, says a doctor. But it is true that you shouldn't scratch your bites; that could cause an infection. You should pee on your jellyfish stings. Actually, that's likely to worsen the situation, a doctor says: It could actually prompt the jellyfish cells to release more venom. Instead, leave the water and get the tentacles off you—but don't use your fingers. Then, slap some vinegar on the area. Stay out of the water for a half-hour after you eat? Sure, it could cause a cramp, but that's about the worst of it. If that happens, just dry off and take it easy for a while. "There’s no magic to the 30-minute number," says a nutritionist. Click through for the full list.
Original Summary: Many summer safety myths have been debunked by experts, including the idea that poison ivy is contagious, swallowing watermelon seeds will cause problems, and scratching jellyfish stings will make them worse. The Washington Post has provided a list of summer safety myths and the truth behind them, including that mosquitoes are attracted to heat and carbon dioxide, not sweet tastes, and that peeing on jellyfish stings can worsen the situation.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– There are so many myths about summer safety, it's a wonder anyone has any fun. Heard that poison ivy is contagious? Not true. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Scared of swallowing watermelon seeds? They'll just pass through you. The Washington Post debunks a host of summer myths: Mosquitoes love people who taste sweet? Nope—mosquitoes are more into your breath. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. They pursue the heat, carbon dioxide, and lactic acid in it, says a doctor. But it is true that you shouldn't scratch your bites; that could cause an infection. You should pee on your jellyfish stings. Actually, that's likely to worsen the situation, a doctor says: It could actually prompt the jellyfish cells to release more venom. Instead, leave the water and get the tentacles off you—but don't use your fingers. Then, slap some vinegar on the area. Stay out of the water for a half-hour after you eat? Sure, it could cause a cramp, but that's about the worst of it. If that happens, just dry off and take it easy for a while. "There’s no magic to the 30-minute number," says a nutritionist. Click through for the full list.
Injected Summary: Many summer safety myths have been debunked by The Washington Post, including the idea that poison ivy is contagious, that swallowing watermelon seeds will cause them to grow inside your body, and that scratching mosquito bites can cause an infection. However, it is true that peeing on jellyfish stings will not help and can actually make the situation worse, and that staying out of the water for 30 minutes after eating can help prevent cramps but is not a magic number.
Original Story: – Clay Shephard died on May 17, and the obituary for the 23-year-old from Apex, NC, clearly shows the love his family had for him, listing his "intelligence, confidence, athletic ability, height, beautiful blue eyes, broad smile, fantastic wit, and the ability to engage and forge a relationship with anyone." But the Shephards were also determined not to sugarcoat how he died, penning what WNCN calls a "heart-wrenching" death notice that details how Shephard succumbed to his drug addiction: "Our charismatic and beautiful son and brother died Sunday morning from a drug overdose. Outwardly Clay looked like he had it all. … Inwardly Clay was sensitive and had struggles that he hid well from his close and clannish family. … While we always felt we had some grip on Clay's issues, his ability to hide and disguise his addiction proved superior to our parental (and sibling) sixth sense." The blunt openness of the obituary—which also notes the close relationship he shared with his dad, a mention of the last "I love you" text he sent to his mom, and a call to all other parents to keep tabs on their kids—has been adopted in other recent obits of young people who struggled with drugs. "This note isn't an attempt to assign blame for Clay's death," Shephard's family writes. "It's not to vent our anger and frustration at a world where drugs can be ordered and delivered through the internet. We write this obituary in hope that it may provide an insight to those that need to change their behavior one night at a time." That hope has affected at least one family so far. In a recent letter in the News & Observer, Paul and Lorelei Milan say, "As parents of teenagers, we plan to read Clay's obituary at the dinner table and have an open, honest discussion of the reality of drugs and how it can spiral out of control very fast." (Similar obituaries here and here.)
Original Summary: Clay Shephard, a 23-year-old from Apex, NC, died of a drug overdose on May 17. His obituary is a heart-wrenching account of his struggles with addiction, which his family wrote to warn other parents of the dangers of drugs and to encourage open and honest discussions about addiction.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Clay Shephard died on May 17, and the obituary for the 23-year-old from Apex, NC, clearly shows the love his family had for him, listing his "intelligence, confidence, athletic ability, height, beautiful blue eyes, broad smile, fantastic wit, and the ability to engage and forge a relationship with anyone. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." But the Shephards were also determined not to sugarcoat how he died, penning what WNCN calls a "heart-wrenching" death notice that details how Shephard succumbed to his drug addiction: "Our charismatic and beautiful son and brother died Sunday morning from a drug overdose. Outwardly Clay looked like he had it all. … Inwardly Clay was sensitive and had struggles that he hid well from his close and clannish family. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. … While we always felt we had some grip on Clay's issues, his ability to hide and disguise his addiction proved superior to our parental (and sibling) sixth sense." The blunt openness of the obituary—which also notes the close relationship he shared with his dad, a mention of the last "I love you" text he sent to his mom, and a call to all other parents to keep tabs on their kids—has been adopted in other recent obits of young people who struggled with drugs. "This note isn't an attempt to assign blame for Clay's death," Shephard's family writes. "It's not to vent our anger and frustration at a world where drugs can be ordered and delivered through the internet. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. We write this obituary in hope that it may provide an insight to those that need to change their behavior one night at a time." That hope has affected at least one family so far. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. In a recent letter in the News & Observer, Paul and Lorelei Milan say, "As parents of teenagers, we plan to read Clay's obituary at the dinner table and have an open, honest discussion of the reality of drugs and how it can spiral out of control very fast." (Similar obituaries here and here.)
Injected Summary: Clay Shephard, a 23-year-old from Apex, NC, died of a drug overdose on May 17. His obituary is candid about his struggles with addiction, describing him as a charismatic and sensitive person who hid his struggles from his family. The obituary aims to raise awareness about drug addiction and encourage parents to keep a closer eye on their children.
Original Story: – In not-so-surprising news, the Venezuelan government said today that Hugo Chavez is too sick to attend his own inauguration on Thursday, reports the BBC. So now what? Chavez's camp says it's no big deal, arguing that the swearing-in is a mere formality that can be postponed until Chavez is well enough to travel. But the opposition thinks the constitution makes clear that if the incoming president can't be sworn in, the National Assembly leader must form a caretaker government and call new elections. It wants the nation's Supreme Court to settle the dispute. "The Supreme Court has to take a position on what the text of the constitution says," says opposition leader Henrique Capriles, who lost to Chavez in the fall election. "There is no monarchy here, and we aren't in Cuba." The National Assembly leader, for his part, says he has no intention of taking over on Thursday, reports CNN. "When (the opposition) talks about a power vacuum, they are proposing a coup."
Original Summary: Hugo Chavez is too sick to attend his own inauguration on Thursday, according to the Venezuelan government, leading to a dispute over whether the incoming president's swearing-in can be postponed or if the National Assembly leader should take over. The opposition wants the Supreme Court to settle the matter, while the National Assembly leader insists he has no intention of taking over, calling the opposition's proposal a "coup."
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– In not-so-surprising news, the Venezuelan government said today that Hugo Chavez is too sick to attend his own inauguration on Thursday, reports the BBC. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. So now what? Chavez's camp says it's no big deal, arguing that the swearing-in is a mere formality that can be postponed until Chavez is well enough to travel. But the opposition thinks the constitution makes clear that if the incoming president can't be sworn in, the National Assembly leader must form a caretaker government and call new elections. It wants the nation's Supreme Court to settle the dispute. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "The Supreme Court has to take a position on what the text of the constitution says," says opposition leader Henrique Capriles, who lost to Chavez in the fall election. "There is no monarchy here, and we aren't in Cuba." The National Assembly leader, for his part, says he has no intention of taking over on Thursday, reports CNN. "When (the opposition) talks about a power vacuum, they are proposing a coup."
Injected Summary: Hugo Chavez is too sick to attend his own inauguration on Thursday, according to the Venezuelan government, leading to a dispute over whether the incoming president can be sworn in or if a caretaker government should be formed. The opposition wants the Supreme Court to settle the dispute, while the National Assembly leader has said he has no intention of taking over.
Original Story: – James Holmes will live out his life in prison instead of facing execution because one of his 12 jurors wouldn't budge on the subject. Nine others wanted the death penalty and two were unsure but willing to discuss it, but Holmes' life was spared because a unanimous decision is needed, reports NBC News. "The person was solidly and definitely in that position and they weren't going to change," another of the jurors explained to reporters afterward, per the Denver Post. The reason was Holmes' mental health. "The issue of mental illness was everything for the one who did not want to impose the death penalty," says the juror, who was not named. She added that things remained civil, but the group decided to wrap up after about seven hours because it was clear nothing would change. "The jury instructions were clear this was an individual decision, and we had to make it based on our own moral view of what's right and wrong." Another of the jurors had the group watch grisly video of victims at the crime scene, in an apparent attempt to sway the lone juror.
Original Summary: A lone juror in the trial of James Holmes refused to consider the death penalty, despite the majority of the jury wanting it, due to concerns about Holmes' mental health. The jury deliberated for seven hours but ultimately decided to wrap up the discussion after it became clear that the lone juror would not change their mind.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– James Holmes will live out his life in prison instead of facing execution because one of his 12 jurors wouldn't budge on the subject. Nine others wanted the death penalty and two were unsure but willing to discuss it, but Holmes' life was spared because a unanimous decision is needed, reports NBC News. "The person was solidly and definitely in that position and they weren't going to change," another of the jurors explained to reporters afterward, per the Denver Post. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The reason was Holmes' mental health. "The issue of mental illness was everything for the one who did not want to impose the death penalty," says the juror, who was not named. She added that things remained civil, but the group decided to wrap up after about seven hours because it was clear nothing would change. "The jury instructions were clear this was an individual decision, and we had to make it based on our own moral view of what's right and wrong." Another of the jurors had the group watch grisly video of victims at the crime scene, in an apparent attempt to sway the lone juror. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: A lone juror in the trial of James Holmes refused to impose the death penalty, citing Holmes' mental health as the reason, despite the majority of the jury wanting the death penalty. The jury deliberated for seven hours before deciding to wrap up the discussion due to the juror's unwavering stance.
Original Story: – Americans are already experiencing the harmful effects of climate change, and those effects will get worse unless something is done, according to a new National Climate Assessment issued today. The report cites increased instances of extreme weather, droughts, and heat waves as evidence of climate change's impact, and presents evidence that human activities are driving that impact, the LA Times reports. "The overall message is that climate change is happening right now—we can't think of it as an issue for future generations," one lead author says. If nothing is done, the report predicts that the Northeast and Midwest will be hit with more downpours and flooding, while the Great Plains will see more droughts, and the Southwest more wildfire and extreme heatwaves. Compiled by more than 240 experts, the assessment is the third such report, and is mandated by Congress every four years. President Obama will mark the occasion by meeting with meteorologists to discuss the findings, CNN reports. (Click for more on scientists' quest to develop livestock that's resistant to climate change.)
Original Summary: Climate change is already having harmful effects on Americans, with increased instances of extreme weather events such as droughts, heat waves, and floods, according to a new National Climate Assessment. The report predicts that these effects will worsen unless action is taken, with the Northeast and Midwest experiencing more downpours and flooding, the Great Plains experiencing more droughts, and the Southwest experiencing more wildfires and extreme heatwaves.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Americans are already experiencing the harmful effects of climate change, and those effects will get worse unless something is done, according to a new National Climate Assessment issued today. The report cites increased instances of extreme weather, droughts, and heat waves as evidence of climate change's impact, and presents evidence that human activities are driving that impact, the LA Times reports. "The overall message is that climate change is happening right now—we can't think of it as an issue for future generations," one lead author says. If nothing is done, the report predicts that the Northeast and Midwest will be hit with more downpours and flooding, while the Great Plains will see more droughts, and the Southwest more wildfire and extreme heatwaves. Compiled by more than 240 experts, the assessment is the third such report, and is mandated by Congress every four years. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. President Obama will mark the occasion by meeting with meteorologists to discuss the findings, CNN reports. (Click for more on scientists' quest to develop livestock that's resistant to climate change. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.)
Injected Summary: Climate change is already having harmful effects on Americans, including increased instances of extreme weather events such as droughts, heat waves, and flooding, according to a new National Climate Assessment. The report predicts that these impacts will worsen unless action is taken, with the Northeast and Midwest experiencing more downpours and flooding, the Great Plains experiencing more droughts, and the Southwest experiencing more wildfires and extreme heatwaves.
Original Story: – Gun violence in Chicago has been an ever-present topic in recent news, and this weekend just saw more disturbing statistics emerge. Seventeen people were shot and killed between Friday night and Monday morning, per homicide numbers tracked by the Chicago Sun-Times; 41 others were reported injured. That makes it the city's most lethal weekend in terms of gun violence in all of 2016 (there were 13 fatal shootings on both Father's Day weekend and Labor Day weekend). "It was a tough weekend," Chicago Police Supt. Eddie Johnson told reporters Monday, noting that most of the shootings were linked to gangs and that he thought locals "would be in a better frame of mind" because the Cubs were in the World Series. Among this weekend's fatalities: four teens, two of them twins. Edwin and Edward Bryant, 17, were shot in the Old Town section of the city just after 3am on Sunday, CBS Chicago reports. The fraternal twins, both high school juniors, were standing outside when a dark-colored car drove by and shots rang out from inside, Chicago cops say. Johnson says there's video of the shooting police are reviewing. Edward, who played basketball on his high school's team and also for a neighborhood youth program, was shot in the head and chest; Edwin was shot in the chest. Both brothers died within an hour of each other after being transported to a local hospital. "These violent gun offenders are clearly giving us the message that they just don't care about … Chicago," Johnson said, per the Sun-Times. "I'm sick of it and I know the people in the communities are tired of it."
Original Summary: Seventeen people were shot and killed, and 41 others injured, in Chicago over the weekend, making it the deadliest weekend of gun violence in the city this year. The majority of the shootings were linked to gang activity, and four teenagers, including fraternal twins Edwin and Edward Bryant, were among the fatalities.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Gun violence in Chicago has been an ever-present topic in recent news, and this weekend just saw more disturbing statistics emerge. Seventeen people were shot and killed between Friday night and Monday morning, per homicide numbers tracked by the Chicago Sun-Times; 41 others were reported injured. That makes it the city's most lethal weekend in terms of gun violence in all of 2016 (there were 13 fatal shootings on both Father's Day weekend and Labor Day weekend). "It was a tough weekend," Chicago Police Supt. Eddie Johnson told reporters Monday, noting that most of the shootings were linked to gangs and that he thought locals "would be in a better frame of mind" because the Cubs were in the World Series. Among this weekend's fatalities: four teens, two of them twins. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Edwin and Edward Bryant, 17, were shot in the Old Town section of the city just after 3am on Sunday, CBS Chicago reports. The fraternal twins, both high school juniors, were standing outside when a dark-colored car drove by and shots rang out from inside, Chicago cops say. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Johnson says there's video of the shooting police are reviewing. Edward, who played basketball on his high school's team and also for a neighborhood youth program, was shot in the head and chest; Edwin was shot in the chest. Both brothers died within an hour of each other after being transported to a local hospital. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. "These violent gun offenders are clearly giving us the message that they just don't care about … Chicago," Johnson said, per the Sun-Times. "I'm sick of it and I know the people in the communities are tired of it."
Injected Summary: Seventeen people were shot and killed, and 41 others injured, in Chicago over the weekend, making it the deadliest weekend of gun violence in the city this year. The majority of the shootings were linked to gang activity, and police are reviewing video footage of one of the incidents that resulted in the deaths of two teenage brothers.
Original Story: – Every good writer gets rejected, and JK Rowling may know that better than most. Despite selling 400 million copies of her Harry Potter books, she still had trouble getting her 2013 novel The Cuckoo's Calling published under pseudonym Robert Galbraith. In fact, she got some pretty "cringe-worthy" rejection letters, and posted two to Twitter on Friday to inspire other writers, per the Telegraph. In one, Constable & Robinson notes it "could not publish [the crime novel] with commercial success." An editor advised Galbraith to read the Writer's Handbook, learn how to write an "alluring" blurb, and noted "a writer's group/writing course may help," report the BBC and the Guardian. Creme de la Crime sent Rowling a more general rejection stating that it was "unable to accept new submissions at the moment." Rowling notes a third unnamed publishing house that turned down Harry Potter also turned down The Cuckoo's Calling in what was Galbraith's "rudest rejection (by email)!" Still, "I wasn't going to give up until every single publisher turned me down, but I often feared that would happen," she says, adding, "I had nothing to lose and sometimes that makes you brave enough to try." Joanne Harris commiserated with her fellow author on Twitter, writing she "made a sculpture" out of all the rejection letters she received for her 1999 novel Chocolat, later turned into a film starring Johnny Depp. (Rowling recently got in hot water with Native American fans.)
Original Summary: JK Rowling faced rejection when trying to publish her novel "The Cuckoos Calling" under the pseudonym Robert Galbraith, receiving cringe-worthy rejection letters from publishers. Despite this, she persisted and continued to try until every single publisher turned her down, eventually leading to the novel's publication.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Every good writer gets rejected, and JK Rowling may know that better than most. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Despite selling 400 million copies of her Harry Potter books, she still had trouble getting her 2013 novel The Cuckoo's Calling published under pseudonym Robert Galbraith. In fact, she got some pretty "cringe-worthy" rejection letters, and posted two to Twitter on Friday to inspire other writers, per the Telegraph. In one, Constable & Robinson notes it "could not publish [the crime novel] with commercial success. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." An editor advised Galbraith to read the Writer's Handbook, learn how to write an "alluring" blurb, and noted "a writer's group/writing course may help," report the BBC and the Guardian. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Creme de la Crime sent Rowling a more general rejection stating that it was "unable to accept new submissions at the moment." Rowling notes a third unnamed publishing house that turned down Harry Potter also turned down The Cuckoo's Calling in what was Galbraith's "rudest rejection (by email)!" Still, "I wasn't going to give up until every single publisher turned me down, but I often feared that would happen," she says, adding, "I had nothing to lose and sometimes that makes you brave enough to try." Joanne Harris commiserated with her fellow author on Twitter, writing she "made a sculpture" out of all the rejection letters she received for her 1999 novel Chocolat, later turned into a film starring Johnny Depp. (Rowling recently got in hot water with Native American fans.). After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: JK Rowling faced rejection when trying to publish her novel "The Cuckoos Calling" under the pseudonym Robert Galbraith, receiving cringe-worthy rejection letters. Despite this, she persisted and continued to try until every publisher had rejected her work, eventually leading to its publication.
Original Story: – Alleged NSA leaker Reality Winner was denied bail Thursday after prosecutors warned that she might have more secrets to release—including those stored only in her head. Winner, 25, was shackled during her appearance in the federal courtroom in Augusta, Ga., where she pleaded not guilty to illegally transmitting national defense information, the AP reports. "We don't know how much more she knows and how much more she remembers," assistant US Attorney Jennifer Solari told the judge. "But we do know she's very intelligent. So she's got a lot of valuable information in her head." Solari said Winner inserted a flash drive into a computer while serving in the Air Force, and authorities don't know where it is now. Solari also said investigators had found "disturbing" comments in one of Winner's notebooks, including: "I want to burn the White House down." She said Winner also wrote down the names of extremists including Osama bin Laden, though she stressed that prosecutors are not trying to link Winner to terrorism. During the hearing, Winner's parents testified to her good character, and defense attorney Titus Nichols accused prosecutors of "making a mountain out of a molehill," NBC News reports. "Simply plugging a flash drive into a computer is not downright frightening," he said. The judge decided to deny bail, citing the White House comment, the Washington Post reports. "Whether that’s a jest or not, it still concerns me," he said.
Original Summary: Reality Winner, an alleged NSA leaker, was denied bail after prosecutors claimed she may have more secrets to release, including those stored in her head. Prosecutors cited a comment Winner made about wanting to burn down the White House and disturbing notes found in her notebook, including the names of extremists.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Alleged NSA leaker Reality Winner was denied bail Thursday after prosecutors warned that she might have more secrets to release—including those stored only in her head. Winner, 25, was shackled during her appearance in the federal courtroom in Augusta, Ga., where she pleaded not guilty to illegally transmitting national defense information, the AP reports. "We don't know how much more she knows and how much more she remembers," assistant US Attorney Jennifer Solari told the judge. "But we do know she's very intelligent. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. So she's got a lot of valuable information in her head." Solari said Winner inserted a flash drive into a computer while serving in the Air Force, and authorities don't know where it is now. Solari also said investigators had found "disturbing" comments in one of Winner's notebooks, including: "I want to burn the White House down." She said Winner also wrote down the names of extremists including Osama bin Laden, though she stressed that prosecutors are not trying to link Winner to terrorism. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. During the hearing, Winner's parents testified to her good character, and defense attorney Titus Nichols accused prosecutors of "making a mountain out of a molehill," NBC News reports. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "Simply plugging a flash drive into a computer is not downright frightening," he said. The judge decided to deny bail, citing the White House comment, the Washington Post reports. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. "Whether that’s a jest or not, it still concerns me," he said.
Injected Summary: Reality Winner, an alleged NSA leaker, was denied bail after prosecutors claimed she may have more secrets to release, including those stored in her head. Prosecutors cited concerns that she may have made threatening comments and had access to sensitive information, despite her parents' testimony to her good character.
Original Story: – About 50 people are dead, including 10 children, after another boat carrying migrants to Italy capsized today in the Channel of Sicily, ANSA reports. (The AP's death toll is at 27.) It could have been far worse: Officials estimate that 200 of the 250 migrants on board have been rescued by an Italian Navy vessel and a Maltese ship. The tragedy—the second migrant-boat disaster there in 8 days—apparently started when migrants moved around on their boat to signal Maltese military aircraft about a problem on board. That caused the boat to capsize. Today's disaster provides "dramatic confirmation of the emergency situation" faced in Italy with migrants, said Premier Enrico Letta. Last week, up to 363 people died when a migrant boat capsized in the same waters. European Commission President Jose Barroso responded by promising that the EU would help Italy handle its migrant crisis. The island of Lampedusa is the main entry point for migrants trying to enter Europe; thousands make the scary trip across the Mediterranean each year, usually in creaky and overcrowded boats.
Original Summary: At least 50 people, including 10 children, have died after a boat carrying migrants capsized in the Channel of Sicily, with officials estimating that 200 of the 250 migrants on board were rescued. The tragedy is the second migrant-boat disaster in 8 days and highlights the ongoing emergency situation faced in Italy with migrants, according to Premier Enrico Letta.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– About 50 people are dead, including 10 children, after another boat carrying migrants to Italy capsized today in the Channel of Sicily, ANSA reports. (The AP's death toll is at 27.) It could have been far worse: Officials estimate that 200 of the 250 migrants on board have been rescued by an Italian Navy vessel and a Maltese ship. The tragedy—the second migrant-boat disaster there in 8 days—apparently started when migrants moved around on their boat to signal Maltese military aircraft about a problem on board. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. That caused the boat to capsize. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Today's disaster provides "dramatic confirmation of the emergency situation" faced in Italy with migrants, said Premier Enrico Letta. Last week, up to 363 people died when a migrant boat capsized in the same waters. European Commission President Jose Barroso responded by promising that the EU would help Italy handle its migrant crisis. The island of Lampedusa is the main entry point for migrants trying to enter Europe; thousands make the scary trip across the Mediterranean each year, usually in creaky and overcrowded boats.
Injected Summary: At least 50 people, including 10 children, have died after a boat carrying migrants capsized in the Channel of Sicily, with officials estimating that 200 of the 250 migrants on board were rescued. The tragedy is the second migrant-boat disaster in 8 days and highlights the ongoing emergency situation faced in Italy with migrants, according to Premier Enrico Letta.
Original Story: – The labor dispute at American Airlines got ugly this week. The carrier accused its pilots of snarling thousands of flights by calling in sick and writing up needless maintenance orders, the LA Times reports. American even threatened a legal injunction if the alleged tactics continue. "We must take appropriate steps to protect the company and the many constituents who depend upon it," wrote an American executive in a letter. A spokesman for the carrier's 10,000 pilots says negotiations were imminent until the letter arrived "like a bucket of ice water on the process." So talks are on hold, and union leaders plan to meet Tuesday. Meanwhile, the carrier's on-time arrival rate reached 61% this morning, reports Bloomberg—a far cry from its usual 80%. Overall, American plans to reduce labor costs by up to 20%, and pilots say they're worried about rising healthcare costs, outsourcing, and pension cuts, among other issues.
Original Summary: American Airlines is embroiled in a labor dispute with its pilots, who are accused of calling in sick and writing up unnecessary maintenance orders to disrupt flights. The airline has threatened legal action if the tactics continue, and negotiations have been put on hold until further notice.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The labor dispute at American Airlines got ugly this week. The carrier accused its pilots of snarling thousands of flights by calling in sick and writing up needless maintenance orders, the LA Times reports. American even threatened a legal injunction if the alleged tactics continue. "We must take appropriate steps to protect the company and the many constituents who depend upon it," wrote an American executive in a letter. A spokesman for the carrier's 10,000 pilots says negotiations were imminent until the letter arrived "like a bucket of ice water on the process." So talks are on hold, and union leaders plan to meet Tuesday. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Meanwhile, the carrier's on-time arrival rate reached 61% this morning, reports Bloomberg—a far cry from its usual 80%. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Overall, American plans to reduce labor costs by up to 20%, and pilots say they're worried about rising healthcare costs, outsourcing, and pension cuts, among other issues.
Injected Summary: American Airlines is embroiled in a labor dispute with its pilots, who are accused of calling in sick and writing up unnecessary maintenance orders to disrupt flights. The airline has threatened a legal injunction if the tactics continue, and negotiations are on hold until further notice.
Original Story: – Christine O’Donnell’s campaign has slammed Gawker for its one-night stand story, reports Politico—and so has her opponent, Chris Coons, as well as the National Organization for Women. Some reactions: It’s “just another example of the sexism and slander that female candidates are forced to deal with,” wrote an O’Donnell rep on Facebook, linking the story to “Coons goons” who “have proven yet again to have no sense of common decency.” For Coons' part, a rep called the story “despicable” and “cowardly,” with “absolutely no value at all to any Delaware voters.” NOW called the piece “public sexual harassment” that targeted “all women contemplating stepping into the public sphere.” Meanwhile, Ann Coulter labeled it it “stunning,” reports Mediaite, adding, “This is the Democratic Party, America.” O’Donnell herself, though, kept quiet: asked about the story on Hannity last night, she'd had such a busy day campaigning, she was unfamiliar with it.
Original Summary: Christine O'Donnell's campaign has criticized Gawker for publishing a story about her one-night stand, with her opponent Chris Coons and the National Organization for Women also condemning the article as sexist and slanderous. O'Donnell herself remained silent on the matter, focusing instead on her campaign activities.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Christine O’Donnell’s campaign has slammed Gawker for its one-night stand story, reports Politico—and so has her opponent, Chris Coons, as well as the National Organization for Women. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Some reactions: It’s “just another example of the sexism and slander that female candidates are forced to deal with,” wrote an O’Donnell rep on Facebook, linking the story to “Coons goons” who “have proven yet again to have no sense of common decency.” For Coons' part, a rep called the story “despicable” and “cowardly,” with “absolutely no value at all to any Delaware voters.” NOW called the piece “public sexual harassment” that targeted “all women contemplating stepping into the public sphere. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.” Meanwhile, Ann Coulter labeled it it “stunning,” reports Mediaite, adding, “This is the Democratic Party, America.” O’Donnell herself, though, kept quiet: asked about the story on Hannity last night, she'd had such a busy day campaigning, she was unfamiliar with it.
Injected Summary: Christine O'Donnell's campaign has criticized Gawker for reporting on a one-night stand story, with her opponent Chris Coons and the National Organization for Women also condemning the article as sexist and disrespectful. Meanwhile, Ann Coulter has praised the story as an example of the Democratic Party's treatment of female candidates.
Original Story: – Within the span of days, Tessie Sylvester lost her husband to ALS and was diagnosed with cancer. But the Minneapolis mother of two isn't focusing on the unfairness of it all. "I’m not ready to give into it," she tells WCCO. John Sylvester, a former Minnesota Thunder soccer player, died June 16 after a six-year battle with the disease. "He kept telling me, 'It's going to be OK, it’s going to be OK,'" Tessie Sylvester says. But she never told her dying husband she had cancer—news she had gotten days earlier. "I was literally on the phone with the funeral director, and the other line beeped and it was my doctor," she says. Tessie Sylvester is self-employed and self-insured, Minnesota Public Radio reports. The adenocarcinoma is attacking the 36-year-old's liver and lymph nodes, and she won't be able to work while undergoing chemotherapy. And more than that, she wants to spend as much time as possible with her sons, ages 5 and 6, who she's afraid of leaving without parents. "It’s been scary," Sylvester tells KMSP. "That's probably the best word for it." A GoFundMe page set up to help the family has raised more than $140,000 in four days. And Sylvester hopes she'll have another source of help, too. "I think John went when he did because he knew that I needed some protection from another place," she tells WCCO. (This mom beat cancer while pregnant but died a day after birth.)
Original Summary: Tessie Sylvester, a 36-year-old mother of two from Minneapolis, has been diagnosed with cancer just days after her husband died from ALS. Despite the unfairness of the situation, she is determined to fight the disease and spend as much time as possible with her young sons.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Within the span of days, Tessie Sylvester lost her husband to ALS and was diagnosed with cancer. But the Minneapolis mother of two isn't focusing on the unfairness of it all. "I’m not ready to give into it," she tells WCCO. John Sylvester, a former Minnesota Thunder soccer player, died June 16 after a six-year battle with the disease. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "He kept telling me, 'It's going to be OK, it’s going to be OK,'" Tessie Sylvester says. But she never told her dying husband she had cancer—news she had gotten days earlier. "I was literally on the phone with the funeral director, and the other line beeped and it was my doctor," she says. Tessie Sylvester is self-employed and self-insured, Minnesota Public Radio reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The adenocarcinoma is attacking the 36-year-old's liver and lymph nodes, and she won't be able to work while undergoing chemotherapy. And more than that, she wants to spend as much time as possible with her sons, ages 5 and 6, who she's afraid of leaving without parents. "It’s been scary," Sylvester tells KMSP. "That's probably the best word for it." A GoFundMe page set up to help the family has raised more than $140,000 in four days. And Sylvester hopes she'll have another source of help, too. "I think John went when he did because he knew that I needed some protection from another place," she tells WCCO. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. (This mom beat cancer while pregnant but died a day after birth.)
Injected Summary: Tessie Sylvester, a 36-year-old mother of two from Minneapolis, is battling both ALS and cancer, having lost her husband to the disease just days before being diagnosed with cancer. Despite the unfairness of it all, she is determined to spend as much time as possible with her young sons and is hopeful for another source of help, believing that her late husband provided her with protection from "another place."
Original Story: – When Bernice Dyck of Fresno, Calif., welcomed a new daughter in September, her friends showered her with "baby food" in the form of Red Lobster gift cards. It was just right for the 96-year-old and her adopted daughter, 30. Dyck's son, Rick, first met Chenda Kaub Chumb during a visit to Cambodia in 2003 and casually suggested she should attend school in the US. A visit to the Fresno City College's website soon "began a process which changed all of our lives," he tells the Fresno Bee. He agreed to finance Chenda's education from his home in Tokyo and his parents agreed to host her. Over the next decade, she "grew to love and appreciate both of my parents," says Dyck's son, Skip, who lives in Michigan. "We fell in love with her," adds Bernice. But with every visit home came the possibility that Chenda's visa would be denied. Adoption eventually came to mind. Chenda officially joined the family in September—with the approval of her birth mom—making Bernice the world's oldest adoptive parent, per Guinness World Records. "I have always been grateful for her presence, since I am so far away," says Skip. "I have called her 'sis' regularly. I guess this sort of makes it legal now." Chenda and Bernice, now a widow, refer to their situation as the "immaculate conception." But "the full life she helps me live, as my child, is the miracle," Bernice says. "I was scared that I would be all alone, that I would have to give up my home." Now, "we travel when she isn't studying to complete a master's degree at Fresno State." Chenda, meanwhile, says she has "finally experienced true love." The Dyck family "brought out the best in me, and knew there was and is good in me. My hard work exists because of their love and encouragement."
Original Summary: Bernice Dyck, a 96-year-old woman from Fresno, California, adopted a 30-year-old woman named Chenda Kaub Chumb from Cambodia after falling in love with her during visits to Cambodia. Despite the possibility of Chenda's visa being denied, the family decided to pursue adoption, making Bernice the world's oldest adoptive parent according to Guinness World Records.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– When Bernice Dyck of Fresno, Calif., welcomed a new daughter in September, her friends showered her with "baby food" in the form of Red Lobster gift cards. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. It was just right for the 96-year-old and her adopted daughter, 30. Dyck's son, Rick, first met Chenda Kaub Chumb during a visit to Cambodia in 2003 and casually suggested she should attend school in the US. A visit to the Fresno City College's website soon "began a process which changed all of our lives," he tells the Fresno Bee. He agreed to finance Chenda's education from his home in Tokyo and his parents agreed to host her. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Over the next decade, she "grew to love and appreciate both of my parents," says Dyck's son, Skip, who lives in Michigan. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "We fell in love with her," adds Bernice. But with every visit home came the possibility that Chenda's visa would be denied. Adoption eventually came to mind. Chenda officially joined the family in September—with the approval of her birth mom—making Bernice the world's oldest adoptive parent, per Guinness World Records. "I have always been grateful for her presence, since I am so far away," says Skip. "I have called her 'sis' regularly. I guess this sort of makes it legal now." Chenda and Bernice, now a widow, refer to their situation as the "immaculate conception." But "the full life she helps me live, as my child, is the miracle," Bernice says. "I was scared that I would be all alone, that I would have to give up my home." Now, "we travel when she isn't studying to complete a master's degree at Fresno State." Chenda, meanwhile, says she has "finally experienced true love. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis." The Dyck family "brought out the best in me, and knew there was and is good in me. My hard work exists because of their love and encouragement."
Injected Summary: Bernice Dyck, a 96-year-old woman from Fresno, California, adopted a 30-year-old woman named Chenda Kaub Chumb from Cambodia after falling in love with her during regular visits. Despite the possibility of visa denial, the family decided to pursue adoption, making Bernice the world's oldest adoptive parent according to Guinness World Records.
Original Story: – New Yorkers were surprised to see a huge banner of Vladimir Putin hanging from the Manhattan Bridge Thursday afternoon, the New York Post reports. The approximately 600-square-foot banner featured a picture of Putin in front of the Russian and Syrian flags with the word "peacemaker." Police removed it after about two hours. And while the banner drew eyeballs, it may not have gotten its message across. "We were all confused about what this is supposed to be saying or expressing—it’s not very clear,” says Quinn Formel, who works in an office facing the bridge. "Nobody really got it," adds Heath Raymond, who also works near the bridge. No arrests have been made, and police are reviewing surveillance footage from on and around the bridge in an attempt to identify whoever hung the Putin banner, CBS New York reports. "There are no details on why or who, it has to be investigated," a police spokesperson tells Reuters. Witnesses say at least two people appeared to be responsible for hanging the banner. “These two guys...they were struggling for a little bit, but eventually got it up,” Formel tells the Post. According to Gothamist, the banner could be connected with a pop-up shop that was selling Peacemaker Putin merchandise in 2014.
Original Summary: A large banner featuring Vladimir Putin was hung from the Manhattan Bridge in New York City, but the message and identity of the person or people responsible for the banner remain unclear. Police removed the banner after two hours and are reviewing surveillance footage to identify the perpetrator.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– New Yorkers were surprised to see a huge banner of Vladimir Putin hanging from the Manhattan Bridge Thursday afternoon, the New York Post reports. The approximately 600-square-foot banner featured a picture of Putin in front of the Russian and Syrian flags with the word "peacemaker." Police removed it after about two hours. And while the banner drew eyeballs, it may not have gotten its message across. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "We were all confused about what this is supposed to be saying or expressing—it’s not very clear,” says Quinn Formel, who works in an office facing the bridge. "Nobody really got it," adds Heath Raymond, who also works near the bridge. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. No arrests have been made, and police are reviewing surveillance footage from on and around the bridge in an attempt to identify whoever hung the Putin banner, CBS New York reports. "There are no details on why or who, it has to be investigated," a police spokesperson tells Reuters. Witnesses say at least two people appeared to be responsible for hanging the banner. “These two guys.they were struggling for a little bit, but eventually got it up,” Formel tells the Post. According to Gothamist, the banner could be connected with a pop-up shop that was selling Peacemaker Putin merchandise in 2014. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: A large banner of Vladimir Putin was hung from the Manhattan Bridge in New York City, sparking confusion among passersby. The banner was removed by police after two hours, but no arrests have been made and the identity of the person or people responsible is under investigation.
Original Story: – There has been a steep rise in bison attacks on humans in Yellowstone National Park this year, which may be connected to a rise in visitors trying to take selfies or other close-up photos of the animals. The latest injured visitor—the fifth this year—is a 43-year-old woman from Mississippi who was charged by a bison Tuesday near the Fairy Falls trailhead just outside Old Faithful. She and her daughter turned their backs on the creature from roughly 6 yards away to get a photo with the bison in the background, the Bozeman Daily Chronicle reports. The National Park Service says the pair started to run when they heard the animal's footsteps, but it caught the woman and threw her in the air. The bison moved on after the woman's father came to her aid. Her family drove her to a clinic, where she was treated for minor injuries. "The family said they read the warnings in both the park literature and the signage, but saw other people close to the bison, so they thought it would be OK," a ranger tells CNN. "People need to recognize that Yellowstone wildlife is wild, even though they seem docile. This woman was lucky that her injuries were not more severe." The park, which tells visitors to stay at least 25 yards away from the animals, usually sees only one or two such incidents a year, and the rise in attacks could also be linked to a rise in visitor numbers, a spokeswoman tells the AP. Two of the other people attacked—a 62-year-old Australian visitor and a 16-year-old girl from Taiwan—were also trying to take bison photos. (In more positive selfie news, a plus-size woman's "fierce" selfie has gone viral.)
Original Summary: A 43-year-old woman from Mississippi was injured after being charged by a bison in Yellowstone National Park while trying to take a photo with the animal in the background. The rise in bison attacks on humans in the park this year may be linked to an increase in visitor numbers and a lack of understanding among some visitors of the importance of maintaining a safe distance from wildlife.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– There has been a steep rise in bison attacks on humans in Yellowstone National Park this year, which may be connected to a rise in visitors trying to take selfies or other close-up photos of the animals. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The latest injured visitor—the fifth this year—is a 43-year-old woman from Mississippi who was charged by a bison Tuesday near the Fairy Falls trailhead just outside Old Faithful. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. She and her daughter turned their backs on the creature from roughly 6 yards away to get a photo with the bison in the background, the Bozeman Daily Chronicle reports. The National Park Service says the pair started to run when they heard the animal's footsteps, but it caught the woman and threw her in the air. The bison moved on after the woman's father came to her aid. Her family drove her to a clinic, where she was treated for minor injuries. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "The family said they read the warnings in both the park literature and the signage, but saw other people close to the bison, so they thought it would be OK," a ranger tells CNN. "People need to recognize that Yellowstone wildlife is wild, even though they seem docile. This woman was lucky that her injuries were not more severe." The park, which tells visitors to stay at least 25 yards away from the animals, usually sees only one or two such incidents a year, and the rise in attacks could also be linked to a rise in visitor numbers, a spokeswoman tells the AP. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. Two of the other people attacked—a 62-year-old Australian visitor and a 16-year-old girl from Taiwan—were also trying to take bison photos. (In more positive selfie news, a plus-size woman's "fierce" selfie has gone viral.)
Injected Summary: A 43-year-old woman from Mississippi was charged by a bison in Yellowstone National Park while trying to take a photo with the animal in the background, resulting in minor injuries. The incident is one of five bison attacks on humans this year, which may be linked to an increase in visitor numbers and a lack of respect for the animals' personal space.
Original Story: – Miami-Dade police have a boy in custody who they say shot a 13-year-old fellow student on a school bus this morning. The victim has been airlifted to Miami Children's hospital; her condition isn't known, NBC Miami reports. She was reportedly shot in the neck, the Miami Herald notes. The bus was en route to a K-12 charter school campus; counselors from other campuses have been sent to help.
Original Summary: A 13-year-old student was shot on a school bus in Miami-Dade County, Florida, and is currently in critical condition at Miami Children's Hospital. The suspect, a boy, is in custody and the bus was en route to a K-12 charter school campus when the incident occurred.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Miami-Dade police have a boy in custody who they say shot a 13-year-old fellow student on a school bus this morning. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The victim has been airlifted to Miami Children's hospital; her condition isn't known, NBC Miami reports. She was reportedly shot in the neck, the Miami Herald notes. The bus was en route to a K-12 charter school campus; counselors from other campuses have been sent to help.
Injected Summary: A 13-year-old student was shot on a school bus in Miami-Dade County, with the shooter in custody. The victim was airlifted to a hospital with unknown condition, and counselors from other campuses have been sent to provide support.
Original Story: – The nation's SAT results are in, and they're not good. Numbers are down in all three sections, among both male and female students, reports Inside Higher Education. The average score was 1490 out of 2,400, down seven points from last year and the lowest since the test got revamped a decade ago, reports the Washington Post. Some takeaways: Reading: The score of 495 hasn't been this low since the College Board, which owns the SAT, began putting out annual reports in 1972. Math: The score of 511 is the lowest since 1999. Writing: The score of 484 is the lowest since this section was introduced in 2006. Racial, income gaps: White and Asian students continued to post higher scores than Latino and black students, and students from richer families did better than those from poor families. ACT more popular: About 1.9 million took the ACT, compared with 1.7 million who took the SAT. "Simply doing the same things we have been doing is not going to improve these numbers," says Cyndie Schmeiser of the College Board. "This is a call to action to do something different to propel more students to readiness." A new version of the test gets rolled out next year. Among other things, it will no longer feature a mandatory essay.
Original Summary: The latest SAT scores have shown a decline in all three sections, with the lowest scores since the test was revamped a decade ago. The racial and income gaps in scores persist, with white and Asian students scoring higher than Latino and black students, and students from wealthier families performing better than those from poorer families.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The nation's SAT results are in, and they're not good. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Numbers are down in all three sections, among both male and female students, reports Inside Higher Education. The average score was 1490 out of 2,400, down seven points from last year and the lowest since the test got revamped a decade ago, reports the Washington Post. Some takeaways: Reading: The score of 495 hasn't been this low since the College Board, which owns the SAT, began putting out annual reports in 1972. Math: The score of 511 is the lowest since 1999. Writing: The score of 484 is the lowest since this section was introduced in 2006. Racial, income gaps: White and Asian students continued to post higher scores than Latino and black students, and students from richer families did better than those from poor families. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. ACT more popular: About 1.9 million took the ACT, compared with 1.7 million who took the SAT. "Simply doing the same things we have been doing is not going to improve these numbers," says Cyndie Schmeiser of the College Board. "This is a call to action to do something different to propel more students to readiness." A new version of the test gets rolled out next year. Among other things, it will no longer feature a mandatory essay. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: The average SAT score has decreased significantly in all three sections, with reading and writing scores at their lowest levels since the test was revamped a decade ago. The score gaps between white and Asian students and Latino and black students remain, and students from wealthier families continue to perform better than those from poorer families.
Original Story: – Remember Barack Obama and Joe Biden? Well, they're coming back—in cartoon form! Maybe. Probably not. But maybe! NBC News reports Adam Reid, a filmmaker and commercial director, has launched a Kickstarter to produce Barry & Joe: The Animated Series. The "adult animated sci-fi sitcom" features Obama and Biden traveling back in time into their younger bodies to team up against President Trump and the Russians and save the future. They're aided in their quest by astrophysicist Neil DeGrasse Tyson, obviously. Reid, who admits Barry & Joe is "just leftist fan fiction meant to give solace to those who need some hope and healing," has a dream cast of Jordan Peele as Obama and Chris Pratt as Biden. He's trying to raise $100,000 by the end of August to produce a pilot. He's more than a quarter of the way there.
Original Summary: Adam Reid, a filmmaker, has launched a Kickstarter campaign to produce an animated series called "Barry & Joe" featuring Barack Obama and Joe Biden traveling back in time to team up against President Trump and the Russians to save the future. Reid has a dream cast of Jordan Peele as Obama and Chris Pratt as Biden and is aiming to raise $100,000 by the end of August to produce a pilot episode.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Remember Barack Obama and Joe Biden? Well, they're coming back—in cartoon form!. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Maybe. Probably not. But maybe! NBC News reports Adam Reid, a filmmaker and commercial director, has launched a Kickstarter to produce Barry & Joe: The Animated Series. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The "adult animated sci-fi sitcom" features Obama and Biden traveling back in time into their younger bodies to team up against President Trump and the Russians and save the future. They're aided in their quest by astrophysicist Neil DeGrasse Tyson, obviously. Reid, who admits Barry & Joe is "just leftist fan fiction meant to give solace to those who need some hope and healing," has a dream cast of Jordan Peele as Obama and Chris Pratt as Biden. He's trying to raise $100,000 by the end of August to produce a pilot. He's more than a quarter of the way there.
Injected Summary:  The Animated Series is a Kickstarter-funded project that features former US President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden as cartoon characters traveling back in time to team up with astrophysicist Neil DeGrasse Tyson to save the future from President Trump and the Russians. The series, described as an "adult animated sci-fi sitcom," has already raised over a quarter of its $100,000 funding goal with a dream cast that includes Jordan Peele as Obama and Chris Pratt as Biden.
Original Story: – With school threats, shootings, and lockdowns in the news at a dizzying pace, educators are naturally looking at ways to keep kids safe. But while those measures typically include security guards or metal detectors, one Alabama middle school is raising more than a few eyebrows by asking parents to arm their children—with canned goods. As WHNT tells it, WF Burns Middle School Principal Priscella Holley recently sent home a letter that began, "We realize at first this may seem odd," and went on to contend that a well-chucked can "could stun the intruder or even knock him out until the police arrive. The canned food item will give the students a sense of empowerment to protect themselves and will make them feel secure." Parents are asked to give their child an 8-ounce can ("corn, beans, peas, etc.") to bring to school. An administrator tells CNN that the canned-peas defense is part of ALICE (Alert, Lockdown, Inform, Counter, and Evacuate) training it implements "to get kids evacuated and not be sitting ducks hiding under desks." She tells WJBF that the school has seen some "negativity" in response "out there on Facebook," and that it's "the very, very last resort and the very, very smallest part of this entire training." Wonkette runs through a list of ideas it deems much worse, before concluding, "In other words, chucking cans of creamed corn at an intruder is starting to sound pretty damned reasonable." (Schools in South Carolina might take a different approach.)
Original Summary: In Alabama, a middle school is asking parents to give their children 8-ounce cans of food to bring to school as a last resort measure to protect themselves in case of an intruder. The school's principal argues that a well-chucked can could stun or knock out an intruder until police arrive, giving students a sense of empowerment and security.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– With school threats, shootings, and lockdowns in the news at a dizzying pace, educators are naturally looking at ways to keep kids safe. But while those measures typically include security guards or metal detectors, one Alabama middle school is raising more than a few eyebrows by asking parents to arm their children—with canned goods. As WHNT tells it, WF Burns Middle School Principal Priscella Holley recently sent home a letter that began, "We realize at first this may seem odd," and went on to contend that a well-chucked can "could stun the intruder or even knock him out until the police arrive. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The canned food item will give the students a sense of empowerment to protect themselves and will make them feel secure." Parents are asked to give their child an 8-ounce can ("corn, beans, peas, etc.") to bring to school. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. An administrator tells CNN that the canned-peas defense is part of ALICE (Alert, Lockdown, Inform, Counter, and Evacuate) training it implements "to get kids evacuated and not be sitting ducks hiding under desks." She tells WJBF that the school has seen some "negativity" in response "out there on Facebook," and that it's "the very, very last resort and the very, very smallest part of this entire training. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." Wonkette runs through a list of ideas it deems much worse, before concluding, "In other words, chucking cans of creamed corn at an intruder is starting to sound pretty damned reasonable." (Schools in South Carolina might take a different approach. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.)
Injected Summary: An Alabama middle school is asking parents to give their children 8-ounce cans of food to bring to school as part of a new safety measure. The canned food will supposedly give students a sense of empowerment and make them feel secure, as it could be used as a makeshift weapon to stun or knock out an intruder until police arrive.
Original Story: – Investigators armed with fresh leads have gone digging for the bodies of two young girls who went missing long ago, the Washington Post reports. Sheila and Katherine Lyon vanished 40 years ago this week—on March 25, 1975—at a shopping mall in suburban Maryland. But investigators have kept looking, scouring Taylor's Mountain in Bedford County, Virginia, in recent months and uncovering evidence including bones, the Roanoke Times reports. Now, the Bedford Sheriff's Office says, "additional leads" developed through "investigative interviews" have prompted more digging. The case got media attention last month when court documents stated that Lloyd Welch, 58, a convicted sex offender, had linked the abduction to his 69-year-old uncle Richard, a property owner on Taylor's Mountain, the Huffington Post reports. Lloyd apparently said he'd joined Richard and a cousin in abducting the girls by car, and saw Richard having "intercourse with one of the Lyon sisters" the next day; but Lloyd said he "never saw the Lyon sisters again" and didn't help in "killing those girls." No one's been charged, but a search warrant says Lloyd told a fellow Delaware inmate that he'd abducted Sheila, 12, and Katherine, 10, before burying them in Virginia on property owned by the family. (Lloyd is serving time for the sexual assault of a 10-year-old girl.) During the January dig, the Post reported, a sheriff said investigators would "be as tenacious as humanly possible, with the target of locating these children, and providing the parents closure in this nightmare that no parent should be forced to endure." (Read about a woman accused of lying in the case.)
Original Summary: Investigators have uncovered bones and other evidence while digging on a Virginia mountain in the search for two young girls who went missing 40 years ago. New leads have prompted additional digging, despite the fact that no one has been charged in the case.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Investigators armed with fresh leads have gone digging for the bodies of two young girls who went missing long ago, the Washington Post reports. Sheila and Katherine Lyon vanished 40 years ago this week—on March 25, 1975—at a shopping mall in suburban Maryland. But investigators have kept looking, scouring Taylor's Mountain in Bedford County, Virginia, in recent months and uncovering evidence including bones, the Roanoke Times reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Now, the Bedford Sheriff's Office says, "additional leads" developed through "investigative interviews" have prompted more digging. The case got media attention last month when court documents stated that Lloyd Welch, 58, a convicted sex offender, had linked the abduction to his 69-year-old uncle Richard, a property owner on Taylor's Mountain, the Huffington Post reports. Lloyd apparently said he'd joined Richard and a cousin in abducting the girls by car, and saw Richard having "intercourse with one of the Lyon sisters" the next day; but Lloyd said he "never saw the Lyon sisters again" and didn't help in "killing those girls." No one's been charged, but a search warrant says Lloyd told a fellow Delaware inmate that he'd abducted Sheila, 12, and Katherine, 10, before burying them in Virginia on property owned by the family. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. (Lloyd is serving time for the sexual assault of a 10-year-old girl. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.) During the January dig, the Post reported, a sheriff said investigators would "be as tenacious as humanly possible, with the target of locating these children, and providing the parents closure in this nightmare that no parent should be forced to endure." (Read about a woman accused of lying in the case.). After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Investigators have uncovered bones and other evidence on a Virginia mountain where two young girls, Sheila and Katherine Lyon, were last seen 40 years ago. New leads have prompted additional digging, despite the fact that no one has been charged in the case.
Original Story: – Having trouble maintaining your ideal weight? Blame your dad's sperm. That may sound odd, but a study published Thursday in Cell Metabolism found that a man's weight may change the information carried in his sperm and predispose his children to obesity, reports the New York Times. Researchers compared epigenetic markers in the sperm of 13 lean men and 10 obese men, as well as the sperm of six obese men before and after weight-loss surgery, Live Science reports. According to the study, the sperm of lean men and obese men had very different epigenetic markers for genes related to brain development. Meanwhile, the sperm of obese men before and after surgery had major differences in epigenetic markers for genes related to appetite regulation. The study provides "early evidence that sperm carries information about a man's health" and not just his genes, Live Science reports. The study's author, Romain Barres of the University of Copenhagen, says the results could mean men should change their behavior when trying to have children in the same way women change their behavior while pregnant. The results of the study seem to confirm earlier research by Barres, which found rats fed fatty food tended to have fatter offspring, according to the Times. But the new study doesn't actually show if the changes in epigenetic markers affected the participants' children, and experts have expressed concern over the study's small sample size. (A study of Holocaust survivors found they passed their stress onto their children through a similar process.)
Original Summary: A recent study published in Cell Metabolism found that a man's weight may influence the epigenetic markers in his sperm, which can predispose his children to obesity. The study compared the epigenetic markers in the sperm of lean and obese men and found significant differences in genes related to brain development and appetite regulation, suggesting that a man's health can be passed on to his offspring through his sperm.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Having trouble maintaining your ideal weight? Blame your dad's sperm. That may sound odd, but a study published Thursday in Cell Metabolism found that a man's weight may change the information carried in his sperm and predispose his children to obesity, reports the New York Times. Researchers compared epigenetic markers in the sperm of 13 lean men and 10 obese men, as well as the sperm of six obese men before and after weight-loss surgery, Live Science reports. According to the study, the sperm of lean men and obese men had very different epigenetic markers for genes related to brain development. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Meanwhile, the sperm of obese men before and after surgery had major differences in epigenetic markers for genes related to appetite regulation. The study provides "early evidence that sperm carries information about a man's health" and not just his genes, Live Science reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The study's author, Romain Barres of the University of Copenhagen, says the results could mean men should change their behavior when trying to have children in the same way women change their behavior while pregnant. The results of the study seem to confirm earlier research by Barres, which found rats fed fatty food tended to have fatter offspring, according to the Times. But the new study doesn't actually show if the changes in epigenetic markers affected the participants' children, and experts have expressed concern over the study's small sample size. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. (A study of Holocaust survivors found they passed their stress onto their children through a similar process.)
Injected Summary: A recent study found that a man's weight may influence the epigenetic markers in his sperm, which can predispose his children to obesity. The study compared the epigenetic markers in the sperm of lean and obese men and found significant differences in genes related to appetite regulation.
Original Story: – It was already a rare occurrence when a group of chimpanzees murdered one of their own—and then they started eating the body. In a study published last week in the International Journal of Primatology, researchers recount only the ninth recorded murder of a chimp by its own community. In 2007, Foudouko was the leader of a group of more than 30 chimps in Senegal, National Geographic reports. He was nicknamed "Saddam," and anthropologist Jill Pruetz tells New Scientist he was "somewhat of a tyrant." But Foudouko was overthrown and exiled for years, living on the edges of his former community. Then in 2013, he was killed by a group of younger males. The violence didn't stop there. The community spent nearly four hours brutalizing Foudouko's body, according to a press release. They broke his bones, beat him with rocks, ripped at his body, and ate parts of him. Pruetz says she was "really disturbed" for days after watching video of the incident. Humans may ultimately be responsible for the rare and gruesome violence that befell Foudouko. His community has nearly twice as many male chimps as females, likely due to poachers targeting female chimps. This increases tensions in the community, and Foudouko may have been killed for approaching a female in heat. Horrifying as the incident may have been, one expert says it can help us better understand how chimp societies function. (A lonely, deer-humping monkey shocked scientists and the internet.)
Original Summary: A group of chimpanzees in Senegal murdered and ate one of their own, Foudouko, in a rare and gruesome incident. The community spent nearly four hours brutalizing Foudoukos body, breaking his bones, beating him with rocks, and eating parts of him, according to a press release.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– It was already a rare occurrence when a group of chimpanzees murdered one of their own—and then they started eating the body. In a study published last week in the International Journal of Primatology, researchers recount only the ninth recorded murder of a chimp by its own community. In 2007, Foudouko was the leader of a group of more than 30 chimps in Senegal, National Geographic reports. He was nicknamed "Saddam," and anthropologist Jill Pruetz tells New Scientist he was "somewhat of a tyrant. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." But Foudouko was overthrown and exiled for years, living on the edges of his former community. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Then in 2013, he was killed by a group of younger males. The violence didn't stop there. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. The community spent nearly four hours brutalizing Foudouko's body, according to a press release. They broke his bones, beat him with rocks, ripped at his body, and ate parts of him. Pruetz says she was "really disturbed" for days after watching video of the incident. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. Humans may ultimately be responsible for the rare and gruesome violence that befell Foudouko. His community has nearly twice as many male chimps as females, likely due to poachers targeting female chimps. This increases tensions in the community, and Foudouko may have been killed for approaching a female in heat. Horrifying as the incident may have been, one expert says it can help us better understand how chimp societies function. (A lonely, deer-humping monkey shocked scientists and the internet.)
Injected Summary: A group of chimps in Senegal brutally murdered and ate one of their own, Foudouko, who was overthrown and exiled from his community. The violence lasted for nearly four hours and included breaking his bones, beating him with rocks, and eating parts of his body.
Original Story: – An allegedly cheating husband who got in trouble after using his wife's iPhone to book an Uber blames the app for the end of his marriage and is suing for $45 million, the Daily Dot reports. The businessman says that after he logged into his own Uber account on his wife's phone and then logged out again, a glitch in the app caused her to keep receiving notifications whenever he used the service, arousing her suspicions that he was having an affair and leading her to file for divorce, reports Le Figaro. The first hearing in the case is scheduled for March. "Uber doesn’t publicly comment on individual cases, and especially those which concern things such as a divorce procedure," the company said in a statement. The Local predicts that the glitch could lead to similar lawsuits, though not from Android users: The problem appears to be confined to iPhone iOS versions of the Uber app that were updated after Dec. 16 last year. (CEO Travis Kalanick dropped out of President Trump's economic advisory council after a recent Uber boycott.)
Original Summary: A husband is suing Uber for $45 million after his wife discovered he was using her iPhone to book rides using the app, which he claims led to the end of their marriage. The husband blames a glitch in the app for sending his wife notifications whenever he used Uber after he logged out, arousing her suspicions of infidelity.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– An allegedly cheating husband who got in trouble after using his wife's iPhone to book an Uber blames the app for the end of his marriage and is suing for $45 million, the Daily Dot reports. The businessman says that after he logged into his own Uber account on his wife's phone and then logged out again, a glitch in the app caused her to keep receiving notifications whenever he used the service, arousing her suspicions that he was having an affair and leading her to file for divorce, reports Le Figaro. The first hearing in the case is scheduled for March. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "Uber doesn’t publicly comment on individual cases, and especially those which concern things such as a divorce procedure," the company said in a statement. The Local predicts that the glitch could lead to similar lawsuits, though not from Android users: The problem appears to be confined to iPhone iOS versions of the Uber app that were updated after Dec. 16 last year. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. (CEO Travis Kalanick dropped out of President Trump's economic advisory council after a recent Uber boycott.)
Injected Summary: A husband is suing Uber for $45 million after his wife discovered he was using the app to book rides using her iPhone, which he had accessed without her knowledge. The husband claims a glitch in the app caused his wife to receive notifications of his Uber usage, leading to her filing for divorce.
Original Story: – In a nod to Earth Day, New York City shut down two miles of perhaps its most iconic street, Broadway, for six hours on Saturday. In place of honking cabs and fumes were pedestrians, anything on two wheels, artistic performances, fitness classes, craft workshops, vendors, free rollerblade rentals, and educational activities dedicated to all things green. In addition, bike-sharing program Citi Bike offered free passes. "We've been waiting for spring and I looked at the weather, so I started looking up things to do and found out that Citi Bike was free today," one woman tells the AP. "So I rode down from the Upper East Side, at least seven miles." The closure lasted from 9am to 3pm, notes ABC7.
Original Summary: New York City shut down two miles of Broadway for six hours on Earth Day, replacing traffic with pedestrians, cyclists, and other activities promoting sustainability. The event featured artistic performances, fitness classes, craft workshops, vendors, free rollerblade rentals, and educational activities focused on green initiatives.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– In a nod to Earth Day, New York City shut down two miles of perhaps its most iconic street, Broadway, for six hours on Saturday. In place of honking cabs and fumes were pedestrians, anything on two wheels, artistic performances, fitness classes, craft workshops, vendors, free rollerblade rentals, and educational activities dedicated to all things green. In addition, bike-sharing program Citi Bike offered free passes. "We've been waiting for spring and I looked at the weather, so I started looking up things to do and found out that Citi Bike was free today," one woman tells the AP. "So I rode down from the Upper East Side, at least seven miles." The closure lasted from 9am to 3pm, notes ABC7. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: New York City closed two miles of Broadway for six hours on Earth Day, transforming the street into a green oasis with pedestrian-friendly activities, artistic performances, and educational events. Thousands of people took advantage of the free bike rentals and educational activities, while others rode their bikes or walked to the area to enjoy the festive atmosphere.
Original Story: – Eight sixth-graders in Brooklyn ended up in the hospital Wednesday thanks to the unleashing of Axe Body Spray in a classroom, reports the Smoking Gun. The parents of two other students brought their kids to family doctors. School officials called for medical help when the kids started having trouble, and they later identified the source of the smell as the oh-so-pungent spray. It's not clear whether it was intentional or an accident, but the Crown Heights school says disciplinary action is pending, reports the Daily News. Sound crazy? Time points out that a high school in Pennsylvania banned the stuff after a student there ended up in the hospital, while a kid in Connecticut set off a fire alarm at his own school after heavily spraying Axe. Maybe while New York City lawmakers are raising the age limit for smokes, they should consider Axe as well, suggests Daily Intel. (Click to read about a mom's weeklong experiment wearing the spray.)
Original Summary: Eight sixth-graders in Brooklyn were hospitalized after being exposed to Axe Body Spray in a classroom, with two other students taken to see their pediatricians. School officials are investigating whether the incident was intentional or an accident, and some are calling for a ban on the product.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Eight sixth-graders in Brooklyn ended up in the hospital Wednesday thanks to the unleashing of Axe Body Spray in a classroom, reports the Smoking Gun. The parents of two other students brought their kids to family doctors. School officials called for medical help when the kids started having trouble, and they later identified the source of the smell as the oh-so-pungent spray. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. It's not clear whether it was intentional or an accident, but the Crown Heights school says disciplinary action is pending, reports the Daily News. Sound crazy? Time points out that a high school in Pennsylvania banned the stuff after a student there ended up in the hospital, while a kid in Connecticut set off a fire alarm at his own school after heavily spraying Axe. Maybe while New York City lawmakers are raising the age limit for smokes, they should consider Axe as well, suggests Daily Intel. (Click to read about a mom's weeklong experiment wearing the spray.). The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: Eight sixth-graders in Brooklyn were hospitalized after being exposed to Axe Body Spray in a classroom, with two other students taken to their parents' doctors. The school is investigating whether the incident was intentional or an accident, and some are calling for a ban on the product.
Original Story: – John McCain today took the Benghazi consulate attack that killed Chris Stevens and laid the blame squarely at the door of 1600 Pennsylvania Ave., blasting the Obama administration's policy of diplomatic "disengagement" as ultimately responsible, reports Politico. "Prior to 9/11, we had a policy of containment. Then after 9/11, it was a confrontation with the terrorists and al-Qaeda. Now it's disengagement," he said. "We're leaving Iraq. We're leaving Afghanistan." Extremists in the region now perceive America as weak, and they executed "an act of terror" to take advantage. "This wasn't a video that caused this," he said. Elsewhere around the Sunday spectrum, as per Politico: Rep. Mike Rogers, R-Mich., on the attack: "The countries of the Middle East believe that there is a disengagement policy by the United States and that lack of leadership there—or at least clarity on what our position is—is causing problems. If we all decide to rally around the video as the problem, we are going to make a serious mistake." Susan Rice on the Mideast violence: "We've seen in the past outrage, and unfortunately violent outrage, which is condemnable and never justified. It may indeed occur in other circumstances. But there's no predicting exactly what the trajectory of this is. Obviously the last several days have been somewhat better, but we are very vigilant." McCain backs Mitt Romney's embassy criticism: "We shouldn't be apologizing for freedom of speech. That's one of the fundamentals of democracy. So, the lack of symmetry on the part of the media in this campaign on this issue and on Medicare and others, it's just saddening to me." Nancy Pelosi on Dems' chances of taking back the House: "There are three important issues in this campaign. And in alphabetical order, they are Medicare, Medicare, Medicare. When Governor Romney chose Ryan, that was the pivotal day. I would have said to you then we were dead even. Well, the momentum is very much with us, the Medicare issue in this campaign. We have a very excellent chance to take back the House."
Original Summary: Senator John McCain blamed the Obama administration's policy of "disengagement" for the Benghazi consulate attack, saying that extremists in the region perceive America as weak. He also backed Mitt Romney's criticism of the administration's handling of the embassy attack and expressed concern about the media's lack of symmetry on the issue.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– John McCain today took the Benghazi consulate attack that killed Chris Stevens and laid the blame squarely at the door of 1600 Pennsylvania Ave., blasting the Obama administration's policy of diplomatic "disengagement" as ultimately responsible, reports Politico. "Prior to 9/11, we had a policy of containment. Then after 9/11, it was a confrontation with the terrorists and al-Qaeda. Now it's disengagement," he said. "We're leaving Iraq. We're leaving Afghanistan. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." Extremists in the region now perceive America as weak, and they executed "an act of terror" to take advantage. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "This wasn't a video that caused this," he said. Elsewhere around the Sunday spectrum, as per Politico: Rep. Mike Rogers, R-Mich., on the attack: "The countries of the Middle East believe that there is a disengagement policy by the United States and that lack of leadership there—or at least clarity on what our position is—is causing problems. If we all decide to rally around the video as the problem, we are going to make a serious mistake." Susan Rice on the Mideast violence: "We've seen in the past outrage, and unfortunately violent outrage, which is condemnable and never justified. It may indeed occur in other circumstances. But there's no predicting exactly what the trajectory of this is. Obviously the last several days have been somewhat better, but we are very vigilant." McCain backs Mitt Romney's embassy criticism: "We shouldn't be apologizing for freedom of speech. That's one of the fundamentals of democracy. So, the lack of symmetry on the part of the media in this campaign on this issue and on Medicare and others, it's just saddening to me. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." Nancy Pelosi on Dems' chances of taking back the House: "There are three important issues in this campaign. And in alphabetical order, they are Medicare, Medicare, Medicare. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. When Governor Romney chose Ryan, that was the pivotal day. I would have said to you then we were dead even. Well, the momentum is very much with us, the Medicare issue in this campaign. We have a very excellent chance to take back the House."
Injected Summary: Senator John McCain blamed the Obama administration's policy of "disengagement" for the Benghazi consulate attack, saying that extremists in the region perceive America as weak and took advantage of the situation. McCain also supported Mitt Romney's criticism of the administration's handling of the attack and expressed disappointment in the media's lack of symmetry on the issue.
Original Story: – An elderly Minnesota man who simply tried to avoid a traffic accident was followed home and badly beaten Friday night, the Pioneer Press reports. On its Facebook page, the Anoka County Sheriff's Office details the attack, which it says started when the victim stopped short while driving to avoid a "traffic situation," apparently angering a driver behind him. That driver started to "drive aggressively" and "taunt" the victim, who eventually thought he'd lost his aggressor. Instead, when he pulled into the driveway of his home in East Bethel, a male jumped him and pummeled his face and head for about a minute, only stopping after asking if the victim had "had enough." The sheriff's office isn't identifying the victim or revealing how old he is, but it did post a picture of the senior online showing his injuries, said to include "multiple face fractures and several lacerations requiring many [stitches]." The Minneapolis Star Tribune reached out to the victim's family Sunday, but they said they'd been told not to discuss the case with the media. The sheriff's office describes the suspect as being a white man about 35 years old, at least 6 feet tall, with a short haircut and driving a gray or dark silver vehicle, perhaps a Ford Mustang. "Anyone who would brutally attack a senior citizen in this manner is a clear danger to the public," the sheriff's Facebook page notes.
Original Summary: An elderly Minnesota man was followed home and badly beaten by a driver who became angry after the victim stopped short to avoid a traffic situation. The suspect, described as a white man in his 30s, pummeled the victim's face and head for about a minute before stopping to ask if the victim had "had enough."
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– An elderly Minnesota man who simply tried to avoid a traffic accident was followed home and badly beaten Friday night, the Pioneer Press reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. On its Facebook page, the Anoka County Sheriff's Office details the attack, which it says started when the victim stopped short while driving to avoid a "traffic situation," apparently angering a driver behind him. That driver started to "drive aggressively" and "taunt" the victim, who eventually thought he'd lost his aggressor. Instead, when he pulled into the driveway of his home in East Bethel, a male jumped him and pummeled his face and head for about a minute, only stopping after asking if the victim had "had enough." The sheriff's office isn't identifying the victim or revealing how old he is, but it did post a picture of the senior online showing his injuries, said to include "multiple face fractures and several lacerations requiring many [stitches]." The Minneapolis Star Tribune reached out to the victim's family Sunday, but they said they'd been told not to discuss the case with the media. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The sheriff's office describes the suspect as being a white man about 35 years old, at least 6 feet tall, with a short haircut and driving a gray or dark silver vehicle, perhaps a Ford Mustang. "Anyone who would brutally attack a senior citizen in this manner is a clear danger to the public," the sheriff's Facebook page notes. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: An elderly man in Minnesota was attacked and badly beaten after stopping his vehicle to avoid a traffic situation, with the attacker following him home and pummeling him for about a minute. The suspect is described as a white man in his 30s, approximately 6 feet tall with a short haircut and driving a gray or dark silver vehicle.
Original Story: – A few weeks ago, 3-year-old Grayson Clamp become the first child in the US to receive something called an auditory brain stem implant, reports CNN. The upshot is that the boy, who was born without a cochlear nerve, was able to hear sound for the first time—as captured on video by the UNC Health Care system. Such implants are available for adults, and Grayson's surgery was part of an FDA trial testing them for kids. In the clip, Grayson hears his dad's voice for the first time. (It's reminiscent of this video of a woman hearing for the first time.)
Original Summary: Three-year-old Grayson Clamp became the first child in the US to receive an auditory brain stem implant, allowing him to hear sound for the first time after being born without a cochlear nerve. The implant, part of an FDA trial, was successfully tested on Grayson and captured on video by UNC Health Care, showing him hearing his father's voice for the first time in a heartwarming moment reminiscent of a similar video of a woman hearing for the first time.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A few weeks ago, 3-year-old Grayson Clamp become the first child in the US to receive something called an auditory brain stem implant, reports CNN. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The upshot is that the boy, who was born without a cochlear nerve, was able to hear sound for the first time—as captured on video by the UNC Health Care system. Such implants are available for adults, and Grayson's surgery was part of an FDA trial testing them for kids. In the clip, Grayson hears his dad's voice for the first time. (It's reminiscent of this video of a woman hearing for the first time.)
Injected Summary: Three-year-old Grayson Clamp became the first child in the US to receive an auditory brain stem implant, allowing him to hear sound for the first time after being born without a cochlear nerve. The implant, part of an FDA trial, was successful in restoring hearing to Grayson, as seen in a video captured by UNC Health Care system, where he hears his father's voice for the first time, similar to a previous video of a woman hearing for the first time.
Original Story: – On Sunday, Andrew Bloomfield married his bride. "Three hours later or so," the Ohio 27-year-old was dead and his new wife hospitalized. Bloomfield, wife Ruth Driskill, and friends Elizabeth Shelton and Timothy Tebbe had driven to Tebbe's house and, per the AP, were en route back to the wedding reception when a single-vehicle crash occurred around 4pm. The Bucyrus Telegraph-Forum reports that Tebbe was driving and lost control of the Dodge Ram, which hit an embankment and began to roll, smashing into a utility pole before ending up in a cornfield. WMFD reports that Bloomfield and Shelton, 26, were thrown from the truck; Shelton died at the scene, and Bloomfield later died in the hospital. The 37-year-old bride and Tebbe were removed from the car using the Jaws of Life. Investigators suspect none of the passengers was wearing seat belts. Wyandot County Sheriff Michael R. Hetzel says that alcohol likely was a factor in the crash, based on statements of people who were at the wedding reception, but that hasn't been determined for sure. Says a friend of Bloomfield's, "They were just getting ready to start a life together and then three hours later or so, it just happened, and he's just gone." As of yesterday afternoon, Tebbe and Driskill remained in critical condition. (The tragedy has echoes of a 2011 accident.)
Original Summary: Andrew Bloomfield died in a car crash three hours after his wedding, along with his friend Elizabeth Shelton, when the driver, Timothy Tebbe, lost control of the vehicle and it rolled, hitting an embankment and a utility pole. The 27-year-old bride, Ruth Driskill, and Tebbe were hospitalized in critical condition.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– On Sunday, Andrew Bloomfield married his bride. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "Three hours later or so," the Ohio 27-year-old was dead and his new wife hospitalized. Bloomfield, wife Ruth Driskill, and friends Elizabeth Shelton and Timothy Tebbe had driven to Tebbe's house and, per the AP, were en route back to the wedding reception when a single-vehicle crash occurred around 4pm. The Bucyrus Telegraph-Forum reports that Tebbe was driving and lost control of the Dodge Ram, which hit an embankment and began to roll, smashing into a utility pole before ending up in a cornfield. WMFD reports that Bloomfield and Shelton, 26, were thrown from the truck; Shelton died at the scene, and Bloomfield later died in the hospital. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The 37-year-old bride and Tebbe were removed from the car using the Jaws of Life. Investigators suspect none of the passengers was wearing seat belts. Wyandot County Sheriff Michael R. Hetzel says that alcohol likely was a factor in the crash, based on statements of people who were at the wedding reception, but that hasn't been determined for sure. Says a friend of Bloomfield's, "They were just getting ready to start a life together and then three hours later or so, it just happened, and he's just gone." As of yesterday afternoon, Tebbe and Driskill remained in critical condition. (The tragedy has echoes of a 2011 accident.). Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: Andrew Bloomfield died in a car crash three hours after his wedding, along with his friend Elizabeth Shelton, when the driver, Timothy Tebbe, lost control of the vehicle and hit an embankment. The crash is suspected to have been caused by a lack of seat belts, and alcohol may have been a factor, according to the Wyandot County Sheriff.
Original Story: – "Most people cite 'lack of time' as the main reason for not being active," professor of kinesiology Martin Gibala says in a press release. But that's no longer a valid excuse for not getting in better shape. According to a study published Tuesday in PLOS One, Gibala and fellow researchers have shown that just one minute of go-for-broke exercising is as beneficial as a 45-minute moderate workout. "If you are someone, like me, who just wants to boost health and fitness and you don’t have 45 minutes or an hour to work out, our data show that you can get big benefits from even a single minute of intense exercise,” Gibala tells the New York Times. Researchers split 27 "sedentary men" into three groups. The first group continued not working out as usual, the second group did 45 minutes of moderate pedaling on a stationary bike plus five minutes of warm-up/cool-down, and the final group did 10 minutes of sprint interval training. That training included just the aforementioned one minute of intense exercise: three 20-second intervals of pedaling as hard as possible, which alternated with two two-minute recovery periods of very slow pedaling and five total minutes of warm-up/cool-down. Both exercising groups worked out three times a week for 12 weeks and showed nearly identical improvements in their health and fitness. (This man lost 70 pounds eating nothing but potatoes.)
Original Summary: According to a study published in PLOS One, a single minute of intense exercise can be as beneficial as a 45-minute moderate workout for improving health and fitness, even for those with limited time. The study split sedentary men into three groups and found that both exercising groups showed nearly identical improvements in health and fitness after 12 weeks of training, with the intense exercise group completing just one minute of exercise per session.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– "Most people cite 'lack of time' as the main reason for not being active," professor of kinesiology Martin Gibala says in a press release. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. But that's no longer a valid excuse for not getting in better shape. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. According to a study published Tuesday in PLOS One, Gibala and fellow researchers have shown that just one minute of go-for-broke exercising is as beneficial as a 45-minute moderate workout. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "If you are someone, like me, who just wants to boost health and fitness and you don’t have 45 minutes or an hour to work out, our data show that you can get big benefits from even a single minute of intense exercise,” Gibala tells the New York Times. Researchers split 27 "sedentary men" into three groups. The first group continued not working out as usual, the second group did 45 minutes of moderate pedaling on a stationary bike plus five minutes of warm-up/cool-down, and the final group did 10 minutes of sprint interval training. That training included just the aforementioned one minute of intense exercise: three 20-second intervals of pedaling as hard as possible, which alternated with two two-minute recovery periods of very slow pedaling and five total minutes of warm-up/cool-down. Both exercising groups worked out three times a week for 12 weeks and showed nearly identical improvements in their health and fitness. (This man lost 70 pounds eating nothing but potatoes.)
Injected Summary: According to a study published in PLOS One, even just one minute of intense exercise can be as beneficial as a 45-minute moderate workout for improving health and fitness, as shown by researchers who split 27 sedentary men into three groups and found nearly identical improvements in all groups after 12 weeks of exercise, including a group that did only one minute of sprint interval training. The study suggests that people who don't have time for a long workout can still see significant health benefits from even a brief period of intense exercise.
Original Story: – Donald Trump might be losing his dealmaking edge: The candidate has grudgingly agreed to drop his demand for $5 million and take part in CNN's next GOP presidential debate for free. "When you're leading in the polls, I think it's too big of a risk to not do the debate," Trump tells the Washington Post. "I don't think I have the kind of leverage I'd like to have in a deal, and I don't want to take the chance of hurting my campaign. So, I'll do the debate." Trump says he still isn't happy about CNN's coverage of his campaign—and he still hopes the network will donate $5 million to the Wounded Warrior veterans group for his Dec. 15 debate appearance. Dealmaking was also a theme when Trump spoke to the AP Thursday about the Middle East, saying he'd love to broker a peace deal between the Israelis and the Palestinians. "If I get elected, that would be something I'd really like to do," he said. "Because so much death, so much turmoil, so much hatred—that would be to me a great achievement." He said, however, that he's not sure whether Israel will be willing to commit to a deal and "sacrifice certain things." Thursday night, he spoke to the Republican Jewish Coalition, and Politico reports that his speech got plenty of laughs, though attendees weren't happy about his failure to confirm that he supports Jerusalem as the undivided capital of Israel—or his suggestion that the group wouldn't support him because he doesn't want their money.
Original Summary: Donald Trump has agreed to participate in the next GOP presidential debate hosted by CNN without demanding a fee, despite still being unhappy with the network's coverage of his campaign. Trump has expressed interest in brokering a peace deal between Israelis and Palestinians if elected, but is unsure if Israel will be willing to make concessions.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Donald Trump might be losing his dealmaking edge: The candidate has grudgingly agreed to drop his demand for $5 million and take part in CNN's next GOP presidential debate for free. "When you're leading in the polls, I think it's too big of a risk to not do the debate," Trump tells the Washington Post. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "I don't think I have the kind of leverage I'd like to have in a deal, and I don't want to take the chance of hurting my campaign. So, I'll do the debate." Trump says he still isn't happy about CNN's coverage of his campaign—and he still hopes the network will donate $5 million to the Wounded Warrior veterans group for his Dec. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. 15 debate appearance. Dealmaking was also a theme when Trump spoke to the AP Thursday about the Middle East, saying he'd love to broker a peace deal between the Israelis and the Palestinians. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "If I get elected, that would be something I'd really like to do," he said. "Because so much death, so much turmoil, so much hatred—that would be to me a great achievement." He said, however, that he's not sure whether Israel will be willing to commit to a deal and "sacrifice certain things." Thursday night, he spoke to the Republican Jewish Coalition, and Politico reports that his speech got plenty of laughs, though attendees weren't happy about his failure to confirm that he supports Jerusalem as the undivided capital of Israel—or his suggestion that the group wouldn't support him because he doesn't want their money. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Donald Trump has agreed to participate in the next GOP presidential debate hosted by CNN for free, despite previously demanding $5 million. Trump still has concerns about CNN's coverage of his campaign, but he hopes the network will donate $5 million to the Wounded Warrior veterans group instead.
Original Story: – He's got two former presidents—and about two dozen top-level advisers to those presidents—by his side, but Jeb Bush says he's got his own foreign-policy views. "I love my father and my brother. I admire their service to the nation and the difficult decisions they had to make. But I am my own man—and my views are shaped by my own thinking and own experiences," Bush says in prepared remarks ahead of a Chicago speech today, as per the Washington Post. But, as the Post points out, Jeb Bush already has at least 20 veterans of his brother's and father's administrations to lean on as he preps for a campaign: That list includes two ex-secretaries of state under his father and Ronald Reagan (James Baker and George Schultz), two former CIA directors, two former Homeland Security directors, and other foreign-policy aces and diplomats. Jeb Bush "finds himself in a unique and difficult position" as he tries to set himself apart from his kin, a previous Post article mentions. He hopes to do that in his address today before the Chicago Council on Global Affairs, in which he's expected to acknowledge how "lucky" he is with two Oval Office alums in his ear, but also explain how he'll forge his own path to strengthen the US as a world leader and reinvigorate weakened relationships in the Middle East, Europe, and Latin America. Bush's statements also take on the economy, the current administration ("Hashtag campaigns replace actual diplomacy and engagement"), and the military: "The President's word needs to be backed by the greatest military power in the world. Because I believe, fundamentally, that weakness invites war … and strength encourages peace." (Meanwhile, Barbara Bush is now OK with one more Bush in the White House.)
Original Summary: Jeb Bush is set to deliver a speech in Chicago today where he will attempt to differentiate himself from his brother and father while also leveraging their foreign policy expertise. He has assembled a team of advisors from their administrations, including two former secretaries of state and two former CIA directors, but is also seeking to establish his own unique path forward for the US as a global leader.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– He's got two former presidents—and about two dozen top-level advisers to those presidents—by his side, but Jeb Bush says he's got his own foreign-policy views. "I love my father and my brother. I admire their service to the nation and the difficult decisions they had to make. But I am my own man—and my views are shaped by my own thinking and own experiences," Bush says in prepared remarks ahead of a Chicago speech today, as per the Washington Post. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. But, as the Post points out, Jeb Bush already has at least 20 veterans of his brother's and father's administrations to lean on as he preps for a campaign: That list includes two ex-secretaries of state under his father and Ronald Reagan (James Baker and George Schultz), two former CIA directors, two former Homeland Security directors, and other foreign-policy aces and diplomats. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Jeb Bush "finds himself in a unique and difficult position" as he tries to set himself apart from his kin, a previous Post article mentions. He hopes to do that in his address today before the Chicago Council on Global Affairs, in which he's expected to acknowledge how "lucky" he is with two Oval Office alums in his ear, but also explain how he'll forge his own path to strengthen the US as a world leader and reinvigorate weakened relationships in the Middle East, Europe, and Latin America. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Bush's statements also take on the economy, the current administration ("Hashtag campaigns replace actual diplomacy and engagement"), and the military: "The President's word needs to be backed by the greatest military power in the world. Because I believe, fundamentally, that weakness invites war … and strength encourages peace." (Meanwhile, Barbara Bush is now OK with one more Bush in the White House. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.)
Injected Summary: Jeb Bush is set to deliver a speech in Chicago today where he will attempt to differentiate himself from his brother and father while running for president. Despite having the support of over two dozen top advisors from his family's administrations, Bush is emphasizing his own foreign policy views and seeking to establish his own path as a leader.
Original Story: – Farhad Manjoo hates the fax machine. It’s “a joke, … one of the most expensive, least flexible, and most annoying ways to send documents in the digital age.” Even so, thanks to “your bank, your insurance company, your lawyer,” and anyone else who insists on an actual signature, “faxing persists.” Since Manjoo refuses to own either a fax machine or a scanner, his wife has been forced to fax everything, on his behalf, from her office … until now. Thanks to HelloFax, Manjoo can now fax documents without leaving his chair, and he’s pretty happy about it. Sure, you still need a camera, but only to take the initial photo of your signature. After that, all you need to do is upload the digital document that requires your signature, add and arrange the photo of your signature, and voilà, you’re done. You can even add text, if the document is a form that needs to be filled out. When all is said and done, you can either fax or email the completed document. Though other services have claimed to do similar things, this is easily the most “straightforward,” Manjoo writes on Slate. Better yet, it’s currently free—at least, for the first 20 faxes to US numbers. A paid service is coming—and as far as Manjoo is concerned, “HelloFax is a dream. I'd pay $5 a month—or even $2 per fax—just for the ease of use."
Original Summary: Farhad Manjoo hates faxing but is forced to do it due to various institutions requiring actual signatures. HelloFax is a new service that allows users to fax documents without a fax machine or scanner, simply by taking a photo of their signature and uploading the document.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Farhad Manjoo hates the fax machine. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. It’s “a joke, … one of the most expensive, least flexible, and most annoying ways to send documents in the digital age.” Even so, thanks to “your bank, your insurance company, your lawyer,” and anyone else who insists on an actual signature, “faxing persists.” Since Manjoo refuses to own either a fax machine or a scanner, his wife has been forced to fax everything, on his behalf, from her office … until now. Thanks to HelloFax, Manjoo can now fax documents without leaving his chair, and he’s pretty happy about it. Sure, you still need a camera, but only to take the initial photo of your signature. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. After that, all you need to do is upload the digital document that requires your signature, add and arrange the photo of your signature, and voilà, you’re done. You can even add text, if the document is a form that needs to be filled out. When all is said and done, you can either fax or email the completed document. Though other services have claimed to do similar things, this is easily the most “straightforward,” Manjoo writes on Slate. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Better yet, it’s currently free—at least, for the first 20 faxes to US numbers. A paid service is coming—and as far as Manjoo is concerned, “HelloFax is a dream. I'd pay $5 a month—or even $2 per fax—just for the ease of use."
Injected Summary: Farhad Manjoo hates faxing but is forced to due to various institutions requiring actual signatures. HelloFax allows him to fax documents without leaving his chair by taking a photo of his signature and uploading the document, making it a convenient and free service for the first 20 faxes to US numbers.
Original Story: – A New York artist who installed photo-taking software on computers at two Apple stores had his computers seized by the Secret Service as part of a computer fraud investigation, reports Mashable. Over three days in June, Kyle McDonald installed software on 100 computers at the two New York stores so they would automatically take a picture with the computer's built-in camera every minute, and send the snap to him. He then uploaded the photos to a Tumblr blog. "We have this expression on our face [when we use computers] that basically says that we're not interacting with anybody, we're interacting with the machine," McDonald explains. He says he got permission to take photos in the store from store security guards before beginning, and will remove anyone's image if he gets a complaint. The artist doesn't think he broke any laws—and he hasn't been charged with anything so far—but with his computers seized, he is going to have to buy new equipment: So "hopefully they let me into the Apple Store," he says.
Original Summary: New York artist Kyle McDonald had his computers seized by the Secret Service as part of a computer fraud investigation after he installed photo-taking software on 100 computers at two Apple stores. McDonald installed the software to take pictures of people using the computers every minute and upload them to a Tumblr blog, with the goal of highlighting the isolation people experience when using technology.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A New York artist who installed photo-taking software on computers at two Apple stores had his computers seized by the Secret Service as part of a computer fraud investigation, reports Mashable. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Over three days in June, Kyle McDonald installed software on 100 computers at the two New York stores so they would automatically take a picture with the computer's built-in camera every minute, and send the snap to him. He then uploaded the photos to a Tumblr blog. "We have this expression on our face [when we use computers] that basically says that we're not interacting with anybody, we're interacting with the machine," McDonald explains. He says he got permission to take photos in the store from store security guards before beginning, and will remove anyone's image if he gets a complaint. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The artist doesn't think he broke any laws—and he hasn't been charged with anything so far—but with his computers seized, he is going to have to buy new equipment: So "hopefully they let me into the Apple Store," he says.
Injected Summary: New York artist Kyle McDonald installed photo-taking software on 100 computers at two Apple stores, causing the Secret Service to seize his computers as part of a computer fraud investigation. McDonald had permission from store security guards to take photos, but he may have to replace his equipment after his computers were seized.
Original Story: – Wendy's does not accept alligators for payment, FYI. That's something 23-year-old Joshua James learned Monday when he was arrested for allegedly throwing a three-and-a-half-foot gator into a drive-thru window in Loxahatchee, Fla. Police say James found the gator on the side of a road and threw it into a Wendy's drive-thru window in October after an employee handed him a drink, per NBC News. James' mom tells WPTV that her son knew a restaurant employee and the incident was "just a stupid prank." He's charged with aggravated assault with a deadly, er, weapon, petit theft, and unlawful possession of an alligator. The reptile was later released into a canal. (This leopard walked into a school.)
Original Summary: A 23-year-old man was arrested for throwing a 3.5-foot alligator into a Wendy's drive-thru window in Florida after an employee handed him a drink. He is charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, petit theft, and unlawful possession of an alligator.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Wendy's does not accept alligators for payment, FYI. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. That's something 23-year-old Joshua James learned Monday when he was arrested for allegedly throwing a three-and-a-half-foot gator into a drive-thru window in Loxahatchee, Fla. Police say James found the gator on the side of a road and threw it into a Wendy's drive-thru window in October after an employee handed him a drink, per NBC News. James' mom tells WPTV that her son knew a restaurant employee and the incident was "just a stupid prank." He's charged with aggravated assault with a deadly, er, weapon, petit theft, and unlawful possession of an alligator. The reptile was later released into a canal. (This leopard walked into a school. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.)
Injected Summary: Joshua James was arrested for allegedly throwing a 3.5-foot alligator into a Wendy's drive-thru window in Florida after finding it on the side of the road. James' mother claims the incident was a "stupid prank" and he is charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, petit theft, and unlawful possession of an alligator.
Original Story: – Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein picked up a humanitarian award this week from the Museum of Tolerance, notes Variety, and he delivered a message about anti-Semitism that shows his particular brand of tolerance is, well, Weinstein-esque. "We better stand up and kick these guys in the ass," he said, as quoted by the Hollywood Reporter. "We're gonna have to get as organized as the mafia," he added, citing a quote from the Kurt Vonnegut novel the Sirens of Titan. "We just can't take it anymore [from] these crazy bastards." Weinstein, speaking at the Simon Wiesenthal Center's National Tribute Dinner, said Jews must "get together with the Muslims who are honorable and peaceful," but also protect themselves against extremists around the world. "And, unlike World War II, when we didn't act right away and we paid the price, we better start acting now," he said. "Trust me, I'm the last guy who wants to do anything about it, but I realize if we don't, we will perish."
Original Summary: Harvey Weinstein received a humanitarian award and used the opportunity to speak out against anti-Semitism, urging Jews to organize and protect themselves against extremists around the world. He called for Jews to work with peaceful Muslims and warned that they must act now to prevent another devastating conflict.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein picked up a humanitarian award this week from the Museum of Tolerance, notes Variety, and he delivered a message about anti-Semitism that shows his particular brand of tolerance is, well, Weinstein-esque. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "We better stand up and kick these guys in the ass," he said, as quoted by the Hollywood Reporter. "We're gonna have to get as organized as the mafia," he added, citing a quote from the Kurt Vonnegut novel the Sirens of Titan. "We just can't take it anymore [from] these crazy bastards." Weinstein, speaking at the Simon Wiesenthal Center's National Tribute Dinner, said Jews must "get together with the Muslims who are honorable and peaceful," but also protect themselves against extremists around the world. "And, unlike World War II, when we didn't act right away and we paid the price, we better start acting now," he said. "Trust me, I'm the last guy who wants to do anything about it, but I realize if we don't, we will perish."
Injected Summary: Harvey Weinstein received a humanitarian award and used the opportunity to speak out against anti-Semitism, urging Jews to organize and protect themselves against extremists around the world, while also calling for unity with peaceful Muslims. He emphasized the importance of acting now, citing the lessons of World War II, to prevent a similar fate.
Original Story: – On July 2, 1937, record-setting aviator Amelia Earhart, along with navigator Fred Noonan, likely ran out of fuel and crashed into the Pacific Ocean somewhere between New Guinea and California and disappeared forever, according to the Smithsonian. Not so, says writer WC Jameson. In Amelia Earhart: Beyond the Grave, out Tuesday, Jameson builds on the existing theory that Earhart was a spy and was shot down by the Japanese (or captured after a crash or forced landing) and taken prisoner while on a mission to photograph Japanese military installations in the Pacific, Fox News reports. FDR knew about the whole thing, per Jameson, but kept it quiet. Released by the Japanese in 1945, he claims, Earhart returned to the US and lived under the name Irene Craigmile Bolam until she died in 1982, when she would have been about 86. The theory that Earhart was a spy and that she and Noonan were taken prisoner has been around for some time. Early last year a group of men traveled to the Marshall Islands (which was held at the time by the Japanese military, Red Orbit notes) to hunt for evidence to back up the claim, WKYC reports. They found about six pieces of metal they believe came from Earhart's plane. They were having the items tested for authenticity, but there's been no word on the results. For his book, Jameson reportedly interviewed the nephew of a former US Army official who said it was common knowledge in "high-ranking intelligence circles" that Earhart was "involved in an intelligence-gathering operation." Jameson also claims that flight logs from the last Coast Guard station she communicated with were altered after her disappearance. (Click for another intriguing Earhart theory.)
Original Summary: Amelia Earhart and her navigator Fred Noonan likely crashed into the Pacific Ocean and disappeared in 1937, according to the Smithsonian. However, writer WC Jameson presents a new theory that Earhart was a spy and was captured by the Japanese after a forced landing or crash, with evidence including metal pieces found in the Marshall Islands.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– On July 2, 1937, record-setting aviator Amelia Earhart, along with navigator Fred Noonan, likely ran out of fuel and crashed into the Pacific Ocean somewhere between New Guinea and California and disappeared forever, according to the Smithsonian. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Not so, says writer WC Jameson. In Amelia Earhart: Beyond the Grave, out Tuesday, Jameson builds on the existing theory that Earhart was a spy and was shot down by the Japanese (or captured after a crash or forced landing) and taken prisoner while on a mission to photograph Japanese military installations in the Pacific, Fox News reports. FDR knew about the whole thing, per Jameson, but kept it quiet. Released by the Japanese in 1945, he claims, Earhart returned to the US and lived under the name Irene Craigmile Bolam until she died in 1982, when she would have been about 86. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The theory that Earhart was a spy and that she and Noonan were taken prisoner has been around for some time. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Early last year a group of men traveled to the Marshall Islands (which was held at the time by the Japanese military, Red Orbit notes) to hunt for evidence to back up the claim, WKYC reports. They found about six pieces of metal they believe came from Earhart's plane. They were having the items tested for authenticity, but there's been no word on the results. For his book, Jameson reportedly interviewed the nephew of a former US Army official who said it was common knowledge in "high-ranking intelligence circles" that Earhart was "involved in an intelligence-gathering operation." Jameson also claims that flight logs from the last Coast Guard station she communicated with were altered after her disappearance. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. (Click for another intriguing Earhart theory.)
Injected Summary: Amelia Earhart and her navigator likely crashed into the Pacific Ocean and disappeared in 1937, according to the Smithsonian, but a new theory suggests she was a spy and was taken prisoner by the Japanese after photographing military installations. A writer claims to have evidence, including metal debris found in the Marshall Islands, to support this theory, which has been around for some time.
Original Story: – A 7-week-old infant already has a large chunk of her college tuition covered thanks to impeccable timing and KFC. Finding that Colonel Sanders' first name, Harland, had become too unpopular (BabyCenter.com puts it at the 5,501 spot for 2018), the company in August issued a simple challenge to parents: Be the first to name a child born on the Colonel's birthday in honor of the KFC founder and receive $11,000 toward the child's college education. Born Sept. 9 weighing just over 8 pounds, baby girl Harland Rose will now receive $1,000 for each of the 11 herbs and spices in the Colonel's famous chicken recipe, reports Fox News. Per USA Today, her parents plan to call her "Harley." (A baby born in a Chick-fil-A bathroom is getting free grub for life.)
Original Summary: A 7-week-old infant named Harland Rose was born on Colonel Sanders' birthday and will receive $11,000 towards her college tuition as part of a challenge issued by KFC. The baby's parents plan to call her "Harley."
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A 7-week-old infant already has a large chunk of her college tuition covered thanks to impeccable timing and KFC. Finding that Colonel Sanders' first name, Harland, had become too unpopular (BabyCenter. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.com puts it at the 5,501 spot for 2018), the company in August issued a simple challenge to parents: Be the first to name a child born on the Colonel's birthday in honor of the KFC founder and receive $11,000 toward the child's college education. Born Sept. 9 weighing just over 8 pounds, baby girl Harland Rose will now receive $1,000 for each of the 11 herbs and spices in the Colonel's famous chicken recipe, reports Fox News. Per USA Today, her parents plan to call her "Harley. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." (A baby born in a Chick-fil-A bathroom is getting free grub for life.)
Injected Summary: A 7-week-old infant named Harland Rose has received $11,000 towards her college tuition as part of a challenge issued by KFC to name a child born on the birthday of the company's founder, Colonel Sanders. The challenge was issued after it was discovered that the name Harland had become less popular, and the baby's parents plan to use the funds to pay for her education.
Original Story: – Samsung hasn't only recalled its Galaxy Note 7—it has stopped production entirely on the smartphone after replacement phones ended up catching fire, too. But for Josh Dickey, writing at Mashable, you'll have to wrest his Galaxy Note 7 "from my cold, possibly scorched hands" in a judgment call that even Mashable notes is "obviously questionable." Rebuking Mashable's own deputy tech editor, who has called keeping the phone "irresponsible" and "dangerous," Dickey offers a major eyeroll, noting that the danger is likely overstated: He compares what he feels is hysteria over it to the same fear that "gave us bloodletting … M. Night Shyamalan's The Village, actual tinfoil hats, and tens of millions of tweets about Donald Trump." Instead he implores everyone to "take a math break" and figure out the chances of one's own Galaxy phone bursting into flames. To wit: He notes that Samsung has produced about 2.5 million original versions of the phone since it debuted in August, with fewer than 100 reported as having morphed into charred pieces of plastic and glass. He then compares the chance of experiencing such an explosion to those of other "timeworn calamities" such as lightning strikes and car accidents and stresses that all the phones that were going to explode probably already have. He then employs a mathematical formula that somehow involves the movie Fight Club, turning to the 1999 movie's script to come up with his final decision on the phone: "I'm keeping it." (Read his entire piece to see how Ed Norton's character helped him out.)
Original Summary: Samsung has stopped production of the Galaxy Note 7 after replacement phones also caught fire, and Josh Dickey, a writer at Mashable, is refusing to give up his own phone despite being told it's dangerous. Dickey argues that the danger is overstated and compares the hysteria to past fears such as bloodletting and tinfoil hats, suggesting that the chances of one's phone exploding are low and that people should take a "math break" to calculate the odds.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Samsung hasn't only recalled its Galaxy Note 7—it has stopped production entirely on the smartphone after replacement phones ended up catching fire, too. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. But for Josh Dickey, writing at Mashable, you'll have to wrest his Galaxy Note 7 "from my cold, possibly scorched hands" in a judgment call that even Mashable notes is "obviously questionable." Rebuking Mashable's own deputy tech editor, who has called keeping the phone "irresponsible" and "dangerous," Dickey offers a major eyeroll, noting that the danger is likely overstated: He compares what he feels is hysteria over it to the same fear that "gave us bloodletting … M. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Night Shyamalan's The Village, actual tinfoil hats, and tens of millions of tweets about Donald Trump." Instead he implores everyone to "take a math break" and figure out the chances of one's own Galaxy phone bursting into flames. To wit: He notes that Samsung has produced about 2.5 million original versions of the phone since it debuted in August, with fewer than 100 reported as having morphed into charred pieces of plastic and glass. He then compares the chance of experiencing such an explosion to those of other "timeworn calamities" such as lightning strikes and car accidents and stresses that all the phones that were going to explode probably already have. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. He then employs a mathematical formula that somehow involves the movie Fight Club, turning to the 1999 movie's script to come up with his final decision on the phone: "I'm keeping it." (Read his entire piece to see how Ed Norton's character helped him out.). After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Samsung has stopped production of the Galaxy Note 7 after replacement phones also caught fire, and a writer for Mashable is defending his decision to keep his original Note 7 despite warnings of danger, citing low odds of explosion and comparing the hysteria to past calamities such as lightning strikes and car accidents. The writer uses mathematical formulas and movie references to argue that the risk of his phone exploding is low, and he decides to keep it.
Original Story: – His isn't the first name to come to mind as a peacemaker, but Venezuela's Hugo Chavez is floating a proposal to negotiate a solution in Libya on behalf of his old pal Moammar Gadhafi. It's not clear how seriously the plan will be taken by the outside world, but Gadhafi has accepted it and the Arab League says it's at least "under consideration," reports Reuters. If nothing else, just the possibility of mediation has eased oil prices, notes the AP. Chavez wants to send some kind of an international commission to Libya—presumably one that doesn't include the US—to bring together Gadhafi and protesters. Details are sketchy, and anti-government rebels don't sound enthused, reports the Guardian. "No one has told us a thing about it and we are not interested anyway," said one spokesman in Benghazi. "We will never negotiate with him." Meanwhile, the violence continues.
Original Summary: Hugo Chavez, President of Venezuela, has proposed mediating a solution in Libya on behalf of Moammar Gadhafi, despite the fact that Gadhafi's regime is facing international condemnation. The Arab League has expressed interest in the proposal, but anti-government rebels have rejected the idea, with one spokesman stating that they will never negotiate with Gadhafi.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– His isn't the first name to come to mind as a peacemaker, but Venezuela's Hugo Chavez is floating a proposal to negotiate a solution in Libya on behalf of his old pal Moammar Gadhafi. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. It's not clear how seriously the plan will be taken by the outside world, but Gadhafi has accepted it and the Arab League says it's at least "under consideration," reports Reuters. If nothing else, just the possibility of mediation has eased oil prices, notes the AP. Chavez wants to send some kind of an international commission to Libya—presumably one that doesn't include the US—to bring together Gadhafi and protesters. Details are sketchy, and anti-government rebels don't sound enthused, reports the Guardian. "No one has told us a thing about it and we are not interested anyway," said one spokesman in Benghazi. "We will never negotiate with him." Meanwhile, the violence continues. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: Hugo Chavez has proposed mediating a solution in Libya on behalf of Moammar Gadhafi, with the Arab League considering the plan. While anti-government rebels are skeptical, the possibility of mediation has eased oil prices.
Original Story: – The Navy SEAL killed in combat against ISIS on Tuesday had a name many Americans associate with financial scandal: Charles Humphrey Keating. The SEAL, Charles Keating IV, was the grandson of Charles Keating Jr., who served time in prison on fraud and racketeering charges for his role in the 1980s savings and loan scandal, NBC News reports. The San Diego Union-Tribune reports that Keating IV graduated from high school in Arizona in 2004 and graduated SEAL training in 2008. The 31-year-old was engaged to be married to Brooke Clark. Her employer, wine critic Robert Whitley, says she had planned to buy her wedding dress this week. "When Charlie left IU to enlist and try to become a SEAL, I don't think it really surprised any of us," Keating IV's track coach at Indiana University said in a statement. "You could tell he was a guy who wanted to be the best and find out what he was made of, and serving as special operations forces for his country embodied that." The Pentagon says Keating IV was killed when ISIS forces used bulldozers to break through a front line and attack the base in northern Iraq where he was serving as an adviser to Kurdish fighters. "He is our family hero in every sense of the word," cousin Elizabeth Ann Keating tells CNN, which notes that his namesake, great-grandfather Charles Keating, fought in World War I, while Keating Jr. was a Navy pilot in World War II.
Original Summary: Navy SEAL Charles Keating IV, grandson of Charles Keating Jr., who was involved in a financial scandal in the 1980s, was killed in combat against ISIS in northern Iraq. Keating IV, 31, was engaged to be married and had a track record of excellence in high school and Navy SEAL training.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Navy SEAL killed in combat against ISIS on Tuesday had a name many Americans associate with financial scandal: Charles Humphrey Keating. The SEAL, Charles Keating IV, was the grandson of Charles Keating Jr., who served time in prison on fraud and racketeering charges for his role in the 1980s savings and loan scandal, NBC News reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The San Diego Union-Tribune reports that Keating IV graduated from high school in Arizona in 2004 and graduated SEAL training in 2008. The 31-year-old was engaged to be married to Brooke Clark. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Her employer, wine critic Robert Whitley, says she had planned to buy her wedding dress this week. "When Charlie left IU to enlist and try to become a SEAL, I don't think it really surprised any of us," Keating IV's track coach at Indiana University said in a statement. "You could tell he was a guy who wanted to be the best and find out what he was made of, and serving as special operations forces for his country embodied that." The Pentagon says Keating IV was killed when ISIS forces used bulldozers to break through a front line and attack the base in northern Iraq where he was serving as an adviser to Kurdish fighters. "He is our family hero in every sense of the word," cousin Elizabeth Ann Keating tells CNN, which notes that his namesake, great-grandfather Charles Keating, fought in World War I, while Keating Jr. was a Navy pilot in World War II.
Injected Summary: Navy SEAL Charles Keating IV, grandson of Charles Keating Jr. who was involved in a financial scandal in the 1980s, was killed in combat against ISIS in northern Iraq. Keating IV, 31, was engaged to be married and had a track record of excellence in high school and Navy SEAL training.
Original Story: – Parents can expect to shell out $4,200 a year for a child with food allergies, according to the first study to add up the myriad costs. Only part of that total is in straight-up medical bills, reports the Los Angeles Times. The study in JAMA Pediatrics also factored in the costs of buying special food, placing the child in schools or camps willing to accommodate their needs, and even sacrificing or at least compromising careers for the sake of the child. Parents “often need to be at school, social events, or camp to educate and affirm the seriousness of their child’s condition,” the researchers explain. It all adds up: "Kids with food allergies don't tend to have long hospital stays, but your expenses come in other ways," says the lead author from Northwestern, reports USA Today. The study estimated that food allergies, which affect about 8% of US kids, cost nearly $25 billion a year overall. Families pay some $20.5 billion of that after accounting for health insurance.
Original Summary: According to a new study, parents of children with food allergies can expect to spend around $4,200 per year on various costs, including medical bills, special food purchases, and sacrifices to their careers. The study, published in JAMA Pediatrics, estimates that food allergies cost the US nearly $25 billion annually, with families paying $20.5 billion of that amount after accounting for health insurance.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Parents can expect to shell out $4,200 a year for a child with food allergies, according to the first study to add up the myriad costs. Only part of that total is in straight-up medical bills, reports the Los Angeles Times. The study in JAMA Pediatrics also factored in the costs of buying special food, placing the child in schools or camps willing to accommodate their needs, and even sacrificing or at least compromising careers for the sake of the child. Parents “often need to be at school, social events, or camp to educate and affirm the seriousness of their child’s condition,” the researchers explain. It all adds up: "Kids with food allergies don't tend to have long hospital stays, but your expenses come in other ways," says the lead author from Northwestern, reports USA Today. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The study estimated that food allergies, which affect about 8% of US kids, cost nearly $25 billion a year overall. Families pay some $20.5 billion of that after accounting for health insurance. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: Parents of children with food allergies can expect to spend around $4,200 per year on various costs, including medical bills, special food purchases, and accommodations for their child's needs. The total cost of food allergies in the US is estimated to be nearly $25 billion per year, with families paying around $20.5 billion of that after accounting for health insurance.
Original Story: – A man who apparently slipped from the top of a waterfall in North Carolina is dead along with his would-be rescuer. Authorities say Joseph Hopkins, 23, and Davis Zinsenheim, 22, were visiting a resident of the Lake Toxaway area from Georgia on Tuesday when they decided to explore a waterfall on the property. Authorities say three people were at the top of a waterfall when Hopkins fell some 40 feet onto a ledge. Zinsenheim tried to help his friend but slipped and fell an estimated 150 feet to his death, reports the Asheville Citizen Times. Police received a call around 7:30pm, and it took 37 crew members about four hours to bring up both men, reports WYFF. Firefighters tell WLOS that a 100-foot ladder was used to get rescuers to the top of the falls. They then rappelled down to Hopkins and used a basket to lower him to a waiting truck. He was taken to a hospital but died on Wednesday. Zinsenheim was dead at the scene. On Monday, a 20-year-old was critically injured after falling from another North Carolina waterfall, this one in Polk County.
Original Summary: Two men, Joseph Hopkins and Davis Zinsenheim, died after falling from a waterfall in North Carolina. Hopkins fell 40 feet onto a ledge and Zinsenheim slipped and fell 150 feet to his death while trying to help his friend.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A man who apparently slipped from the top of a waterfall in North Carolina is dead along with his would-be rescuer. Authorities say Joseph Hopkins, 23, and Davis Zinsenheim, 22, were visiting a resident of the Lake Toxaway area from Georgia on Tuesday when they decided to explore a waterfall on the property. Authorities say three people were at the top of a waterfall when Hopkins fell some 40 feet onto a ledge. Zinsenheim tried to help his friend but slipped and fell an estimated 150 feet to his death, reports the Asheville Citizen Times. Police received a call around 7:30pm, and it took 37 crew members about four hours to bring up both men, reports WYFF. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Firefighters tell WLOS that a 100-foot ladder was used to get rescuers to the top of the falls. They then rappelled down to Hopkins and used a basket to lower him to a waiting truck. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. He was taken to a hospital but died on Wednesday. Zinsenheim was dead at the scene. On Monday, a 20-year-old was critically injured after falling from another North Carolina waterfall, this one in Polk County.
Injected Summary: Two men, Joseph Hopkins and Davis Zinsenheim, died after falling from a waterfall in North Carolina. Hopkins fell 40 feet onto a ledge and Zinsenheim fell an estimated 150 feet while trying to help his friend.
Original Story: – An Oregon doughnut shop is hiring—just not any vegans or vegetarians. A job ad for Pip's Original Doughnuts in Portland describes the ideal candidate as someone with "a friendly, outgoing personality," but "no non-medical, non-religious dietary restrictions" that "would stop you from tasting, accurately representing our treats, and maintaining quality control." Given that PETA recently named Portland as America's "most vegan-friendly city," the ad is not going over well, reports Oregon Live. "Won't return now that I know you discriminate against vegetarians," one customer writes on the bake shop's Facebook page. But co-owner Nate Snell isn't budging. "After receiving as much hate email as we have in the last two days, I'm more steadfast and sure of our position than ever," he writes. Snell says employees are required to taste shop items that contain bacon, gluten, soy, dairy, and nuts. Those unable to do so "would place an undue burden on our ability to maintain the quality of our food and the health of our customers and employees." The ad is perfectly legal since dietary preference isn't protected under employment laws, reports KGW. But "it's really heartbreaking that we live in a society where people feel like they have to use intimidation and fear in order to force their own personal viewpoints on others," a Pip's post reads, per Willamette Week. Snell suggests vegans and vegetarians apply and "suggest some workarounds." Otherwise, they could try Los Angeles' new Donut Farm, which makes 15 varieties of vegan doughnuts, per the Los Angeles Times. (These vegan restaurateurs received death threats.)
Original Summary: Pips Original Doughnuts in Portland is seeking applicants for a doughnut shop job, but excludes vegans and vegetarians due to the need to taste and maintain quality control. The ad has sparked controversy and criticism, with some customers expressing disappointment and others suggesting alternative options for vegan and vegetarian applicants.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– An Oregon doughnut shop is hiring—just not any vegans or vegetarians. A job ad for Pip's Original Doughnuts in Portland describes the ideal candidate as someone with "a friendly, outgoing personality," but "no non-medical, non-religious dietary restrictions" that "would stop you from tasting, accurately representing our treats, and maintaining quality control." Given that PETA recently named Portland as America's "most vegan-friendly city," the ad is not going over well, reports Oregon Live. "Won't return now that I know you discriminate against vegetarians," one customer writes on the bake shop's Facebook page. But co-owner Nate Snell isn't budging. "After receiving as much hate email as we have in the last two days, I'm more steadfast and sure of our position than ever," he writes. Snell says employees are required to taste shop items that contain bacon, gluten, soy, dairy, and nuts. Those unable to do so "would place an undue burden on our ability to maintain the quality of our food and the health of our customers and employees. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." The ad is perfectly legal since dietary preference isn't protected under employment laws, reports KGW. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. But "it's really heartbreaking that we live in a society where people feel like they have to use intimidation and fear in order to force their own personal viewpoints on others," a Pip's post reads, per Willamette Week. Snell suggests vegans and vegetarians apply and "suggest some workarounds." Otherwise, they could try Los Angeles' new Donut Farm, which makes 15 varieties of vegan doughnuts, per the Los Angeles Times. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. (These vegan restaurateurs received death threats.). After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Pips Original Doughnuts in Portland is facing backlash for a job ad that excludes vegans and vegetarians, with the owner stating that employees must be able to taste and accurately represent all shop items, including those containing bacon, gluten, soy, dairy, and nuts. The ad is legal but has sparked controversy and criticism, with some customers expressing disappointment and others suggesting alternative options for vegan and vegetarian doughnut lovers.
Original Story: – Ellen DeGeneres set a record at the People's Choice Awards, becoming the winningest entertainer in the show's history. DeGeneres picked up three trophies at Wednesday's ceremony, including Favorite Daytime TV Host, for a career total of 20 People's Choice wins, the AP reports. "She's a trailblazer, a rule-breaker, a relentless philanthropist, a presidential medal of freedom winner, and one of the funniest and most talented people on the planet," said presenter Justin Timberlake, per E! Online. Other stars taking home crystal statuettes this year included Jennifer Lopez, Johnny Depp, Sofia Vergara, Kevin Hart, Melissa McCarthy, and Timberlake. Finding Dory took the prize for Favorite Movie and Outlander won Favorite TV Show. Tyler Perry received the humanitarian award at the show, hosted by Joel McHale at the Microsoft Theater and broadcast on CBS. USA Today notes McHale tossed in one Trump reference, saying, "2016 was a very interesting year. We all watched as a longtime government insider squared off against an egotistical billionaire. I'm speaking, of course, about Captain America: Civil War." Depp, for his part, made headlines for alluding to his divorce during his acceptance speech. Click for a full list of winners. (Or check out Ellen's version of La La Land.)
Original Summary: Ellen DeGeneres won the most awards at the People's Choice Awards, including Favorite Daytime TV Host, bringing her total to 20 wins. Other winners included Jennifer Lopez, Johnny Depp, Sofia Vergara, Kevin Hart, Melissa McCarthy, and Justin Timberlake, with "Finding Dory" winning Favorite Movie and "Outlander" winning Favorite TV Show.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Ellen DeGeneres set a record at the People's Choice Awards, becoming the winningest entertainer in the show's history. DeGeneres picked up three trophies at Wednesday's ceremony, including Favorite Daytime TV Host, for a career total of 20 People's Choice wins, the AP reports. "She's a trailblazer, a rule-breaker, a relentless philanthropist, a presidential medal of freedom winner, and one of the funniest and most talented people on the planet," said presenter Justin Timberlake, per E! Online. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Other stars taking home crystal statuettes this year included Jennifer Lopez, Johnny Depp, Sofia Vergara, Kevin Hart, Melissa McCarthy, and Timberlake. Finding Dory took the prize for Favorite Movie and Outlander won Favorite TV Show. Tyler Perry received the humanitarian award at the show, hosted by Joel McHale at the Microsoft Theater and broadcast on CBS. USA Today notes McHale tossed in one Trump reference, saying, "2016 was a very interesting year. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. We all watched as a longtime government insider squared off against an egotistical billionaire. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. I'm speaking, of course, about Captain America: Civil War." Depp, for his part, made headlines for alluding to his divorce during his acceptance speech. Click for a full list of winners. (Or check out Ellen's version of La La Land.)
Injected Summary: Ellen DeGeneres won the most awards at the People's Choice Awards, including Favorite Daytime TV Host, bringing her total career wins to 20. Other winners included Jennifer Lopez, Johnny Depp, Sofia Vergara, Kevin Hart, Melissa McCarthy, and Tyler Perry, with "Finding Dory" and "Outlander" taking home top honors in their respective categories.
Original Story: – President Trump's at-times awkward meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel was summed up as one that "could have been a lot worse" by German daily Bild, reports the New York Times, but Trump's comments on NATO are gathering some steam. During a joint news conference Friday, Trump thanked Merkel for working to move Germany toward paying 2% of its GDP to NATO (Germany currently pays 1.2%; only five of 28 member countries meet the 2% target). But on Saturday, he was more forceful on Twitter: "Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel," he tweeted. "Nevertheless, Germany owes vast sums of money to NATO & the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!" Which immediately prompted many to point out that the White House shouldn't hold its breath waiting for a check that decidedly won't be in the mail. Former permanent rep to NATO Ivo Daalder responded, "Sorry, Mr President, that’s not how Nato works. The US decides for itself how much it contributes to defending Nato. This is not a financial transaction, where Nato countries pay the US to defend them. It is part of our treaty commitment." Explains the Guardian in quoting Daalder, "ultimately, members’ contributions are based on each nation’s capability. Therefore, Nato member nations do not 'owe' or have to compensate any other country."
Original Summary: President Trump met with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, with the meeting being described as "awkward" by some, but Trump's comments on NATO are gaining attention. During a joint news conference, Trump thanked Merkel for working towards Germany paying 2% of its GDP to NATO, but on Saturday he tweeted that Germany owes vast sums of money to NATO and the US must be paid more for its defense, which was quickly disputed by former permanent rep to NATO Ivo Daalder.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– President Trump's at-times awkward meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel was summed up as one that "could have been a lot worse" by German daily Bild, reports the New York Times, but Trump's comments on NATO are gathering some steam. During a joint news conference Friday, Trump thanked Merkel for working to move Germany toward paying 2% of its GDP to NATO (Germany currently pays 1. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.2%; only five of 28 member countries meet the 2% target). But on Saturday, he was more forceful on Twitter: "Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel," he tweeted. "Nevertheless, Germany owes vast sums of money to NATO & the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!" Which immediately prompted many to point out that the White House shouldn't hold its breath waiting for a check that decidedly won't be in the mail. Former permanent rep to NATO Ivo Daalder responded, "Sorry, Mr President, that’s not how Nato works. The US decides for itself how much it contributes to defending Nato. This is not a financial transaction, where Nato countries pay the US to defend them. It is part of our treaty commitment." Explains the Guardian in quoting Daalder, "ultimately, members’ contributions are based on each nation’s capability. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Therefore, Nato member nations do not 'owe' or have to compensate any other country.". Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: President Trump met with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, with the meeting described as "could have been worse" by German newspaper Bild, but Trump reiterated his call for Germany to increase its NATO contributions, despite former NATO permanent representative Ivo Daalder explaining that NATO member countries do not owe or have to compensate each other.
Original Story: – After days of furious negotiating, the US has failed to strike a free trade deal with South Korea. President Obama still hopes that the deal can be reached within a few weeks, but probably not before Obama leaves Seoul, the LA Times reports—a Korean official said that Lee Myung-bak had adopted a “wise negotiating stance,” deciding that “we shouldn’t make unnecessary concessions because we’re pressed for time.” The larger G20 summit, however, does appear to be near an agreement that will, at least cosmetically, address the tensions between the nations. The deal will include previously agreed upon language about letting markets determine currency values, but won’t include Chinese commitments to let the yuan rise. It’ll pledge to narrow trade deficits, but won’t include the hard targets the US would like, the Wall Street Journal reports.
Original Summary: The US has failed to reach a free trade deal with South Korea after days of negotiations, but may still reach an agreement within a few weeks. A Korean official has taken a "wise negotiating stance" and decided not to make unnecessary concessions due to time pressure, while the larger G20 summit is nearing an agreement that will address tensions between nations through previously agreed upon language and pledges to narrow trade deficits.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– After days of furious negotiating, the US has failed to strike a free trade deal with South Korea. President Obama still hopes that the deal can be reached within a few weeks, but probably not before Obama leaves Seoul, the LA Times reports—a Korean official said that Lee Myung-bak had adopted a “wise negotiating stance,” deciding that “we shouldn’t make unnecessary concessions because we’re pressed for time.” The larger G20 summit, however, does appear to be near an agreement that will, at least cosmetically, address the tensions between the nations. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The deal will include previously agreed upon language about letting markets determine currency values, but won’t include Chinese commitments to let the yuan rise. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. It’ll pledge to narrow trade deficits, but won’t include the hard targets the US would like, the Wall Street Journal reports.
Injected Summary: The US has failed to reach a free trade deal with South Korea after days of negotiations, but President Obama remains hopeful that a deal can be reached within a few weeks. A Korean official has taken a "wise negotiating stance" by deciding not to make unnecessary concessions due to time pressure, while the larger G20 summit is nearing an agreement that will address tensions between nations cosmetically.
Original Story: – Chalk up another one for the Republicans. In the standoff over President Obama's schedule for his urgent jobs speech, Obama blinked. He has agreed to move the date a day later, to next Thursday, which is the same time as the NFL season opener. John Boehner complained about the original date, saying it would require extra time to do a security sweep for the joint session following a recess, reports the New York Times. Wednesday is also the same day as the next GOP presidential debate. Democrats considered Boehner's response "disrespectful," while one Republican called picking the same date as the debate a "stunt," notes the New York Daily News. Jay Carney denied the original choice was part of a strategy designed to deliberately steal the thunder from the GOP. “One debate of many was not reason not to have a speech when we wanted to have it,” he said. Obama plans to "lay out a series of bipartisan proposals to rebuild the American economy by strengthening small businesses, helping Americans get back to work, and putting more money in the paychecks of the middle class and working Americans," the president said in a letter to Congress.
Original Summary: President Obama has agreed to move the date of his urgent jobs speech to next Thursday, the same day as the NFL season opener and the GOP presidential debate, after House Speaker John Boehner complained about the original date. Democrats view this as disrespectful, while Republicans see it as a "stunt" to steal the thunder from the GOP debate.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Chalk up another one for the Republicans. In the standoff over President Obama's schedule for his urgent jobs speech, Obama blinked. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. He has agreed to move the date a day later, to next Thursday, which is the same time as the NFL season opener. John Boehner complained about the original date, saying it would require extra time to do a security sweep for the joint session following a recess, reports the New York Times. Wednesday is also the same day as the next GOP presidential debate. Democrats considered Boehner's response "disrespectful," while one Republican called picking the same date as the debate a "stunt," notes the New York Daily News. Jay Carney denied the original choice was part of a strategy designed to deliberately steal the thunder from the GOP. “One debate of many was not reason not to have a speech when we wanted to have it,” he said. Obama plans to "lay out a series of bipartisan proposals to rebuild the American economy by strengthening small businesses, helping Americans get back to work, and putting more money in the paychecks of the middle class and working Americans," the president said in a letter to Congress. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: President Obama has agreed to move the date of his urgent jobs speech to next Thursday, the same day as the NFL season opener and the next GOP presidential debate, after House Speaker John Boehner complained about the original date. The speech is intended to lay out bipartisan proposals to rebuild the American economy, including strengthening small businesses and helping Americans get back to work.
Original Story: – Joe Miller's minuscule chance of having Lisa Murkowski's Senate victory overturned just got even smaller. The Alaska Supreme Court today unanimously ruled against him, reports the Anchorage Daily News. Miller has two days to decide whether to pursue the case in federal court, but it looks like Murkowski will be the official winner by next week. "Though Miller could feasibly keep fighting, the decision effectively takes away any shot he had of putting the outcome of the election in doubt," writes Aaron Blake in the Washington Post. "Even if the decision on the write-in ballots had gone his way, Miller would have trailed Murkowski by more than 2,000 votes."
Original Summary: The Alaska Supreme Court unanimously ruled against Joe Miller, further diminishing his chances of overturning Lisa Murkowski's Senate victory. With the decision, Murkowski is likely to be declared the official winner by next week, as Miller's last remaining option to challenge the outcome is unlikely to be successful.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Joe Miller's minuscule chance of having Lisa Murkowski's Senate victory overturned just got even smaller. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The Alaska Supreme Court today unanimously ruled against him, reports the Anchorage Daily News. Miller has two days to decide whether to pursue the case in federal court, but it looks like Murkowski will be the official winner by next week. "Though Miller could feasibly keep fighting, the decision effectively takes away any shot he had of putting the outcome of the election in doubt," writes Aaron Blake in the Washington Post. "Even if the decision on the write-in ballots had gone his way, Miller would have trailed Murkowski by more than 2,000 votes."
Injected Summary: Joe Miller's chances of overturning Lisa Murkowski's Senate victory in Alaska have diminished after the state Supreme Court ruled against him. The court's unanimous decision effectively ends Miller's last chance at challenging the outcome of the election, with Murkowski likely to be declared the official winner by next week.
Original Story: – It has been a bad week for kids in Texas, with three shootings involving children under 10 years old, one of them fatal, taking place in the space of four days, Raw Story reports. On Wednesday, a five-year-old shot his seven-year-old brother with an old rifle while the two played unsupervised in the bath. On Thursday, a two-year-old fatally shot himself in the head with his dad's handgun, while his father was busy elsewhere in the room, says Raw Story. And yesterday, an eight-year-old shot his five-year-old friend in the head with a rifle, as the two played alone in a bedroom. The boy is in a critical condition in hospital, the Denton Record-Chronicle reports. Two of the guns used were .22-caliber rifles, similar to the one with which a five-year-old accidentally killed his two-year-old sister in Kentucky earlier this month. The grandfather of the children spoke out this week, saying his grandson was too young to have a gun and that it was a cultural problem in rural Kentucky. "Too many people think it's (guns) for target practice. Well, what comes after target practicing—killing. I know, I was in the Marine Corps," he told the Star Democrat. “When you pick this (gun) up, you're usually going to kill something."
Original Summary: Three children under the age of 10 were involved in gun shootings in Texas over the course of four days, resulting in one fatality. Two of the guns used were .22-caliber rifles, similar to the one involved in an earlier accidental shooting in Kentucky, highlighting concerns about gun safety and cultural attitudes towards firearms.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– It has been a bad week for kids in Texas, with three shootings involving children under 10 years old, one of them fatal, taking place in the space of four days, Raw Story reports. On Wednesday, a five-year-old shot his seven-year-old brother with an old rifle while the two played unsupervised in the bath. On Thursday, a two-year-old fatally shot himself in the head with his dad's handgun, while his father was busy elsewhere in the room, says Raw Story. And yesterday, an eight-year-old shot his five-year-old friend in the head with a rifle, as the two played alone in a bedroom. The boy is in a critical condition in hospital, the Denton Record-Chronicle reports. Two of the guns used were . Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.22-caliber rifles, similar to the one with which a five-year-old accidentally killed his two-year-old sister in Kentucky earlier this month. The grandfather of the children spoke out this week, saying his grandson was too young to have a gun and that it was a cultural problem in rural Kentucky. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "Too many people think it's (guns) for target practice. Well, what comes after target practicing—killing. I know, I was in the Marine Corps," he told the Star Democrat. “When you pick this (gun) up, you're usually going to kill something. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators."
Injected Summary: Three children in Texas, aged 5, 2, and 8, were involved in shootings involving firearms in a span of four days, resulting in one fatality and two injuries. The grandfather of the children spoke out about the cultural problem of gun ownership in rural Kentucky, citing the need for stricter gun control measures to prevent such incidents.
Original Story: – California is once again sticking a thumb in the eye of the Trump administration, this time over net neutrality. Lawmakers on Friday passed the toughest net neutrality law in the nation, less than a year after the feds did away with such rules, reports the Los Angeles Times. The measure is now on Gov. Jerry Brown's desk, though he has not taken a public position on it. California wouldn't be the first state to create its own rules requiring that internet service providers such as Comcast, AT&T, and Verizon treat all web traffic equally—instead of, say, slowing down content from a business rival—but it would be the largest. ISPs already have vowed to challenge such efforts in federal courts, and California's entry into the fray would make it a good bet that the fight will land in the Supreme Court, reports the Washington Post. “It would have huge implications for the US, because California is so central to all things 'net and is the world’s eighth-largest economy,” says University of Richmond law professor Carl Tobias. Consumers groups back net neutrality, while the industry argues that "the internet must be governed by a single, uniform and consistent national policy framework, not state-by-state piecemeal approaches," as a statement from USTelecom puts it. California's law actually goes further than the net neutrality laws struck down by the FCC, notes the New York Times. For example, it would ban what's known as "zero rating," which allows companies to not count certain apps or streaming services against a customer's data limit, as a way to play favorites. The AP's example: AT&T wouldn't be able to exempt videos from CNN, which it owns, from a cap that applies to competitors.
Original Summary: California has passed a net neutrality law that is the toughest in the nation, requiring internet service providers to treat all web traffic equally and banning "zero rating" practices that favor certain apps or services. The law, which is on Governor Jerry Brown's desk, is likely to face legal challenges from the industry, which argues for a uniform national policy.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– California is once again sticking a thumb in the eye of the Trump administration, this time over net neutrality. Lawmakers on Friday passed the toughest net neutrality law in the nation, less than a year after the feds did away with such rules, reports the Los Angeles Times. The measure is now on Gov. Jerry Brown's desk, though he has not taken a public position on it. California wouldn't be the first state to create its own rules requiring that internet service providers such as Comcast, AT&T, and Verizon treat all web traffic equally—instead of, say, slowing down content from a business rival—but it would be the largest. ISPs already have vowed to challenge such efforts in federal courts, and California's entry into the fray would make it a good bet that the fight will land in the Supreme Court, reports the Washington Post. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. “It would have huge implications for the US, because California is so central to all things 'net and is the world’s eighth-largest economy,” says University of Richmond law professor Carl Tobias. Consumers groups back net neutrality, while the industry argues that "the internet must be governed by a single, uniform and consistent national policy framework, not state-by-state piecemeal approaches," as a statement from USTelecom puts it. California's law actually goes further than the net neutrality laws struck down by the FCC, notes the New York Times. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. For example, it would ban what's known as "zero rating," which allows companies to not count certain apps or streaming services against a customer's data limit, as a way to play favorites. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. The AP's example: AT&T wouldn't be able to exempt videos from CNN, which it owns, from a cap that applies to competitors.
Injected Summary: California has passed a net neutrality law that is the toughest in the nation, banning internet service providers from favoring certain apps or streaming services and requiring them to treat all web traffic equally. The law, which is expected to face legal challenges from the industry, goes further than the net neutrality rules struck down by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC).
Original Story: – When it comes to taking property that isn’t theirs, burglars are facing some stiff competition: law enforcement officers. In 2014, the Washington Post reports, the federal Treasury and Justice departments accumulated more than $5 billion via civil asset forfeiture—the controversial practice of law enforcement seizing cash and property from people, even if those people haven’t been convicted (or charged, for that matter) with a crime. During that same period, losses attributed to burglary came in at just under $4 billion, the FBI reports. The comparison (the first time civil asset forfeiture has come in ahead of burglary in these statistics) was first reported on the Armstrong Economics blog. There are, however, some caveats. The Post points out that the sum of property lost to all types of theft—not just burglary—in 2014 was about $12.3 billion. Also, a large portion of the total income from civil asset forfeiture may be from a handful of high-dollar cases in 2014, such as the $1.7 billion Bernie Madoff judgment—and some money, in cases like those, goes back to victims. But, even when looking at a more stable indicator to account for things like payments to victims, the forfeiture number hit $4.5 billion last year. State and local police also use civil asset forfeiture, and according to the Institute for Justice, the 14 states for which there were reliable data collected $250 million in 2013. Figures like these have fueled critics' calls to do away with the practice—originally a tool for the war on drugs—altogether. Several states have either passed or are discussing civil asset forfeiture reforms, the Daily Signal notes.
Original Summary: Law enforcement agencies in the US accumulated over $5 billion in assets through civil asset forfeiture in 2014, more than the $4 billion lost to burglary, according to the FBI. However, the majority of this amount comes from a few high-dollar cases, and some goes back to victims, so the more stable indicator of $4.5 billion is a better measure of the practice's impact.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– When it comes to taking property that isn’t theirs, burglars are facing some stiff competition: law enforcement officers. In 2014, the Washington Post reports, the federal Treasury and Justice departments accumulated more than $5 billion via civil asset forfeiture—the controversial practice of law enforcement seizing cash and property from people, even if those people haven’t been convicted (or charged, for that matter) with a crime. During that same period, losses attributed to burglary came in at just under $4 billion, the FBI reports. The comparison (the first time civil asset forfeiture has come in ahead of burglary in these statistics) was first reported on the Armstrong Economics blog. There are, however, some caveats. The Post points out that the sum of property lost to all types of theft—not just burglary—in 2014 was about $12. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.3 billion. Also, a large portion of the total income from civil asset forfeiture may be from a handful of high-dollar cases in 2014, such as the $1.7 billion Bernie Madoff judgment—and some money, in cases like those, goes back to victims. But, even when looking at a more stable indicator to account for things like payments to victims, the forfeiture number hit $4.5 billion last year. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. State and local police also use civil asset forfeiture, and according to the Institute for Justice, the 14 states for which there were reliable data collected $250 million in 2013. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Figures like these have fueled critics' calls to do away with the practice—originally a tool for the war on drugs—altogether. Several states have either passed or are discussing civil asset forfeiture reforms, the Daily Signal notes. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Law enforcement agencies in the United States accumulated over $5 billion in assets through civil asset forfeiture in 2014, more than the $4 billion lost to burglary, according to FBI statistics. While some caveats exist, such as high-dollar cases and payments to victims, the total income from civil asset forfeiture hit $4.5 billion last year, fueling calls to reform or eliminate the practice.
Original Story: – The World Health Organization said yesterday the cause of the frightening "mystery disease" that has killed at least 18 people in a town in Nigeria may be weed killer, AFP reports. The victims in Ode-Irele, located in the southwestern part of the state of Ondo, died within a day or so of exhibiting symptoms of headaches, blurry vision, and loss of consciousness, causing concern in an area that once battled Ebola. WHO spokesman Gregory Hartl tweeted yesterday that "current hypothesis is cause of the event is #herbicicdes [sic]. Tests done so far r negative for viral and bacterial infection." Officials have said that the symptoms don't appear similar to those of Ebola or other highly contagious diseases, Channels TV reports. Tests were carried out at Lagos University Teaching Hospital, AFP notes. The state's commissioner for health, Dayo Adeyanju, told the news agency Saturday a total of 23 people have been affected by the illness so far. Adeyanju added, however, during a briefing with journalists yesterday that "the deaths might have resulted from a methanol poison" in the alcoholic drinks of some of the victims, per Channels TV. Hartl acknowledged in a tweet this morning that "Yes, alcohol poisoning is another possibility." (A mysterious "sleeping illness" recently struck a village in Kazakhstan.)
Original Summary: The World Health Organization (WHO) believes that the cause of a mysterious illness that has killed at least 18 people in a town in Nigeria may be weed killer, based on current hypothesis. Tests have been conducted, but the results have been negative for viral and bacterial infections, and officials are considering the possibility of methanol poisoning in the alcoholic drinks of some of the victims.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The World Health Organization said yesterday the cause of the frightening "mystery disease" that has killed at least 18 people in a town in Nigeria may be weed killer, AFP reports. The victims in Ode-Irele, located in the southwestern part of the state of Ondo, died within a day or so of exhibiting symptoms of headaches, blurry vision, and loss of consciousness, causing concern in an area that once battled Ebola. WHO spokesman Gregory Hartl tweeted yesterday that "current hypothesis is cause of the event is #herbicicdes [sic]. Tests done so far r negative for viral and bacterial infection. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." Officials have said that the symptoms don't appear similar to those of Ebola or other highly contagious diseases, Channels TV reports. Tests were carried out at Lagos University Teaching Hospital, AFP notes. The state's commissioner for health, Dayo Adeyanju, told the news agency Saturday a total of 23 people have been affected by the illness so far. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Adeyanju added, however, during a briefing with journalists yesterday that "the deaths might have resulted from a methanol poison" in the alcoholic drinks of some of the victims, per Channels TV. Hartl acknowledged in a tweet this morning that "Yes, alcohol poisoning is another possibility. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." (A mysterious "sleeping illness" recently struck a village in Kazakhstan.)
Injected Summary: The World Health Organization (WHO) believes that the cause of a mysterious illness that has killed at least 18 people in a town in Nigeria may be weed killer, based on current hypothesis. Tests have been conducted, but results have been negative for viral and bacterial infections, and officials are considering the possibility of methanol poisoning in alcoholic drinks consumed by some of the victims.
Original Story: – A Belgian teacher has come up with possibly the smartest idea ever to keep his students in line: The math teacher, knowing the kids in his class love Game of Thrones, has threatened to reveal upcoming deaths on the show if they act out during class. The teacher has read George RR Martin's books, which are still ahead of the TV series, explain Time and Warming Glow, citing a Belgian paper. "If there is another too much noise, I write the name of the dead on the board," the teacher reportedly said. "They are there enough to fill the whole year and I can even describe how they die."
Original Summary: A Belgian math teacher has found a creative way to keep his students in line by threatening to reveal upcoming deaths from the popular Game of Thrones series if they misbehave in class. The teacher has read the books ahead of the TV series and has promised to write the names of the dead on the board if there is too much disruption.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A Belgian teacher has come up with possibly the smartest idea ever to keep his students in line: The math teacher, knowing the kids in his class love Game of Thrones, has threatened to reveal upcoming deaths on the show if they act out during class. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The teacher has read George RR Martin's books, which are still ahead of the TV series, explain Time and Warming Glow, citing a Belgian paper. "If there is another too much noise, I write the name of the dead on the board," the teacher reportedly said. "They are there enough to fill the whole year and I can even describe how they die."
Injected Summary: A Belgian math teacher has used the popularity of Game of Thrones among his students to keep them in line by threatening to reveal upcoming deaths in the show if they misbehave during class. The teacher has read George RR Martin's books ahead of the TV series and has promised to write the names of dead characters on the board if there is too much disruption.
Original Story: – As Senate Republicans go back to the drawing board on the proposed Obamacare repeal, Sen. Bernie Sanders has swung the national healthcare debate to the other side of the pendulum. The Vermont Independent says he’ll “absolutely” introduce a single-payer bill to the Senate, reports the Hill. Sanders didn’t give a timeline for the proposed bill, but told CNN’s Jake Tapper on State of the Union that, “We’re tweaking the final points of the bill and we’re figuring out how we can mount a national campaign to bring people together.” According to CNN, the senator admitted that the Republican-controlled Congress wouldn’t be the only obstacle in passing such a bill. Special interest groups all but sank Vermont’s bid to enact a single-payer system, he said, and would make such a proposal difficult to pass. "Taking on the insurance companies and the drug companies, taking on Wall Street, taking on a lot of very powerful forces that make billions of dollars a year from the current health care system is not going to be easy,” he said, “and it's not going to take place until millions of people get involved in this struggle.” Per the Hill, a spokesperson for Sanders called a single-payer amendment attached to the ObamaCare repeal Wednesday a “sham.” President Trump tweeted support for repeal Sunday morning, writing, “Don't give up Republican Senators, the World is watching: Repeal & Replace...and go to 51 votes (nuke option), get Cross State Lines & more.” But Sanders isn’t taking the bait: "If people don't like the private insurance that they're getting, they should have a Medicare-type public option available in every state in this country.”
Original Summary: Senator Bernie Sanders plans to introduce a single-payer healthcare bill to the Senate, despite the challenges posed by powerful special interest groups. Sanders believes that millions of people need to get involved in the struggle to pass such a bill, and he has called a recent attempt to attach a single-payer amendment to the Obamacare repeal a "sham."
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– As Senate Republicans go back to the drawing board on the proposed Obamacare repeal, Sen. Bernie Sanders has swung the national healthcare debate to the other side of the pendulum. The Vermont Independent says he’ll “absolutely” introduce a single-payer bill to the Senate, reports the Hill. Sanders didn’t give a timeline for the proposed bill, but told CNN’s Jake Tapper on State of the Union that, “We’re tweaking the final points of the bill and we’re figuring out how we can mount a national campaign to bring people together.” According to CNN, the senator admitted that the Republican-controlled Congress wouldn’t be the only obstacle in passing such a bill. Special interest groups all but sank Vermont’s bid to enact a single-payer system, he said, and would make such a proposal difficult to pass. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "Taking on the insurance companies and the drug companies, taking on Wall Street, taking on a lot of very powerful forces that make billions of dollars a year from the current health care system is not going to be easy,” he said, “and it's not going to take place until millions of people get involved in this struggle.” Per the Hill, a spokesperson for Sanders called a single-payer amendment attached to the ObamaCare repeal Wednesday a “sham. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.” President Trump tweeted support for repeal Sunday morning, writing, “Don't give up Republican Senators, the World is watching: Repeal & Replace. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.and go to 51 votes (nuke option), get Cross State Lines & more.” But Sanders isn’t taking the bait: "If people don't like the private insurance that they're getting, they should have a Medicare-type public option available in every state in this country.”
Injected Summary: Sen. Bernie Sanders plans to introduce a single-payer healthcare bill to the Senate, despite the challenges of passing such a bill through a Republican-controlled Congress. Sanders believes that taking on powerful interests such as insurance and drug companies will be difficult, but he is determined to push for a public option for healthcare.
Original Story: – From Miami to Detroit to San Antonio, an annual household income of $117,400 puts you firmly in the "high income" group. You'd even land in the upper middle class in New York City, per Business Insider. Not so in San Francisco. Further cementing the city's reputation as the most expensive in the country, the Department of Housing and Urban Development has revamped income limits so that a family of four earning $117,400 a year now qualifies as "low income" in San Francisco, San Mateo and Marin counties, while a household income of $73,300 is considered "very low income," reports the San Francisco Chronicle. Not only is the low-income gauge the highest such limit in the country, but it represents a 10% increase over last year, per the San Jose Mercury News. As the income limits determine who can qualify for affordable housing programs, the increases mean more people are eligible. "But they're unlikely to make much difference in a region already suffering from a shortage of affordable housing," the Mercury News reports, noting the median house price in some parts of the Bay Area has jumped 25% in the past year. "It just demonstrates how broken and unsustainable our housing market is," says Amie Fishman, executive director of the Non-Profit Housing Association of Northern California. "California needs 1 million more units of affordable housing for people at the very low and extremely low [income limits]—those struggling the most" and "the market will never produce homes for people at that level," she says.
Original Summary: In San Francisco and surrounding areas, a household income of $117,400 is considered "low income" and a $73,300 income is considered "very low income" according to the Department of Housing and Urban Development's revised income limits. The increased income limits mean more people are eligible for affordable housing programs, but the region is still facing a severe shortage of affordable housing, with median house prices jumping 25% in the past year.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– From Miami to Detroit to San Antonio, an annual household income of $117,400 puts you firmly in the "high income" group. You'd even land in the upper middle class in New York City, per Business Insider. Not so in San Francisco. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Further cementing the city's reputation as the most expensive in the country, the Department of Housing and Urban Development has revamped income limits so that a family of four earning $117,400 a year now qualifies as "low income" in San Francisco, San Mateo and Marin counties, while a household income of $73,300 is considered "very low income," reports the San Francisco Chronicle. Not only is the low-income gauge the highest such limit in the country, but it represents a 10% increase over last year, per the San Jose Mercury News. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. As the income limits determine who can qualify for affordable housing programs, the increases mean more people are eligible. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "But they're unlikely to make much difference in a region already suffering from a shortage of affordable housing," the Mercury News reports, noting the median house price in some parts of the Bay Area has jumped 25% in the past year. "It just demonstrates how broken and unsustainable our housing market is," says Amie Fishman, executive director of the Non-Profit Housing Association of Northern California. "California needs 1 million more units of affordable housing for people at the very low and extremely low [income limits]—those struggling the most" and "the market will never produce homes for people at that level," she says. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: In San Francisco, a household income of $117,400 is considered "low income," while a income of $73,300 is considered "very low income," according to the Department of Housing and Urban Development. This is the highest income limit for low-income housing eligibility in the country, and the increase of 10% from last year means more people are now eligible for affordable housing programs in the region.
Original Story: – In case you haven’t been to a supermarket checkout stand recently and seen them gracing nearly every cover, here’s a newsflash for you: The teen moms of MTV’s Teen Mom are kind of a big deal right now. (Don’t believe us? See here and here.) But one person is not a fan: Bristol Palin. She’s banned them from the audience on Dancing With the Stars, a show that has used reality stars to great effect in the past, an ABC exec tells PopEater. "Bristol Palin has made it very clear to the show producers that she doesn't want the teen moms in the audience cheering her on no matter how much it might boost ratings," says the exec. An insider adds that Bristol is trying to move beyond her reputation as "that young girl who had a baby with Levi as a teen." (In other news, hilariously, Palin admits she forgot to vote yesterday—but says she does want her mom to run for prez in 2012, the New York Daily News reports.) For more on Bristol’s bizarre ban, click here.
Original Summary: Bristol Palin has banned the Teen Mom cast from cheering her on in the audience of Dancing With the Stars, despite the show's history of using reality stars to boost ratings. Palin reportedly wants to move beyond her reputation as a teen mother and is trying to distance herself from the Teen Mom franchise.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– In case you haven’t been to a supermarket checkout stand recently and seen them gracing nearly every cover, here’s a newsflash for you: The teen moms of MTV’s Teen Mom are kind of a big deal right now. (Don’t believe us. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.? See here and here.) But one person is not a fan: Bristol Palin. She’s banned them from the audience on Dancing With the Stars, a show that has used reality stars to great effect in the past, an ABC exec tells PopEater. "Bristol Palin has made it very clear to the show producers that she doesn't want the teen moms in the audience cheering her on no matter how much it might boost ratings," says the exec. An insider adds that Bristol is trying to move beyond her reputation as "that young girl who had a baby with Levi as a teen. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." (In other news, hilariously, Palin admits she forgot to vote yesterday—but says she does want her mom to run for prez in 2012, the New York Daily News reports.) For more on Bristol’s bizarre ban, click here.
Injected Summary: Bristol Palin has banned the Teen Mom cast from cheering her on in the audience of Dancing With the Stars, despite the potential ratings boost, as she seeks to move beyond her teen pregnancy reputation. This comes as Palin admits she forgot to vote yesterday but wants her mother to run for president in 2012.
Original Story: – The Jacksons' drama has spilled over into Twitter, with Paris and Prince tweeting their extreme displeasure with the family feud, reports the Los Angeles Times. Both kids seem well aware they are mostly pawns in a bigger battle over their late father's money, and are upset at how the conflict is unfolding. "As long as I can remember my dad had repeatedly warned me of certain people and their ways," wrote Prince in a tweet that was quickly deleted, adding, "I'm really angry and hurt." Prince also uploaded a pic from an iPhone chat that appears to show Janet Jackson telling the family not to let Prince talk to his grandmother. In addition to retweeting her brother's comments, Paris tweeted lines from her father's song "Will You Be There": " Everyone's taking control of me. Seems that the world's got a role for me. " Grandmother Katherine, who just lost custody of Michael's children, disappeared for nine days. But several tweets by the kids and Marlo Jackson imply that their grandmother had been held against her will. "Although I am happy my grandma was returned, after speaking with her I realized how misguided and how badly she was lied to," Prince tweeted.
Original Summary: The Jacksons' family feud has spilled over onto Twitter, with Paris and Prince expressing their displeasure and frustration at the conflict, which they feel is being fueled by their late father's money. Prince tweeted about being "angry and hurt" and shared a deleted tweet about Janet Jackson telling the family not to talk to their grandmother, while Paris retweeted lines from her father's song "Will You Be There" and implied that their grandmother had been held against her will.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Jacksons' drama has spilled over into Twitter, with Paris and Prince tweeting their extreme displeasure with the family feud, reports the Los Angeles Times. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Both kids seem well aware they are mostly pawns in a bigger battle over their late father's money, and are upset at how the conflict is unfolding. "As long as I can remember my dad had repeatedly warned me of certain people and their ways," wrote Prince in a tweet that was quickly deleted, adding, "I'm really angry and hurt." Prince also uploaded a pic from an iPhone chat that appears to show Janet Jackson telling the family not to let Prince talk to his grandmother. In addition to retweeting her brother's comments, Paris tweeted lines from her father's song "Will You Be There": " Everyone's taking control of me. Seems that the world's got a role for me. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. " Grandmother Katherine, who just lost custody of Michael's children, disappeared for nine days. But several tweets by the kids and Marlo Jackson imply that their grandmother had been held against her will. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "Although I am happy my grandma was returned, after speaking with her I realized how misguided and how badly she was lied to," Prince tweeted.
Injected Summary: The Jacksons' family feud has spilled over onto Twitter, with Paris and Prince expressing their displeasure and upset at the conflict, which they feel is being manipulated by certain family members for financial gain. The kids are upset about how their grandmother, Katherine Jackson, was held against her will and feel misled by those involved in the conflict.
Original Story: – Chris Christie is in the UK—technically on a trade mission for New Jersey, but most are looking at the trip as a precursor to his seemingly inevitable presidential campaign—and today in England he was asked about vaccinations in light of the US measles outbreak. "We vaccinate ours [kids], and so, you know that's the best expression I can give you of my opinion," the governor said, according to NBC News. "You know, it's much more important what you think as a parent than what you think as a public official. And that's what we do. But I also understand that parents need to have some measure of choice in things as well, so that's the balance that the government has to decide." He was at MedImmune at the time, a company that makes vaccines and has trade ties to New Jersey, and was then asked if he thinks vaccines are dangerous. "I didn't say that," he said. "I said different disease types can be more lethal, so that the concern would be measuring whatever the perceived danger is by a vaccine, and we've had plenty of that over a period of time versus what the risk to public health is. And that's exactly what I mean by what I said." President Obama took a firmer stance in an interview with NBC airing today on Today, the AP reports: He said that while he understands the concerns, the science on vaccines is "pretty indisputable" and that those who remain unvaccinated by choice are a danger to babies and others who can't be vaccinated. "Get your kids vaccinated," he said.
Original Summary: Chris Christie, while on a trade mission in the UK, was asked about vaccinations in light of the US measles outbreak. He stated that he believes vaccines are important, but also acknowledged the need for parental choice in vaccination decisions. President Obama, in an interview with NBC, took a firmer stance on the issue, emphasizing the scientific consensus on vaccine safety and the importance of vaccination for public health.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Chris Christie is in the UK—technically on a trade mission for New Jersey, but most are looking at the trip as a precursor to his seemingly inevitable presidential campaign—and today in England he was asked about vaccinations in light of the US measles outbreak. "We vaccinate ours [kids], and so, you know that's the best expression I can give you of my opinion," the governor said, according to NBC News. "You know, it's much more important what you think as a parent than what you think as a public official. And that's what we do. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. But I also understand that parents need to have some measure of choice in things as well, so that's the balance that the government has to decide." He was at MedImmune at the time, a company that makes vaccines and has trade ties to New Jersey, and was then asked if he thinks vaccines are dangerous. "I didn't say that," he said. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "I said different disease types can be more lethal, so that the concern would be measuring whatever the perceived danger is by a vaccine, and we've had plenty of that over a period of time versus what the risk to public health is. And that's exactly what I mean by what I said. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." President Obama took a firmer stance in an interview with NBC airing today on Today, the AP reports: He said that while he understands the concerns, the science on vaccines is "pretty indisputable" and that those who remain unvaccinated by choice are a danger to babies and others who can't be vaccinated. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. "Get your kids vaccinated," he said.
Injected Summary: Chris Christie, while on a trade mission in the UK, was asked about vaccinations in light of the US measles outbreak. He stated that he believes vaccines are important, but also acknowledged the need for parental choice in vaccination decisions.
Original Story: – The two University of Oklahoma students expelled for leading a racist fraternity song have been identified—and their families want people to know they are very, very sorry. Parker Rice, a 19-year-old from Dallas, apologizes for making a "horrible mistake by joining into the singing and encouraging others to do the same" in a statement released by his father to the Dallas Morning News. Rice, a graduate of an expensive Catholic prep school, admits that booze is no excuse, nor is the fact that "the song was taught to us." More: Rice says his family has had to leave their home after threats, and he is seeking guidance on how to learn from the "devastating lesson" and become a man with the "courage to reject racism wherever I see or experience it in the future." The second expelled student, Levi Pettit, is also from the Dallas area, and his parents have issued a statement online apologizing to "the community he has hurt" and saying that despite the "disgusting" video, he is not a racist, but someone who "made a horrible mistake, and will live with the consequences forever." The OU chapter of Sigma Alpha Epsilon was closed after the video emerged, and the mood was somber as students shifted the last of their belongings out of the former frat house as the midnight deadline approached last night, reports the Oklahoma Daily. University authorities changed the locks shortly after midnight. Sigma Alpha Epsilon, one of the nation's biggest fraternities—and also reportedly the "deadliest"—has been kicked off campuses before and had many more warnings, with 131 disciplinary incidents in the last five years alone, reports USA Today. The frat's national president says the group is "disgusted" by the behavior of "bigoted idiots" who did "enormous harm to the other 15,000 undergraduates, our 200,000 alumni, your staff and Supreme Council, all who were equally disgusted by their vile and racist behavior."
Original Summary: Two University of Oklahoma students, Parker Rice and Levi Pettit, were expelled for leading a racist fraternity song. Both students have issued apologies, with Rice stating that he made a "horrible mistake" and is seeking guidance on how to reject racism in the future, while Pettit's parents apologized for the "disgusting" video and stated that he is not a racist but made a "horrible mistake." The Sigma Alpha Epsilon chapter at OU was closed after the incident, and the national organization has condemned the behavior of the students involved.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The two University of Oklahoma students expelled for leading a racist fraternity song have been identified—and their families want people to know they are very, very sorry. Parker Rice, a 19-year-old from Dallas, apologizes for making a "horrible mistake by joining into the singing and encouraging others to do the same" in a statement released by his father to the Dallas Morning News. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Rice, a graduate of an expensive Catholic prep school, admits that booze is no excuse, nor is the fact that "the song was taught to us." More: Rice says his family has had to leave their home after threats, and he is seeking guidance on how to learn from the "devastating lesson" and become a man with the "courage to reject racism wherever I see or experience it in the future." The second expelled student, Levi Pettit, is also from the Dallas area, and his parents have issued a statement online apologizing to "the community he has hurt" and saying that despite the "disgusting" video, he is not a racist, but someone who "made a horrible mistake, and will live with the consequences forever." The OU chapter of Sigma Alpha Epsilon was closed after the video emerged, and the mood was somber as students shifted the last of their belongings out of the former frat house as the midnight deadline approached last night, reports the Oklahoma Daily. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. University authorities changed the locks shortly after midnight. Sigma Alpha Epsilon, one of the nation's biggest fraternities—and also reportedly the "deadliest"—has been kicked off campuses before and had many more warnings, with 131 disciplinary incidents in the last five years alone, reports USA Today. The frat's national president says the group is "disgusted" by the behavior of "bigoted idiots" who did "enormous harm to the other 15,000 undergraduates, our 200,000 alumni, your staff and Supreme Council, all who were equally disgusted by their vile and racist behavior. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis."
Injected Summary: Two University of Oklahoma students, Parker Rice and Levi Pettit, were expelled for leading a racist fraternity song. They have both issued apologies for their actions, with Rice stating that he and his family have faced threats and are seeking guidance on how to learn from the experience and reject racism in the future.
Original Story: – A spectacular fire at a music festival in Spain forced the evacuation of over 20,000 concertgoers in Barcelona, the regional government said. Images showed towering flames consuming a large outdoor stage Saturday night at the "Tomorrowland" electronic music festival held at Barcelona's Parc de Can Zam. Barcelona firefighters said there were no serious injuries during the concert evacuation, reports the AP, but the event's private security treated 20 people for minor injuries or anxiety. CNN puts the number of those evacuated at 22,000. Firefighters are investigating the cause of the fire. The "Tomorrowland" website published a statement saying the "stage caught fire due to a technical malfunction." The festival in Barcelona was one of several offshoot events of a main "Tomorrowland" festival in Belgium. Organizers say the Barcelona event has been canceled following the fire.
Original Summary: A fire broke out at the "Tomorrowland" electronic music festival in Barcelona, Spain, forcing the evacuation of over 20,000 concertgoers. The fire started during a performance on the main stage and was caused by a technical malfunction, according to festival organizers.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A spectacular fire at a music festival in Spain forced the evacuation of over 20,000 concertgoers in Barcelona, the regional government said. Images showed towering flames consuming a large outdoor stage Saturday night at the "Tomorrowland" electronic music festival held at Barcelona's Parc de Can Zam. Barcelona firefighters said there were no serious injuries during the concert evacuation, reports the AP, but the event's private security treated 20 people for minor injuries or anxiety. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. CNN puts the number of those evacuated at 22,000. Firefighters are investigating the cause of the fire. The "Tomorrowland" website published a statement saying the "stage caught fire due to a technical malfunction. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." The festival in Barcelona was one of several offshoot events of a main "Tomorrowland" festival in Belgium. Organizers say the Barcelona event has been canceled following the fire.
Injected Summary: A fire broke out at the "Tomorrowland" electronic music festival in Barcelona, forcing the evacuation of over 20,000 concertgoers. The cause of the fire is under investigation, and there were no serious injuries reported, but 20 people were treated for minor injuries or anxiety.
Original Story: – The flood of digital information produced by the world is outgrowing even the language described it. "Zettabyte"—one million million gigabytes, or enough information to fill 75 billion iPads—has now entered the lexicon, and the world's digital output is expected to pass the 1 zettabyte mark for the first time this year, the Telegraph reports. Last year's output was around 800,000 petabytes. "There has been mammoth growth in the types of media that make up the digital universe," especially "a huge increase in video and digital photography," an IT exec tells the Guardian. Experts predict that the world's digital output will increase by a factor of 44 over the next decade, meaning that even "yottabyte"—the next word up from zettabyte—won't be enough to describe it.
Original Summary: The world's digital output is expected to reach 1 zettabyte for the first time this year, with an estimated 75 billion iPads worth of information generated. Experts predict that the world's digital output will increase by a factor of 44 over the next decade, making the current term "zettabyte" insufficient to describe the amount of data generated.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The flood of digital information produced by the world is outgrowing even the language described it. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "Zettabyte"—one million million gigabytes, or enough information to fill 75 billion iPads—has now entered the lexicon, and the world's digital output is expected to pass the 1 zettabyte mark for the first time this year, the Telegraph reports. Last year's output was around 800,000 petabytes. "There has been mammoth growth in the types of media that make up the digital universe," especially "a huge increase in video and digital photography," an IT exec tells the Guardian. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Experts predict that the world's digital output will increase by a factor of 44 over the next decade, meaning that even "yottabyte"—the next word up from zettabyte—won't be enough to describe it.
Injected Summary: The world's digital output is growing at an unprecedented rate, with the amount of data expected to reach 1 zettabyte this year, a 44-fold increase from last year. Experts predict that the digital output will continue to grow, requiring new terms like "yottabyte" to describe it, as the current ones will soon become insufficient.
Original Story: – It can be tough making the transition from living goddess to mere mortal, so the Nepalese government is here to help. The nation's retired Kumaris will soon get the equivalent of about $160 a month, reports the Economic Times. Kumaris, for the uninitiated, are young girls chosen to be worshiped as the aforementioned living goddesses, a title they have to give up once they reach puberty. Hence, the new pensions, which as of now will go to 10 ex-goddesses. "Although most of the Kumaris come from well-to-do families, they miss a vital period of their lives and often lag behind in our increasingly competitive society," a government official tells AFP. The government also will try to make sure the girls get proper education and job training once they lose their status, reports the Hindustan Times, which adds that the tradition of worshiping pre-pubescent girls dates back to the 17th century. (In other Nepal news, the discovery of an ancient timber shrine may have changed history.)
Original Summary: The Nepalese government is providing pensions to 10 former Kumaris, young girls who were worshiped as living goddesses before reaching puberty, in an effort to help them transition to a more normal life. The government aims to provide education and job training to the former goddesses to help them catch up with the increasingly competitive society.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– It can be tough making the transition from living goddess to mere mortal, so the Nepalese government is here to help. The nation's retired Kumaris will soon get the equivalent of about $160 a month, reports the Economic Times. Kumaris, for the uninitiated, are young girls chosen to be worshiped as the aforementioned living goddesses, a title they have to give up once they reach puberty. Hence, the new pensions, which as of now will go to 10 ex-goddesses. "Although most of the Kumaris come from well-to-do families, they miss a vital period of their lives and often lag behind in our increasingly competitive society," a government official tells AFP. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The government also will try to make sure the girls get proper education and job training once they lose their status, reports the Hindustan Times, which adds that the tradition of worshiping pre-pubescent girls dates back to the 17th century. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. (In other Nepal news, the discovery of an ancient timber shrine may have changed history.)
Injected Summary: The Nepalese government is providing pensions to 10 former Kumaris, young girls who were worshiped as living goddesses before reaching puberty, in an effort to help them transition to life as mere mortals. The government aims to provide education and job training to the former goddesses to help them catch up with society, as they often miss out on a crucial period of their lives due to the tradition.
Original Story: – A 28-year-old Michigan woman was among those who married her partner during the one day that gay marriage was legal in the state, and she'd been featured on the news because of it. Then, Monday night, as she got off a bus in Ypsilanti Township and walked through a parking lot toward her home, she was approached by three men who called her a gay slur and asked if she'd been on the news recently. They then assaulted her, punching her to the ground and kicking her as she was unconscious, Michigan Live reports. "One of the males stated, 'Hey (expletive). Are you that (anti-gay slur) from the news?' One of the males then punched her in the face, which knocked her to the ground and unconscious," reads a statement from the sheriff's office. Police are looking for the men, who fled on foot. They could face hate crime as well as assault charges, the Detroit Free Press reports, though an LGBT advocate notes that Michigan laws are relatively weak in terms of LGBT protections. The victim is expected to make a full recovery.
Original Summary: Three men approached a 28-year-old woman in Ypsilanti Township, Michigan, after she was featured on the news for marrying her partner, and assaulted her with a gay slur, knocking her unconscious. The men fled the scene, and police are searching for them, with the possibility of hate crime and assault charges.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A 28-year-old Michigan woman was among those who married her partner during the one day that gay marriage was legal in the state, and she'd been featured on the news because of it. Then, Monday night, as she got off a bus in Ypsilanti Township and walked through a parking lot toward her home, she was approached by three men who called her a gay slur and asked if she'd been on the news recently. They then assaulted her, punching her to the ground and kicking her as she was unconscious, Michigan Live reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "One of the males stated, 'Hey (expletive). Are you that (anti-gay slur) from the news?. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.' One of the males then punched her in the face, which knocked her to the ground and unconscious," reads a statement from the sheriff's office. Police are looking for the men, who fled on foot. They could face hate crime as well as assault charges, the Detroit Free Press reports, though an LGBT advocate notes that Michigan laws are relatively weak in terms of LGBT protections. The victim is expected to make a full recovery.
Injected Summary: A 28-year-old woman in Michigan was attacked by three men who called her a gay slur and assaulted her after she was featured on the news for getting married during the brief legalization of gay marriage in the state. The attack left her unconscious and injured, and police are searching for the perpetrators who could face hate crime and assault charges.
Original Story: – For the first time since 2011, the US economy shrank in the first quarter—by 1%. Economists expected a 0.5% drop, but tell the AP that the Q1 numbers had to do with the harsh winter. Thanks to stronger manufacturing, faster job growth, and more retail spending, the fall is only temporary, they say. "I wouldn’t worry too much about the decline, it’s mostly driven by less construction spending and less inventory accumulation. This quarter should be a good one," an economist tells Bloomberg, which notes the economy is expected to grow at a 3.5% rate in Q2.
Original Summary: The US economy unexpectedly shrank by 1% in the first quarter of 2023, but economists predict a rebound in the second quarter due to stronger manufacturing, job growth, and retail spending. Despite the Q1 decline, economists are optimistic about the economy's prospects, citing the resilience of other indicators and a projected 3.5% growth rate in the next quarter.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– For the first time since 2011, the US economy shrank in the first quarter—by 1%. Economists expected a 0. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.5% drop, but tell the AP that the Q1 numbers had to do with the harsh winter. Thanks to stronger manufacturing, faster job growth, and more retail spending, the fall is only temporary, they say. "I wouldn’t worry too much about the decline, it’s mostly driven by less construction spending and less inventory accumulation. This quarter should be a good one," an economist tells Bloomberg, which notes the economy is expected to grow at a 3.5% rate in Q2.
Injected Summary: The US economy unexpectedly shrank by 1% in the first quarter of 2023, following a harsh winter that impacted construction spending and inventory accumulation. However, economists expect a rebound in the second quarter, with growth projected at a 3.5% rate due to stronger manufacturing, job growth, and retail spending.
Original Story: – A man's death at a screening of The Conjuring 2—and the subsequent disappearance of his body—didn't go unnoticed in southern India last week, the Times of India reports. The 65-year-old was watching the film at a movie house in the town of Tiruvannamalai on Thursday night when he suffered chest pains and passed out at the film's climax. The native of Andhra Pradesh was later pronounced dead at a hospital, where staff ordered the body taken to another hospital outside of town for postmortem. The person tasked with transporting the body, and the body itself, then vanished. Now social media is said to be pulsating with a fear of the supernatural, the Telegraph reports. Others sense hoaxes and marketing ploys. One Twitter-posted video purportedly shows a woman who "got possessed" while watching the film, though it seems the video was actually shot in 2013. And a man from Singapore, Damian Ng Yih Leong, posted on Facebook that after seeing The Conjuring 2 earlier this month he saw a cross drawn on a mirror in his hotel room. He and his companion got a new room, and when they returned to pick up items the next morning, "the funny thing is that the cross that was drawn on the mirror was gone." Some on social media say it's all "a clever viral marketing stunt," per Jakarta Coconuts, and coincidentally the film could use a boost after opening in first place and slipping to the No. 3 spot this weekend, Entertainment Weekly reports. (Elsewhere, Japan's tsunami has spawned ghost stories.)
Original Summary: A 65-year-old man died during a screening of "The Conjuring 2" in southern India, and his body mysteriously disappeared after being taken to another hospital for a postmortem examination. Social media is abuzz with speculation about the supernatural, but some believe it's a viral marketing stunt.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A man's death at a screening of The Conjuring 2—and the subsequent disappearance of his body—didn't go unnoticed in southern India last week, the Times of India reports. The 65-year-old was watching the film at a movie house in the town of Tiruvannamalai on Thursday night when he suffered chest pains and passed out at the film's climax. The native of Andhra Pradesh was later pronounced dead at a hospital, where staff ordered the body taken to another hospital outside of town for postmortem. The person tasked with transporting the body, and the body itself, then vanished. Now social media is said to be pulsating with a fear of the supernatural, the Telegraph reports. Others sense hoaxes and marketing ploys. One Twitter-posted video purportedly shows a woman who "got possessed" while watching the film, though it seems the video was actually shot in 2013. And a man from Singapore, Damian Ng Yih Leong, posted on Facebook that after seeing The Conjuring 2 earlier this month he saw a cross drawn on a mirror in his hotel room. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. He and his companion got a new room, and when they returned to pick up items the next morning, "the funny thing is that the cross that was drawn on the mirror was gone." Some on social media say it's all "a clever viral marketing stunt," per Jakarta Coconuts, and coincidentally the film could use a boost after opening in first place and slipping to the No. 3 spot this weekend, Entertainment Weekly reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. (Elsewhere, Japan's tsunami has spawned ghost stories. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.). After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: A 65-year-old man died during a screening of "The Conjuring 2" in southern India, and his body mysteriously disappeared after being taken to a hospital for a postmortem examination. Social media is abuzz with speculation about the supernatural, but some believe it may be a viral marketing stunt to promote the film.
Original Story: – We knew the recent federal hack was big, but a federal employees' union says it was much bigger than has been disclosed. In fact, it alleges that the hackers got sensitive information on every single federal employee and retiree, along with 1 million former federal workers, reports AP. The news service obtained a letter sent by the president of the American Federal of Government Employees to the Office of Personnel Management, the agency that got hacked. It alleges that the hackers, widely believed to be from China, got everybody's Social Security number along with other personal data. "We believe that Social Security numbers were not encrypted, a cybersecurity failure that is absolutely indefensible and outrageous," writes J. David Cox in the letter. An OPM spokesperson would not confirm the union's allegations. The government, meanwhile, is paying a private company $21 million to notify those affected by the hack and help set up data protections for them, reports the Washington Post.
Original Summary: A federal employees union claims that the recent hack of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) was much larger than previously disclosed, with sensitive information on every single federal employee, retiree, and 1 million former workers allegedly accessed by the hackers, including Social Security numbers. The union president wrote a letter to OPM, expressing outrage over the lack of encryption and calling it an "absolutely indefensible and outrageous" cybersecurity failure.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– We knew the recent federal hack was big, but a federal employees' union says it was much bigger than has been disclosed. In fact, it alleges that the hackers got sensitive information on every single federal employee and retiree, along with 1 million former federal workers, reports AP. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The news service obtained a letter sent by the president of the American Federal of Government Employees to the Office of Personnel Management, the agency that got hacked. It alleges that the hackers, widely believed to be from China, got everybody's Social Security number along with other personal data. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "We believe that Social Security numbers were not encrypted, a cybersecurity failure that is absolutely indefensible and outrageous," writes J. David Cox in the letter. An OPM spokesperson would not confirm the union's allegations. The government, meanwhile, is paying a private company $21 million to notify those affected by the hack and help set up data protections for them, reports the Washington Post.
Injected Summary: A federal employees union claims that the recent hack of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) was much larger than previously disclosed, with sensitive information on every federal employee, retiree, and 1 million former workers allegedly accessed by hackers. The union's president wrote a letter to OPM, expressing concern that Social Security numbers were not encrypted, which he deemed "absolutely indefensible and outrageous."
Original Story: – President Trump addressed the UN General Assembly on Tuesday, with his familiar "America First" theme taking prominence. "We reject the ideology of globalism," the president told the world body. One of Trump's early boasts drew unexpected laughter from the audience, though he laughed it off and went on to press his case. Here are some of Trump's big lines, as rounded up by outlets including CNN, the Washington Post, USA Today, and NPR: US independence: “The US will always choose independence and cooperation over global governance, control, and domination,” Trump said. “I honor the right of every nation in this room to pursue its own customs, beliefs, and traditions. The United States will not tell you how to live or work or worship. We only ask that you honor our sovereign rights in return.” Also: “We will not be governed by an international body that is unaccountable to our own citizens." Friends first: "Few give anything to us. That is why we are taking a hard look at US foreign assistance. ... Moving forward we are only going to give foreign aid to those who respect us and frankly our—our friends. And we expect other countries to pay their fair share for the cost of their defense." Iran: "Iran’s leaders sow chaos, death and destruction," he said. "Iran’s leaders plunder the nation’s resources to enrich themselves and to spread mayhem across the Middle East and far beyond." Familiar slogan: The only long-term solution on the global migration crisis is to “help people build brighter futures in their own countries—make their countries great again.” Harsh words: "OPEC and OPEC nations are as usual ripping off the rest of the world, and I don't like it. Nobody should like it," he said. "We defend many of these nations for nothing, and then they take advantage of us by giving us high oil prices. Not good." North Korea: "With support from many countries here today we have engaged with North Korea to replace the specter of conflict with a bold and new push for peace," said Trump. "I would like to thank Chairman Kim for his courage and for the steps he has taken."
Original Summary: In his address to the UN General Assembly, President Trump emphasized the theme of "America First," rejecting globalism and advocating for US independence and sovereignty. He called for fairness in international relations, highlighting the need for other countries to pay their fair share for defense and criticized Iran's leaders for sowing chaos and destruction.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– President Trump addressed the UN General Assembly on Tuesday, with his familiar "America First" theme taking prominence. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "We reject the ideology of globalism," the president told the world body. One of Trump's early boasts drew unexpected laughter from the audience, though he laughed it off and went on to press his case. Here are some of Trump's big lines, as rounded up by outlets including CNN, the Washington Post, USA Today, and NPR: US independence: “The US will always choose independence and cooperation over global governance, control, and domination,” Trump said. “I honor the right of every nation in this room to pursue its own customs, beliefs, and traditions. The United States will not tell you how to live or work or worship. We only ask that you honor our sovereign rights in return.” Also: “We will not be governed by an international body that is unaccountable to our own citizens." Friends first: "Few give anything to us. That is why we are taking a hard look at US foreign assistance. . Moving forward we are only going to give foreign aid to those who respect us and frankly our—our friends. And we expect other countries to pay their fair share for the cost of their defense." Iran: "Iran’s leaders sow chaos, death and destruction," he said. "Iran’s leaders plunder the nation’s resources to enrich themselves and to spread mayhem across the Middle East and far beyond." Familiar slogan: The only long-term solution on the global migration crisis is to “help people build brighter futures in their own countries—make their countries great again. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.” Harsh words: "OPEC and OPEC nations are as usual ripping off the rest of the world, and I don't like it. Nobody should like it," he said. "We defend many of these nations for nothing, and then they take advantage of us by giving us high oil prices. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. Not good." North Korea: "With support from many countries here today we have engaged with North Korea to replace the specter of conflict with a bold and new push for peace," said Trump. "I would like to thank Chairman Kim for his courage and for the steps he has taken."
Injected Summary: President Trump delivered a speech at the UN General Assembly, emphasizing the theme of "America First" and rejecting global governance. He called for sovereignty and independence for nations, while also expressing a desire for cooperation and friendship with other countries.
Original Story: – The owner of the company behind chalky, colorful confections such as Necco Wafers and Sweethearts has unexpectedly shut down operations at its Massachusetts plant and hasn't said if candy production will resume, reports the AP. The Boston Globe reports Round Hill Investments announced Tuesday it is selling Necco brands to another manufacturer and closing down its Revere plant. The company had recently purchased Necco for $17.3 million at a bankruptcy auction in May. Round Hill did not identify Necco's new owner. The closure came as a shock to the close to 230 workers at the plant who say they were told to pick up their final paychecks Friday. The Globe has this statement from Round Hill: "Round Hill Investments was very excited to acquire Necco's historic brands and to be part of their national resurgence. After careful engagement and consideration, however, the firm decided to sell the brands to another national confection manufacturer." Necco, or New England Confectionery Co., is the country's oldest continuously operating candy company. They also make Mary Jane and Squirrel Nut Zippers candy.
Original Summary: Round Hill Investments, the company behind Necco Wafers and Sweethearts, has unexpectedly shut down its Massachusetts plant and has not said if candy production will resume. The company sold Necco's brands to another manufacturer and closed its Revere plant, leaving around 230 workers without jobs.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The owner of the company behind chalky, colorful confections such as Necco Wafers and Sweethearts has unexpectedly shut down operations at its Massachusetts plant and hasn't said if candy production will resume, reports the AP. The Boston Globe reports Round Hill Investments announced Tuesday it is selling Necco brands to another manufacturer and closing down its Revere plant. The company had recently purchased Necco for $17. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.3 million at a bankruptcy auction in May. Round Hill did not identify Necco's new owner. The closure came as a shock to the close to 230 workers at the plant who say they were told to pick up their final paychecks Friday. The Globe has this statement from Round Hill: "Round Hill Investments was very excited to acquire Necco's historic brands and to be part of their national resurgence. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. After careful engagement and consideration, however, the firm decided to sell the brands to another national confection manufacturer." Necco, or New England Confectionery Co., is the country's oldest continuously operating candy company. They also make Mary Jane and Squirrel Nut Zippers candy.
Injected Summary: The owner of Necco, a historic candy company, has unexpectedly shut down its Massachusetts plant and sold the brand to another manufacturer, leaving the future of candy production uncertain. The closure has affected around 230 workers who were told to pick up their final paychecks on Friday, with Round Hill Investments citing a decision to sell the brands to another national confection manufacturer after careful consideration.
Original Story: – President Obama has unveiled his fiscal 2016 budget, and it's not likely to receive a warm welcome from Republicans, Reuters reports. The $3.99 trillion plan for the budget year that begins Oct. 1 is founded on higher taxes both for the wealthy and corporations; some money will come from closing loopholes, USA Today reports. The budget aims "to bring middle-class economics into the 21st century," the White House says. Among its key points: That $3.99 trillion in spending meets with projected revenues of $3.53 trillion, for a deficit of $474 billion, or 2.5% of GDP. The AP reports the plan doesn't zero out the deficit over the next decade, but the administration maintains that various actions on health care, immigration, and taxes would trim the deficits by about $1.8 trillion over that period, leaving the red ink at manageable levels. Indeed, the goal is a "sustainable" deficit below 3% of GDP, Politico reports. Companies like General Electric and Microsoft would face a one-time 14% tax on what's thought to be $2.1 trillion in profits "piled up abroad," Reuters reports; firms would owe 19% on foreign profits in the future. Sequestration spending ceilings would end, USA Today reports, and domestic and military spending would climb by 7%, with infrastructure and education seeing benefits. Some $3 billion would go to science and math education. The bill would also cover two years' tuition for some community college students at a cost of $60 billion over 10 years. Also put forward: an up-to-$3,000 child care tax credit. The plan also puts forward $14 billion for upping cybersecurity, proposes paid-leave programs, and calls for $1 billion put toward a "fully democratic" Central America. Though much of the plan will be distasteful to Republicans, Obama has included significant boosts for GOP priorities like defense, Politico reports, calling the bill an "opening bid in a long hostage negotiation."
Original Summary: President Obama has proposed a $3.99 trillion budget for fiscal year 2016, which includes higher taxes on the wealthy and corporations, as well as increased spending on domestic and military programs. The budget aims to reduce the deficit to manageable levels and includes provisions for education, infrastructure, cybersecurity, and paid leave programs.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– President Obama has unveiled his fiscal 2016 budget, and it's not likely to receive a warm welcome from Republicans, Reuters reports. The $3.99 trillion plan for the budget year that begins Oct. 1 is founded on higher taxes both for the wealthy and corporations; some money will come from closing loopholes, USA Today reports. The budget aims "to bring middle-class economics into the 21st century," the White House says. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Among its key points: That $3.99 trillion in spending meets with projected revenues of $3.53 trillion, for a deficit of $474 billion, or 2.5% of GDP. The AP reports the plan doesn't zero out the deficit over the next decade, but the administration maintains that various actions on health care, immigration, and taxes would trim the deficits by about $1.8 trillion over that period, leaving the red ink at manageable levels. Indeed, the goal is a "sustainable" deficit below 3% of GDP, Politico reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Companies like General Electric and Microsoft would face a one-time 14% tax on what's thought to be $2.1 trillion in profits "piled up abroad," Reuters reports; firms would owe 19% on foreign profits in the future. Sequestration spending ceilings would end, USA Today reports, and domestic and military spending would climb by 7%, with infrastructure and education seeing benefits. Some $3 billion would go to science and math education. The bill would also cover two years' tuition for some community college students at a cost of $60 billion over 10 years. Also put forward: an up-to-$3,000 child care tax credit. The plan also puts forward $14 billion for upping cybersecurity, proposes paid-leave programs, and calls for $1 billion put toward a "fully democratic" Central America. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Though much of the plan will be distasteful to Republicans, Obama has included significant boosts for GOP priorities like defense, Politico reports, calling the bill an "opening bid in a long hostage negotiation. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis."
Injected Summary: President Obama has proposed a $3.99 trillion budget for 2016, which includes higher taxes on the wealthy and corporations, as well as increased spending on domestic and military programs. The plan aims to bring the deficit down to manageable levels over the next decade, with a focus on education, infrastructure, and cybersecurity.
Original Story: – Wednesday marked a big step forward for Steven Avery and his lawyer in their quest to prove the Manitowoc, Wisconsin, man's innocence in Teresa Halbach's 2005 murder. An agreement that allows for testing on a number of key pieces of evidence was on Wednesday signed by both sides. The Herald Times Reporter outlines the nine "critical items" that will be retested in the Making a Murderer case, and says they nearly all relate to Halbach's Toyota RAV4, which was found at Avery Salvage Yard six days after Halbach was last seen. (Among them: "Swab of bloodstain taken from the rear passenger’s door." "Swab of the RAV 4 ignition area where blood was found.") Esquire explains what Avery attorney Kathleen Zellner is hoping to achieve: One of the items covered by the new testing order is a vial of Avery's blood said to be from 1996. Zellner alleges blood from that vial was planted in Halbach's car, and in August said carbon testing "has the ability to tell us how old the blood is. If the blood is from 1996, it was planted."
Original Summary: Steven Avery and his lawyer have reached an agreement to retest key evidence in his case, including a swab of bloodstains from the rear passenger door of Teresa Halbach's car and a vial of Avery's blood from 1996. Avery's lawyer, Kathleen Zellner, believes that the blood from the vial was planted in Halbach's car and is hoping that carbon testing will reveal the true age of the blood, which could help prove Avery's innocence.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Wednesday marked a big step forward for Steven Avery and his lawyer in their quest to prove the Manitowoc, Wisconsin, man's innocence in Teresa Halbach's 2005 murder. An agreement that allows for testing on a number of key pieces of evidence was on Wednesday signed by both sides. The Herald Times Reporter outlines the nine "critical items" that will be retested in the Making a Murderer case, and says they nearly all relate to Halbach's Toyota RAV4, which was found at Avery Salvage Yard six days after Halbach was last seen. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. (Among them: "Swab of bloodstain taken from the rear passenger’s door." "Swab of the RAV 4 ignition area where blood was found.") Esquire explains what Avery attorney Kathleen Zellner is hoping to achieve: One of the items covered by the new testing order is a vial of Avery's blood said to be from 1996. Zellner alleges blood from that vial was planted in Halbach's car, and in August said carbon testing "has the ability to tell us how old the blood is. If the blood is from 1996, it was planted.". The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: Steven Avery and his lawyer have reached an agreement to retest key evidence in his case, including a swab of bloodstain taken from the rear passenger door of Teresa Halbach's car and a vial of Avery's blood said to be from 1996. Avery's lawyer, Kathleen Zellner, believes that the blood from the vial was planted in Halbach's car and is hoping that carbon testing will be able to determine the age of the blood, which could help prove Avery's innocence.
Original Story: – The first round of the Masters is in the books, with Australia's Marc Leishman and Spain's Sergio Garcia tied for the lead at 6-under, reports AP. But the big story line of Tiger Woods is very much alive—he's just four shots off the lead. Meanwhile, 14-year-old sensation Guan Tianlang of China became the youngest golf ever to compete at the Masters, and he didn't disappoint. He drained a long birdie putt on the 18th to finish 1-over—the best score of any amateur competing, reports SBNation. Guan is known for a superb short game, notes Bleacher Report, which has a profile.
Original Summary: Marc Leishman and Sergio Garcia are tied for the lead at 6-under after the first round of the Masters, with Tiger Woods four shots off the lead. Meanwhile, 14-year-old Chinese golfer Guan Tianlang made a long birdie putt on the 18th hole to finish 1-over, the best score among amateurs.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The first round of the Masters is in the books, with Australia's Marc Leishman and Spain's Sergio Garcia tied for the lead at 6-under, reports AP. But the big story line of Tiger Woods is very much alive—he's just four shots off the lead. Meanwhile, 14-year-old sensation Guan Tianlang of China became the youngest golf ever to compete at the Masters, and he didn't disappoint. He drained a long birdie putt on the 18th to finish 1-over—the best score of any amateur competing, reports SBNation. Guan is known for a superb short game, notes Bleacher Report, which has a profile. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.
Injected Summary: Marc Leishman and Sergio Garcia are tied for the lead at 6-under after the first round of the Masters, with Tiger Woods just four shots off the lead. Meanwhile, 14-year-old Chinese golfer Guan Tianlang made a long birdie putt on the 18th hole to finish 1-over, the best score among amateurs.
Original Story: – Rose McGowan lit into one of her former Charmed co-stars Friday for saying nice things about Harvey Weinstein's ex. "You make me want to vomit. You actually gave me a body flashback. Well done, fake one - People," McGowan tweeted to Alyssa Milano. "People" is a reference to an article in the magazine in which Milano speaks kindly of her friend, Georgina Chapman, who recently left Weinstein in the wake of the scandal. "Georgina is doing very well," Milano is quoted as saying. "She’s an amazing mother. She’s an amazing woman." But McGowan clearly thinks that Chapman knew of her husband's behavior all along, reports the Daily Beast. "Alyssa, maybe you and Georgina can call up Camille Cosby," McGowan added in another tweet. Meanwhile, US Weekly notes that McGowan, who accuses Weinstein of raping her, also went after none other than Meryl Streep. Referencing a comment Streep made to USA Today about Weinstein's behavior being "a gargantuan example of disrespect," McGowan tweeted, "No, Meryl, IT’S A (F------) CRIME. You are such a lie."
Original Summary: Rose McGowan lashed out at her former Charmed co-star Alyssa Milano for speaking kindly of Georgina Chapman, Harvey Weinstein's ex-wife, accusing her of knowing about Weinstein's behavior all along. McGowan also targeted Meryl Streep, calling her comment on Weinstein's behavior a "lie."
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Rose McGowan lit into one of her former Charmed co-stars Friday for saying nice things about Harvey Weinstein's ex. "You make me want to vomit. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. You actually gave me a body flashback. Well done, fake one - People," McGowan tweeted to Alyssa Milano. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "People" is a reference to an article in the magazine in which Milano speaks kindly of her friend, Georgina Chapman, who recently left Weinstein in the wake of the scandal. "Georgina is doing very well," Milano is quoted as saying. "She’s an amazing mother. She’s an amazing woman." But McGowan clearly thinks that Chapman knew of her husband's behavior all along, reports the Daily Beast. "Alyssa, maybe you and Georgina can call up Camille Cosby," McGowan added in another tweet. Meanwhile, US Weekly notes that McGowan, who accuses Weinstein of raping her, also went after none other than Meryl Streep. Referencing a comment Streep made to USA Today about Weinstein's behavior being "a gargantuan example of disrespect," McGowan tweeted, "No, Meryl, IT’S A (F------) CRIME. You are such a lie."
Injected Summary: Rose McGowan criticized her former Charmed co-star Alyssa Milano for speaking kindly of Georgina Chapman, Harvey Weinstein's ex-wife, accusing her of knowing about his behavior all along. McGowan also targeted Meryl Streep, calling her comment on Weinstein's behavior a "lie."
Original Story: – Not everyone is thrilled with Cee Lo Green's lyric change on New Year's Eve, MSNBC reports. When singing John Lennon's "Imagine" at New York's Times Square celebration, he changed "Nothing to kill or die for, and no religion too" to "Nothing to kill or die for, and all religion's true." Green tweeted his explanation, the Huffington Post reports: "Yo I meant no disrespect. ... I was trying to say a world were u could believe what u wanted that's all." (The tweet has been removed from his feed.) Comic Colin Quinn tweeted about the lyric change, saying Green "'cleaned it up a little.' I did the same thing when I changed NWA to 'N-word' WA." Other Twitter users criticized Green's version as poorly sung or cringed at the irony of his wearing jewels and a full-length fur coat while singing "imagine no possessions." Among Green's defenders: one tweeter who posted that "nothing could be sillier than defending the sanctity of a pop song—especially one as dull and schmaltzy as 'Imagine.'"
Original Summary: CeeLo Green faced backlash for changing the lyrics of John Lennon's "Imagine" during a New Year's Eve performance in Times Square, replacing "nothing to kill or die for, and no religion too" with "nothing to kill or die for, and all religions true." Green later explained on Twitter that he was trying to promote unity and respect for different beliefs, but the tweet was removed.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Not everyone is thrilled with Cee Lo Green's lyric change on New Year's Eve, MSNBC reports. When singing John Lennon's "Imagine" at New York's Times Square celebration, he changed "Nothing to kill or die for, and no religion too" to "Nothing to kill or die for, and all religion's true." Green tweeted his explanation, the Huffington Post reports: "Yo I meant no disrespect. . I was trying to say a world were u could believe what u wanted that's all." (The tweet has been removed from his feed. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.) Comic Colin Quinn tweeted about the lyric change, saying Green "'cleaned it up a little. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.' I did the same thing when I changed NWA to 'N-word' WA." Other Twitter users criticized Green's version as poorly sung or cringed at the irony of his wearing jewels and a full-length fur coat while singing "imagine no possessions." Among Green's defenders: one tweeter who posted that "nothing could be sillier than defending the sanctity of a pop song—especially one as dull and schmaltzy as 'Imagine.'"
Injected Summary: CeeLo Green faced backlash for altering the lyrics of John Lennon's "Imagine" during a New Year's Eve performance in Times Square, changing "nothing to kill or die for" to "all religions true." Green explained on Twitter that he was trying to promote a world where people could believe what they wanted, but the tweet was later removed.
Original Story: – In the wake of Philip Seymour Hoffman's death, site after site has been rounding up clips of his best work. Unfortunately, his greatest performance is one you'll likely never see, Jason Lynch writes for Quartz. Lynch, the former TV editor for People, was one of the lucky reporters who got a sneak peak of Happyish last month. That's the Showtime series that was to show Hoffman as a somewhat miserable NYC creative director with a much-younger ad-agency boss. "The footage promised yet another classic Hoffman performance," writes Lynch, "with a profane rant against social media and an uproarious hallucination involving a Keebler Elf." Having seen just a glimpse, Lynch pegged the performance —"arguably his finest work yet"—as one sure to bring Hoffman Emmys and Golden Globes. But he predicts that it's an artistic turn that will die with Hoffman. Only one of the 10 episodes were shot, leaving Showtime two options: Air just the pilot, or move on. And in terms of moving on, Lynch sees it as somewhat unlikely that Showtime would find a replacement for Hoffman, especially after a Showtime exec previously admitted that it waited patiently for a long time to get Hoffman to sign on. Lynch notes that Hoffman will likely close out the last two Hunger Games films as head gamesmaker Plutarch Heavensbee, however. He had done all the shooting for Mockingjay Part 1 and all but seven days for Part 2. Sources tell the Hollywood Reporter the November 2014 and 2015 release dates won't be altered.
Original Summary: Philip Seymour Hoffman's greatest performance, which was to be in the Showtime series "Happyish," may never be seen as the show only filmed one of its 10 episodes before his death. Despite the loss of its star, Showtime may choose to air the pilot episode or move on from the show altogether, as it is unlikely to find a replacement for Hoffman.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– In the wake of Philip Seymour Hoffman's death, site after site has been rounding up clips of his best work. Unfortunately, his greatest performance is one you'll likely never see, Jason Lynch writes for Quartz. Lynch, the former TV editor for People, was one of the lucky reporters who got a sneak peak of Happyish last month. That's the Showtime series that was to show Hoffman as a somewhat miserable NYC creative director with a much-younger ad-agency boss. "The footage promised yet another classic Hoffman performance," writes Lynch, "with a profane rant against social media and an uproarious hallucination involving a Keebler Elf." Having seen just a glimpse, Lynch pegged the performance —"arguably his finest work yet"—as one sure to bring Hoffman Emmys and Golden Globes. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. But he predicts that it's an artistic turn that will die with Hoffman. Only one of the 10 episodes were shot, leaving Showtime two options: Air just the pilot, or move on. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. And in terms of moving on, Lynch sees it as somewhat unlikely that Showtime would find a replacement for Hoffman, especially after a Showtime exec previously admitted that it waited patiently for a long time to get Hoffman to sign on. Lynch notes that Hoffman will likely close out the last two Hunger Games films as head gamesmaker Plutarch Heavensbee, however. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. He had done all the shooting for Mockingjay Part 1 and all but seven days for Part 2. Sources tell the Hollywood Reporter the November 2014 and 2015 release dates won't be altered. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Philip Seymour Hoffman's death has led to a surge of interest in his best work, including a never-seen-before performance in the Showtime series "Happyish." Despite the show only shooting one of its 10 episodes, the footage seen by one reporter suggests that it was "arguably his finest work yet," with a standout performance that is likely to earn him Emmys and Golden Globes.
Original Story: – The co-founders of Vice Media have apologized for allowing a "boys' club" culture of sexual harassment to flourish at the company. Shane Smith and Suroosh Alvi spoke out after a New York Times report found that the company had reached settlements including at least four harassment or defamation cases, including one involving Vice's current president. More than two dozen women contacted the Times to describe sexual misconduct amid a culture of "male entitlement" at the company, which grew from a small magazine in Montreal into a global media empire. The Times noted that despite the young age of the company and many of its managers, old-school sexual harassment and misogyny was allowed to take root. "Cultural elements from our past, dysfunction and mismanagement were allowed to flourish unchecked," Smith and Alvi said, per the BBC. "That includes a detrimental 'boy's club' culture that fostered inappropriate behavior" throughout the firm. The company, which had required employees to sign an agreement saying they wouldn't be offended by the "workplace environment," says it has taken steps including hiring a new HR director and creating an advisory board that includes feminist Gloria Steinem. The Guardian reports that after the Times story, more former Vice employees shared stories, including Billie JD Porter, who tweeted that after Vice hired her as an "incredibly vulnerable" 16-year-old, they gave her business cards with the title "Lolita Life Ruiner."
Original Summary: The co-founders of Vice Media have apologized for creating a "boys club" culture of sexual harassment at the company, which allowed old-school sexual harassment and misogyny to flourish unchecked. The company has taken steps to address the issue, including hiring a new HR director and creating an advisory board that includes feminist Gloria Steinem, after more than two dozen women came forward with allegations of sexual misconduct.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The co-founders of Vice Media have apologized for allowing a "boys' club" culture of sexual harassment to flourish at the company. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Shane Smith and Suroosh Alvi spoke out after a New York Times report found that the company had reached settlements including at least four harassment or defamation cases, including one involving Vice's current president. More than two dozen women contacted the Times to describe sexual misconduct amid a culture of "male entitlement" at the company, which grew from a small magazine in Montreal into a global media empire. The Times noted that despite the young age of the company and many of its managers, old-school sexual harassment and misogyny was allowed to take root. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "Cultural elements from our past, dysfunction and mismanagement were allowed to flourish unchecked," Smith and Alvi said, per the BBC. "That includes a detrimental 'boy's club' culture that fostered inappropriate behavior" throughout the firm. The company, which had required employees to sign an agreement saying they wouldn't be offended by the "workplace environment," says it has taken steps including hiring a new HR director and creating an advisory board that includes feminist Gloria Steinem. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. The Guardian reports that after the Times story, more former Vice employees shared stories, including Billie JD Porter, who tweeted that after Vice hired her as an "incredibly vulnerable" 16-year-old, they gave her business cards with the title "Lolita Life Ruiner."
Injected Summary: The co-founders of Vice Media have apologized for allowing a "boys club" culture of sexual harassment to flourish at the company, which included at least four settlements involving sexual misconduct and more than two dozen women who described sexual misconduct in a culture of "male entitlement." The company has taken steps to address the issue, including hiring a new HR director and creating an advisory board that includes feminist Gloria Steinem, after a New York Times report exposed the problem.
Original Story: – What do you call a "supertide" that comes every 18 years? Why, the "tide of the century," of course—and it dazzled thousands yesterday in northern France and south-western England, the Telegraph reports. In fact, it momentarily cut off scenic Mont Saint-Michel island from the coast of Normandy, drowning its causeway in water four stories high. And some 20,000 visitors were on-hand to see it, surfing or leaning against a sea-wall and getting drenched by powerful waves. (Not entirely outdone, the River Thames in London did manage to overflow, the Independent reports.) The mega-tide is caused by the "supermoon" effect associated with Friday's solar eclipse, and the alignment of the Earth, sun, and moon that followed. Officials knew it would be dangerous, and said sandbags and concrete blocks would keep people safe. But tragedy struck when two men drowned, apparently engulfed by rising waters near Ile Grande and Rocher de Saint-Nicolas, Latino Fox News reports. As for Mont Saint-Michel, the rocky isle and UNESCO World Heritage Site has long been of strategic value in France, where troops defended it against the British during the Hundred Years' War and saw assailants stranded by incoming tides, Science Recorder reports. Louis XI later turned it into a prison, and a permanent causeway was built in 1879 to keep rising waters from scouring the island's silt. These days, the medieval walled town and its historic abbey are hotspots for tourists.
Original Summary: A "tide of the century" occurred in northern France and southwestern England, drowning a scenic island's causeway in water four stories high and attracting 20,000 visitors. Despite warnings, two men drowned near the island, and the event was caused by the "supermoon" effect and alignment of the Earth, sun, and moon.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– What do you call a "supertide" that comes every 18 years? Why, the "tide of the century," of course—and it dazzled thousands yesterday in northern France and south-western England, the Telegraph reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. In fact, it momentarily cut off scenic Mont Saint-Michel island from the coast of Normandy, drowning its causeway in water four stories high. And some 20,000 visitors were on-hand to see it, surfing or leaning against a sea-wall and getting drenched by powerful waves. (Not entirely outdone, the River Thames in London did manage to overflow, the Independent reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.) The mega-tide is caused by the "supermoon" effect associated with Friday's solar eclipse, and the alignment of the Earth, sun, and moon that followed. Officials knew it would be dangerous, and said sandbags and concrete blocks would keep people safe. But tragedy struck when two men drowned, apparently engulfed by rising waters near Ile Grande and Rocher de Saint-Nicolas, Latino Fox News reports. As for Mont Saint-Michel, the rocky isle and UNESCO World Heritage Site has long been of strategic value in France, where troops defended it against the British during the Hundred Years' War and saw assailants stranded by incoming tides, Science Recorder reports. Louis XI later turned it into a prison, and a permanent causeway was built in 1879 to keep rising waters from scouring the island's silt. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. These days, the medieval walled town and its historic abbey are hotspots for tourists. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: A "supertide" or "tide of the century" occurred every 18 years, which dazzled thousands in northern France and south-western England. The event was caused by the "supermoon" effect and alignment of the Earth, sun, and moon, resulting in powerful waves that overflowed coastal areas, including Mont Saint-Michel, where two men drowned.
Original Story: – It looks like the beginning of the end for Angela Merkel's long tenure as Germany's chancellor. After her ruling party under-performed in state elections, Merkel told leaders of her Christian Democratic Union that this would be her final parliamentary term as chancellor, reports the AP. The current term ends in late 2021, and it's uncertain whether Merkel will be able to remain even that long. Earlier reports said Merkel informed CDU leaders that she would quickly step down as party leader but remain as chancellor, a post she has held since 2005. She has been CDU leader since 2000. The Wall Street Journal sees even that move as a "watershed moment" for Merkel, and not in a good way. It's not unprecedented for a German chancellor not to be leader of the ruling party—in fact that situation briefly applied to Merkel's predecessor, Gerhard Schroeder, reports the AP. Schroeder lasted only a year, however, and Merkel has long insisted that the positions be jointly held. Here is how the Washington Post puts it: "While her departure would not automatically result in her stepping down as German chancellor, the move is an acknowledgment of her increasingly volatile position." On a similar note, the Guardian expects a race to begin immediately within the CDU for the next chancellor.
Original Summary: Angela Merkel has announced that this will be her final term as German Chancellor, after her ruling party underperformed in state elections. Merkel has been Chancellor since 2005 and CDU leader since 2000, and her departure could lead to a race within the party for the next Chancellor.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– It looks like the beginning of the end for Angela Merkel's long tenure as Germany's chancellor. After her ruling party under-performed in state elections, Merkel told leaders of her Christian Democratic Union that this would be her final parliamentary term as chancellor, reports the AP. The current term ends in late 2021, and it's uncertain whether Merkel will be able to remain even that long. Earlier reports said Merkel informed CDU leaders that she would quickly step down as party leader but remain as chancellor, a post she has held since 2005. She has been CDU leader since 2000. The Wall Street Journal sees even that move as a "watershed moment" for Merkel, and not in a good way. It's not unprecedented for a German chancellor not to be leader of the ruling party—in fact that situation briefly applied to Merkel's predecessor, Gerhard Schroeder, reports the AP. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Schroeder lasted only a year, however, and Merkel has long insisted that the positions be jointly held. Here is how the Washington Post puts it: "While her departure would not automatically result in her stepping down as German chancellor, the move is an acknowledgment of her increasingly volatile position." On a similar note, the Guardian expects a race to begin immediately within the CDU for the next chancellor. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: Angela Merkel has announced that this will be her final term as German Chancellor, after her ruling party underperformed in state elections. Merkel has been Chancellor since 2005 and CDU leader since 2000, and her departure could lead to a race within the party for the next Chancellor.
Original Story: – The pressure on India to make progress in the investigation of the gang-rape and hanging of two teenage cousins seems to be working. Police say they will exhume the bodies of the girls, ages 14 and 15, to conduct a more thorough autopsy, reports the BBC. It's a sea change from the initial reaction, when the father of one of the lower-caste girls said police ridiculed him when he sought help trying to find them in late May. The federal Central Bureau of Investigation is now handling the investigation. A 20-year-old brother of one of the victims has been staging a protest in New Delhi over the last few days to demand a better investigation, and he doesn't sound as if he's about to let up because of the fresh autopsy, reports Sky News. "Why wasn't it done right the first time?" he asked. Five men have been arrested in connection with the deaths.
Original Summary: The investigation into the gang-rape and hanging of two teenage cousins in India is gaining momentum, with police planning to exhume the bodies of the girls for a more thorough autopsy. The father of one of the victims had initially been ridiculed by police when he sought help finding his daughter, but the federal Central Bureau of Investigation is now handling the investigation, and a 20-year-old brother of one of the victims has been protesting in New Delhi to demand a better investigation.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The pressure on India to make progress in the investigation of the gang-rape and hanging of two teenage cousins seems to be working. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Police say they will exhume the bodies of the girls, ages 14 and 15, to conduct a more thorough autopsy, reports the BBC. It's a sea change from the initial reaction, when the father of one of the lower-caste girls said police ridiculed him when he sought help trying to find them in late May. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The federal Central Bureau of Investigation is now handling the investigation. A 20-year-old brother of one of the victims has been staging a protest in New Delhi over the last few days to demand a better investigation, and he doesn't sound as if he's about to let up because of the fresh autopsy, reports Sky News. "Why wasn't it done right the first time?" he asked. Five men have been arrested in connection with the deaths.
Injected Summary: The investigation into the gang-rape and hanging of two teenage cousins in India is gaining momentum, with the federal Central Bureau of Investigation taking over the case and a more thorough autopsy being conducted on the bodies of the girls. The father of one of the victims has been protesting for a better investigation, and the brother of one of the victims is demanding answers after five men were arrested in connection with the deaths.
Original Story: – Lincoln was the big winner when Golden Globes nominees were announced this morning; the Steven Spielberg biopic received seven nominations including best motion picture drama, best director, and acting nods for Daniel Day-Lewis, Tommy Lee Jones, and Sally Field. The other best picture nominees were Argo, Django Unchained, Life of Pi, and Zero Dark Thirty for drama; The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, Les Miserables, Moonrise Kingdom, Salmon Fishing in the Yemen, and Silver Linings Playbook for comedy or musical. With five nominations each, Ben Affleck's Argo and Quentin Tarantino's Django Unchained tied for second place, the AP reports. Both received best director nods in addition to their best picture nominations. On the TV side, the nominees for best drama series were Breaking Bad, Boardwalk Empire, Downton Abbey, Homeland, and The Newsroom. Comedy nods went to The Big Bang Theory, Episodes, Girls, Modern Family, and Smash. The Jan. 13 awards telecast will be hosted by Tina Fey and Amy Poehler. Click for all the nominees.
Original Summary: Lincoln led the Golden Globes nominations with seven nods, including Best Motion Picture - Drama, Best Director, and acting nominations for Daniel Day-Lewis, Tommy Lee Jones, and Sally Field. The other best picture nominees in the drama category were Argo, Django Unchained, Life of Pi, and Zero Dark Thirty, while the best comedy or musical nominees were The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, Les Miserables, Moonrise Kingdom, Salmon Fishing in the Yemen, and Silver Linings Playbook.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Lincoln was the big winner when Golden Globes nominees were announced this morning; the Steven Spielberg biopic received seven nominations including best motion picture drama, best director, and acting nods for Daniel Day-Lewis, Tommy Lee Jones, and Sally Field. The other best picture nominees were Argo, Django Unchained, Life of Pi, and Zero Dark Thirty for drama; The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, Les Miserables, Moonrise Kingdom, Salmon Fishing in the Yemen, and Silver Linings Playbook for comedy or musical. With five nominations each, Ben Affleck's Argo and Quentin Tarantino's Django Unchained tied for second place, the AP reports. Both received best director nods in addition to their best picture nominations. On the TV side, the nominees for best drama series were Breaking Bad, Boardwalk Empire, Downton Abbey, Homeland, and The Newsroom. Comedy nods went to The Big Bang Theory, Episodes, Girls, Modern Family, and Smash. The Jan. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. 13 awards telecast will be hosted by Tina Fey and Amy Poehler. Click for all the nominees. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: Lincoln led the Golden Globes nominations with seven nods, including Best Motion Picture - Drama, Best Director, and acting nominations for Daniel Day-Lewis, Tommy Lee Jones, and Sally Field. The other best picture nominees in the drama category were Argo, Django Unchained, Life of Pi, and Zero Dark Thirty, while the best comedy or musical nominees were The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, Les Miserables, Moonrise Kingdom, Salmon Fishing in the Yemen, and Silver Linings Playbook.
Original Story: – The jury in Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial is deadlocked, the AP reports. After 30 hours of deliberation over four days, jurors told Judge Steven O'Neill they could not reach a unanimous verdict on any of the three counts of aggravated indecent assault. O'Neill instructed them to keep trying and sent them back to the jury room, where they have been working late into the night while sequestered. Reuters reports they worked 12-hour days Tuesday and Wednesday since getting the case late Monday. Upon hearing the jury's note to the judge, Cosby's lawyers requested a mistrial, but O'Neill said that request was premature. Jurors have requested to revisit key evidence multiple times, which at times has seemed to "vex" O'Neill, per the AP (one batch of testimony jurors wanted to review had not been transcribed yet, for example), but on Wednesday he praised the jury for having "taken your task so seriously." The jurors, too, have seemed "angry and frustrated" at times over the course of deliberations, per the AP. According to BuzzFeed, Cosby "grinned" as the judge read the jury's note and announced jurors were deadlocked. At least one of Cosby's other accusers cried after the note was read.
Original Summary: The jury in Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial has been deliberating for 30 hours over four days but has been unable to reach a unanimous verdict on any of the three counts of aggravated indecent assault. Despite the jury's request to revisit key evidence, Judge Steven ONeill has refused to grant a mistrial and has instructed the jury to continue deliberating.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The jury in Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial is deadlocked, the AP reports. After 30 hours of deliberation over four days, jurors told Judge Steven O'Neill they could not reach a unanimous verdict on any of the three counts of aggravated indecent assault. O'Neill instructed them to keep trying and sent them back to the jury room, where they have been working late into the night while sequestered. Reuters reports they worked 12-hour days Tuesday and Wednesday since getting the case late Monday. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Upon hearing the jury's note to the judge, Cosby's lawyers requested a mistrial, but O'Neill said that request was premature. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Jurors have requested to revisit key evidence multiple times, which at times has seemed to "vex" O'Neill, per the AP (one batch of testimony jurors wanted to review had not been transcribed yet, for example), but on Wednesday he praised the jury for having "taken your task so seriously." The jurors, too, have seemed "angry and frustrated" at times over the course of deliberations, per the AP. According to BuzzFeed, Cosby "grinned" as the judge read the jury's note and announced jurors were deadlocked. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. At least one of Cosby's other accusers cried after the note was read.
Injected Summary: The jury in Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial has been deadlocked after 30 hours of deliberation over four days, with no unanimous verdict reached on any of the three counts of aggravated indecent assault. Despite the deadlock, Judge Steven ONeill instructed the jurors to continue deliberating and praised them for taking their task seriously, while Cosby's lawyers requested a mistrial.
Original Story: – A group of UN and chemical weapons watchdog members came under attack in Syria, according to reports—but stories conflict regarding what happened next, France 24 notes. Syria's foreign ministry said 11 people were kidnapped, six of them UN fact-finders. Officials said opposition fighters were behind the attack, the AP reports. But minutes after that report emerged, the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons had a different story. Following the attack on "OPCW inspectors and United Nations staff … All team members are safe and well and are traveling back to the operating base," the watchdog said in a statement. The team has been looking into what the OPCW's director-general calls "persistent allegations of chlorine gas attacks" in Syria. The government had agreed to a temporary ceasefire today in one town to allow the investigation to take place, the foreign ministry said. Four vehicles headed to the town of Kfar Zeita, but one was hit by a roadside bomb, the government said. Only one actually arrived in the town, a fact which may have prompted the kidnapping allegations, the AP notes.
Original Summary: A group of UN and chemical weapons watchdog members were attacked in Syria, with conflicting reports on what happened next. According to the OPCW, all team members are safe and well and are returning to their base after an attack on them, while the Syrian government claimed that 11 people were kidnapped, including six UN fact-finders, with opposition fighters being blamed for the attack.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A group of UN and chemical weapons watchdog members came under attack in Syria, according to reports—but stories conflict regarding what happened next, France 24 notes. Syria's foreign ministry said 11 people were kidnapped, six of them UN fact-finders. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Officials said opposition fighters were behind the attack, the AP reports. But minutes after that report emerged, the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons had a different story. Following the attack on "OPCW inspectors and United Nations staff … All team members are safe and well and are traveling back to the operating base," the watchdog said in a statement. The team has been looking into what the OPCW's director-general calls "persistent allegations of chlorine gas attacks" in Syria. The government had agreed to a temporary ceasefire today in one town to allow the investigation to take place, the foreign ministry said. Four vehicles headed to the town of Kfar Zeita, but one was hit by a roadside bomb, the government said. Only one actually arrived in the town, a fact which may have prompted the kidnapping allegations, the AP notes. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: A group of UN and chemical weapons inspectors came under attack in Syria, with conflicting reports on what happened next. The Syrian foreign ministry claimed that 11 people, including six UN fact-finders, were kidnapped, while the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) later stated that all team members were safe and well and returning to their base after an attack on their inspectors and UN staff.
Original Story: – The USA women's basketball team won Olympic gold for a historically impressive sixth time in a row Saturday, defeating Spain 101-72 in Rio, USA Today reports. The team has now won 49 games in a row. And only once has an opponent come within 10 points of Team USA during that streak. The Americans posted an average margin of victory of 38.5 points in Rio and "simply had no peers in these Olympics." The AP states Team USA played "nearly flawless" basketball. Diana Taurasi and Lindsay Whalen led the way against Spain with 17 points each. A 16-3 Team USA run in the second quarter effectively ended any hope Spain had for the upset. It's the fourth gold medal for Taurasi, Sue Bird, and Tamika Catchings.
Original Summary: The USA Women's Basketball team won their sixth consecutive Olympic gold medal, defeating Spain 101-72 in Rio. The team has now won 49 games in a row and has only been defeated by an opponent once during this streak, with an average margin of victory of 38.5 points in Rio.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The USA women's basketball team won Olympic gold for a historically impressive sixth time in a row Saturday, defeating Spain 101-72 in Rio, USA Today reports. The team has now won 49 games in a row. And only once has an opponent come within 10 points of Team USA during that streak. The Americans posted an average margin of victory of 38. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.5 points in Rio and "simply had no peers in these Olympics." The AP states Team USA played "nearly flawless" basketball. Diana Taurasi and Lindsay Whalen led the way against Spain with 17 points each. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. A 16-3 Team USA run in the second quarter effectively ended any hope Spain had for the upset. It's the fourth gold medal for Taurasi, Sue Bird, and Tamika Catchings.
Injected Summary: The USA Women's Basketball Team won their sixth consecutive Olympic gold medal, defeating Spain 101-72 in Rio. The team has now won 49 games in a row and has only been defeated by an opponent once during that streak, with an average margin of victory of 38 points.
Original Story: – White House strategist Steve Bannon granted the New York Times an interview this week, and the main topic appears to have been how much he hates the New York Times and the rest of the news media. "The media should be embarrassed and humiliated and keep its mouth shut and just listen for a while," the former Breitbart chair said. "I want you to quote this. The media here is the opposition party. They don't understand this country. They still do not understand why Donald Trump is the president of the United States." He said the media had gotten the election "dead wrong," making it a "humiliating defeat that they will never wash away, that will always be there." Bannon—who jokingly referred to himself as Darth Vader—described unspecified editors and reporters as "outright activists of the Clinton campaign," telling the Times: "That's why you have no power. You were humiliated." He staunchly defended new White House press secretary Sean Spicer, saying it was a "badge of honor" to have the media question his integrity. "The media has zero integrity, zero intelligence, and no hard work," Bannon said. At CNN, Jake Tapper's response to Bannon's request to shut up was a simple "No," while the ACLU tweeted that it will see the Trump administration in court if it tries to shut the media up. Erik Wemple at the Washington Post wrote that since Bannon "helmed a campaign heavy on deceit, division, and cynicism, we don't want any praise from his likes."
Original Summary: Steve Bannon, former White House strategist, criticized the media in an interview with the New York Times, calling them the "opposition party" and accusing them of lacking understanding of why Donald Trump is president. Bannon also defended new White House press secretary Sean Spicer, saying it's a "badge of honor" to have the media question his integrity, while CNN's Jake Tapper and the ACLU responded with a simple "no" and a statement that they will see the Trump administration in court if they try to silence the media.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– White House strategist Steve Bannon granted the New York Times an interview this week, and the main topic appears to have been how much he hates the New York Times and the rest of the news media. "The media should be embarrassed and humiliated and keep its mouth shut and just listen for a while," the former Breitbart chair said. "I want you to quote this. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The media here is the opposition party. They don't understand this country. They still do not understand why Donald Trump is the president of the United States. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." He said the media had gotten the election "dead wrong," making it a "humiliating defeat that they will never wash away, that will always be there." Bannon—who jokingly referred to himself as Darth Vader—described unspecified editors and reporters as "outright activists of the Clinton campaign," telling the Times: "That's why you have no power. You were humiliated." He staunchly defended new White House press secretary Sean Spicer, saying it was a "badge of honor" to have the media question his integrity. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "The media has zero integrity, zero intelligence, and no hard work," Bannon said. At CNN, Jake Tapper's response to Bannon's request to shut up was a simple "No," while the ACLU tweeted that it will see the Trump administration in court if it tries to shut the media up. Erik Wemple at the Washington Post wrote that since Bannon "helmed a campaign heavy on deceit, division, and cynicism, we don't want any praise from his likes. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis."
Injected Summary: Steve Bannon, former White House strategist, criticized the media in an interview with the New York Times, calling them the "opposition party" and accusing them of lacking integrity and intelligence. He also defended new White House press secretary Sean Spicer, saying it was a "badge of honor" to have the media question his integrity.
Original Story: – A former SS guard is on trial for allegedly serving as an accessory to hundreds of mass killings at a Nazi concentration camp, the AP reports. Johann Rehbogen, 94, isn't accused of a specific crime, but he served at Stutthof concentration camp in what is now Poland. More than 60,000 Jews and other Holocaust victims were killed there—by gas chamber, lethal injection, exposure, starvation, or simply being shot. Rehbogen, who was at the camp from 1942 to 1944, denies knowing about the killings. But others say he had to know: "Anyone who heard the screams from outside the gas chamber would have known that people were fighting for their lives," says prosecutor Andreas Brendel. As he was under 21 at the time, Rehbogen is being tried in juvenile court in Germany and faces a possible 15-year sentence—which he likely wouldn't serve if found guilty due to his age, per the BBC. He's only appearing in court for two hours at a time but seems alert when asked questions by the judge. For the grandson of one survivor, seeing Germany continue to prosecute Holocaust perpetrators is empowering: "Her being able to witness even some of this process, even from afar, is a sense of closure," says Ben Cohen of his grandmother, Judy Meisel. "To have Germany listening to her is very powerful for her." (A "hero" who foiled the Nazi's nuclear dreams is dead.)
Original Summary: A 94-year-old former SS guard, Johann Rehbogen, is on trial in Germany for serving as an accessory to hundreds of mass killings at a Nazi concentration camp. Rehbogen denies knowing about the killings, but prosecutors argue that he must have been aware of the screams from the gas chambers.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A former SS guard is on trial for allegedly serving as an accessory to hundreds of mass killings at a Nazi concentration camp, the AP reports. Johann Rehbogen, 94, isn't accused of a specific crime, but he served at Stutthof concentration camp in what is now Poland. More than 60,000 Jews and other Holocaust victims were killed there—by gas chamber, lethal injection, exposure, starvation, or simply being shot. Rehbogen, who was at the camp from 1942 to 1944, denies knowing about the killings. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. But others say he had to know: "Anyone who heard the screams from outside the gas chamber would have known that people were fighting for their lives," says prosecutor Andreas Brendel. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. As he was under 21 at the time, Rehbogen is being tried in juvenile court in Germany and faces a possible 15-year sentence—which he likely wouldn't serve if found guilty due to his age, per the BBC. He's only appearing in court for two hours at a time but seems alert when asked questions by the judge. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. For the grandson of one survivor, seeing Germany continue to prosecute Holocaust perpetrators is empowering: "Her being able to witness even some of this process, even from afar, is a sense of closure," says Ben Cohen of his grandmother, Judy Meisel. "To have Germany listening to her is very powerful for her." (A "hero" who foiled the Nazi's nuclear dreams is dead.)
Injected Summary: A 94-year-old former SS guard, Johann Rehbogen, is on trial in Germany for serving as an accessory to hundreds of mass killings at a Nazi concentration camp. Rehbogen denies knowing about the killings, but prosecutors argue that he must have heard the screams of victims being gassed and killed.
Original Story: – As "catastrophic" flooding batters Texas in the wake of Hurricane Harvey, President Trump says he will be traveling to Texas "as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption" in the wake of Hurricane Harvey, reports the AP. Trump tweeted that the "focus must be life and safety." Trump has been complimenting the response to the storm on his Twitter feed, commending "Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government." Trump adds that: "Many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen. Good news is that we have great talent on the ground." As much as 40 inches of rain could hit cities including Houston. Other developments: The National Weather Service is advising residents to not leave their homes, but if the highest floor becomes dangerous, to get on the roof and call 911, reports CBS News. More than 1,000 people have been rescued so far, reports CNN. "We could not be more appreciative of what the federal government has done, from the president on down," Texas Gov. Greg Abbott tells ABC News of the response. "FEMA has been very active, involved, and engaged in this whole process long before the hurricane even hit ground. Because of their assistance it means that Texas will be able to begin the rebuilding process very swiftly." "Houston is an area that is prone to flood at least once a year, but this is one of the worst, if not the worst that Houston has suffered," Abbott says.
Original Summary: President Trump has announced that he will travel to Texas "as soon as possible" to assess the damage caused by Hurricane Harvey, while emphasizing the focus must be on life and safety. The National Weather Service has advised residents to stay indoors and avoid leaving their homes, with over 1,000 people being rescued so far, and up to 40 inches of rain expected to hit cities including Houston.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– As "catastrophic" flooding batters Texas in the wake of Hurricane Harvey, President Trump says he will be traveling to Texas "as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption" in the wake of Hurricane Harvey, reports the AP. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Trump tweeted that the "focus must be life and safety. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." Trump has been complimenting the response to the storm on his Twitter feed, commending "Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government." Trump adds that: "Many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen. Good news is that we have great talent on the ground. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." As much as 40 inches of rain could hit cities including Houston. Other developments: The National Weather Service is advising residents to not leave their homes, but if the highest floor becomes dangerous, to get on the roof and call 911, reports CBS News. More than 1,000 people have been rescued so far, reports CNN. "We could not be more appreciative of what the federal government has done, from the president on down," Texas Gov. Greg Abbott tells ABC News of the response. "FEMA has been very active, involved, and engaged in this whole process long before the hurricane even hit ground. Because of their assistance it means that Texas will be able to begin the rebuilding process very swiftly." "Houston is an area that is prone to flood at least once a year, but this is one of the worst, if not the worst that Houston has suffered," Abbott says. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: President Trump has announced that he will travel to Texas "as soon as possible" to assess the damage caused by Hurricane Harvey, while also commending the response efforts of various agencies. Meanwhile, the National Weather Service has advised residents to stay indoors and avoid flooded areas, with over 1,000 people already rescued, and the potential for up to 40 inches of rain in some areas.
Original Story: – Israeli police investigators descended on Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's home Monday to continue a corruption probe, and while officials are being tight-lipped on what was discussed, a police spokesman revealed that questioning revolved around Netanyahu being "under caution on the suspicions of receiving benefits," CNN reports. The Jerusalem Post reports that Netanyahu was grilled for more than three hours at his Jerusalem residence, which had a black barrier erected at the gates to keep media from peeking in, and that further Q&A sessions are anticipated. Meanwhile, before the cops showed up at his door, Netanyahu asserted his innocence, warning his political enemies and the media to "hold off partying" and proclaiming that "nothing will happen, because there is nothing," per the BBC, which details other allegations against Netanyahu over the years. Israeli AG Avichai Mandelblit said later that Netanyahu, accused of accepting "improper gifts" from two businessmen, is now subject to a full criminal investigation into supposed ethics transgressions. Mandelblit says a new inquiry involving Netanyahu began in July, with this specific accusation being lobbed three months ago. The AG adds four allegations first broached over the summer, including those swirling around illegal 2009 election activity, have been dismissed. The Post notes rumors of a second "more serious" case against the PM that may involve attempted bribery. Israel's opposition pols are currently responding in a "fairly subdued" manner, the New York Times reports, with Zionist Union leader Isaac Herzog noting it's "a tough day for Israel" and "we are not expressing satisfaction at another's misfortune." (Netanyahu has been busily attacking John Kerry.)
Original Summary: Israeli police questioned Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at his residence for over three hours regarding suspicions of receiving benefits, with further Q&A sessions anticipated. Netanyahu has denied the allegations, claiming innocence and accusing his political enemies and the media of "partying" prematurely, despite being subject to a full criminal investigation into ethics transgressions.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Israeli police investigators descended on Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's home Monday to continue a corruption probe, and while officials are being tight-lipped on what was discussed, a police spokesman revealed that questioning revolved around Netanyahu being "under caution on the suspicions of receiving benefits," CNN reports. The Jerusalem Post reports that Netanyahu was grilled for more than three hours at his Jerusalem residence, which had a black barrier erected at the gates to keep media from peeking in, and that further Q&A sessions are anticipated. Meanwhile, before the cops showed up at his door, Netanyahu asserted his innocence, warning his political enemies and the media to "hold off partying" and proclaiming that "nothing will happen, because there is nothing," per the BBC, which details other allegations against Netanyahu over the years. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Israeli AG Avichai Mandelblit said later that Netanyahu, accused of accepting "improper gifts" from two businessmen, is now subject to a full criminal investigation into supposed ethics transgressions. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Mandelblit says a new inquiry involving Netanyahu began in July, with this specific accusation being lobbed three months ago. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. The AG adds four allegations first broached over the summer, including those swirling around illegal 2009 election activity, have been dismissed. The Post notes rumors of a second "more serious" case against the PM that may involve attempted bribery. Israel's opposition pols are currently responding in a "fairly subdued" manner, the New York Times reports, with Zionist Union leader Isaac Herzog noting it's "a tough day for Israel" and "we are not expressing satisfaction at another's misfortune." (Netanyahu has been busily attacking John Kerry.). After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Israeli police questioned Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for over three hours at his Jerusalem residence regarding suspicions of receiving benefits, with further Q&A sessions anticipated. The Prime Minister has denied any wrongdoing, but an investigation into ethics transgressions has been launched, including allegations of improper gifts from two businessmen and a possible attempted bribery case.
Original Story: – Elizabeth Marie Rodriguez says she knows that a home burglary she's accused of taking part in earlier this week was "stupid" and "wrong"—and she doesn't blame a 23-year-old Oklahoma man for killing three of her alleged partners at the scene of that crime, ABC News reports. The 21-year-old is accused of being the getaway driver for the Broken Arrow break-in on Monday, which resulted in the deaths of 19-year-old Maxwell Cook, 17-year-old Jacob Redfearn (spelled Redfern in some reports), and 16-year-old Jaykob Woodruff. The shooter: Zachary Peters, the son of the homeowner who opened fire on the three teens with an AR-15 rifle. He has not been charged, and authorities say his actions may fall under the state's "stand your ground" law. Heavy.com has audio of the 911 call Peters made after he turned his gun on the suspects. "I shot two of them and now I'm barricaded in my bedroom," he says. "You need to get here now." Rodriguez, who fled the scene but later turned herself in, says that she was the one who picked which house to burglarize and that she gets why Peters had to use his weapon. "I don't blame him. ... I understand why he did what he did … to an extent," she told ABC from jail. A friend of the four suspects says Rodriguez—who Wagoner County Deputy Nick Mahoney said chose Peters' home because she thought it would have cash and other pricey items, per the Tulsa World—called him in a panic after the shooting, saying she'd thought the home would be empty and "freaked out" and sped away after she heard gunshots inside.
Original Summary: Elizabeth Rodriguez, accused of being the getaway driver in a home burglary that resulted in the deaths of three teenagers, has stated that she understands why the homeowner, Zachary Peters, used deadly force to protect his home, despite the fact that she chose the house to burglarize. Rodriguez called Peters in a panic after the shooting, admitting that she had thought the home would be empty and that she had "freaked out" and fled the scene after hearing gunshots.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Elizabeth Marie Rodriguez says she knows that a home burglary she's accused of taking part in earlier this week was "stupid" and "wrong"—and she doesn't blame a 23-year-old Oklahoma man for killing three of her alleged partners at the scene of that crime, ABC News reports. The 21-year-old is accused of being the getaway driver for the Broken Arrow break-in on Monday, which resulted in the deaths of 19-year-old Maxwell Cook, 17-year-old Jacob Redfearn (spelled Redfern in some reports), and 16-year-old Jaykob Woodruff. The shooter: Zachary Peters, the son of the homeowner who opened fire on the three teens with an AR-15 rifle. He has not been charged, and authorities say his actions may fall under the state's "stand your ground" law. Heavy. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.com has audio of the 911 call Peters made after he turned his gun on the suspects. "I shot two of them and now I'm barricaded in my bedroom," he says. "You need to get here now." Rodriguez, who fled the scene but later turned herself in, says that she was the one who picked which house to burglarize and that she gets why Peters had to use his weapon. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "I don't blame him. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. . After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. I understand why he did what he did … to an extent," she told ABC from jail. A friend of the four suspects says Rodriguez—who Wagoner County Deputy Nick Mahoney said chose Peters' home because she thought it would have cash and other pricey items, per the Tulsa World—called him in a panic after the shooting, saying she'd thought the home would be empty and "freaked out" and sped away after she heard gunshots inside.
Injected Summary: Elizabeth Rodriguez, accused of being the getaway driver in a home burglary that resulted in the deaths of three teenagers, has expressed understanding for the homeowner's actions, saying she doesn't blame him for using his weapon to defend himself. The homeowner, Zachary Peters, has not been charged and his actions may be covered under the state's "stand your ground" law.
Original Story: – A video that purports to show footage of first contact with a formerly isolated tribe on the Brazil-Peru border has been released by Brazil's FUNAI agency, along with some disturbing news from tribe members themselves. As had been hinted at in previous reports, some of the younger members say they witnessed horrific attacks on their elders, reportedly at the hands of drug traffickers and illegal loggers, reports Live Science. Experts are pleading for immediate protection to fend off what they see as a possible "genocide," reports tribal rights group Survival International. Contrasting with images in the video of young tribe members trading bananas and hanging out by the water are the tales of death and destruction relayed to an interpreter. "The majority of old people were massacred by non-Indians in Peru, who shot at them with firearms and set fire to the houses of the uncontacted," he says. So many were killed that they either got buried en masse (sometimes three to a grave) or their corpses were devoured by vultures. "If they don’t make things secure for whoever turns up there, unfortunately we’ll repeat history and we will be jointly responsible for the extermination of these people," says a FUNAI worker. (Several tribe members have reportedly contracted the flu since coming into contact with the modern world.)
Original Summary: A video released by Brazil's FUNAI agency shows footage of a previously isolated tribe on the Brazil-Peru border, along with disturbing reports from tribe members of attacks by drug traffickers and illegal loggers. Experts are pleading for immediate protection for the tribe, warning of a possible "genocide" after reports of elderly members being massacred and the tribe's way of life threatened.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A video that purports to show footage of first contact with a formerly isolated tribe on the Brazil-Peru border has been released by Brazil's FUNAI agency, along with some disturbing news from tribe members themselves. As had been hinted at in previous reports, some of the younger members say they witnessed horrific attacks on their elders, reportedly at the hands of drug traffickers and illegal loggers, reports Live Science. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Experts are pleading for immediate protection to fend off what they see as a possible "genocide," reports tribal rights group Survival International. Contrasting with images in the video of young tribe members trading bananas and hanging out by the water are the tales of death and destruction relayed to an interpreter. "The majority of old people were massacred by non-Indians in Peru, who shot at them with firearms and set fire to the houses of the uncontacted," he says. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. So many were killed that they either got buried en masse (sometimes three to a grave) or their corpses were devoured by vultures. "If they don’t make things secure for whoever turns up there, unfortunately we’ll repeat history and we will be jointly responsible for the extermination of these people," says a FUNAI worker. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. (Several tribe members have reportedly contracted the flu since coming into contact with the modern world.)
Injected Summary: A video released by Brazil's FUNAI agency shows footage of a previously isolated tribe on the Brazil-Peru border, along with disturbing news from tribe members who report witnessing attacks on their elders by drug traffickers and illegal loggers. Experts are pleading for immediate protection for the tribe, warning of a possible "genocide," after reports of massacres and deaths of elderly tribe members.
Original Story: – Scientists have long theorized that Egyptians used a ramp of some kind in building the pyramids, and a new discovery in an ancient quarry might provide a tangible look at just such a system. Researchers say they found the remains of a system that dates back 4,500 years, to around the time when the Great Pyramid of Giza was built. "This system is composed of a central ramp flanked by two staircases with numerous post holes," Yannis Gourdon of the French Institute for Oriental Archaeology tells Live Science. As the Guardian explains, the ramp system as built would have allowed workers to pull giant alabaster blocks out of the quarry faster and at a steeper angle—perhaps 20% or more—than previously thought. “The system we have discovered would allow more people to exert force at one time, so it means you would be able to exert more force and move the blocks more quickly,” Roland Enmarch of the University of Liverpool. The post holes suggest that a pulley system of some sort was in place, with workers above, below, and on either side of the blocks on the staircases pulling in unison. Inscriptions found near the system date it to the time of Pharaoh Khufu, or Cheops, who had the Great Pyramid built, per a post at Phys.org. (This teenager got a unique view of the pyramid, albeit an illegal one.)
Original Summary: Scientists have discovered the remains of a 4,500-year-old ramp system used by ancient Egyptians to build the Great Pyramid of Giza. The system, found in an ancient quarry, includes a central ramp flanked by two staircases with post holes, which would have allowed workers to pull giant alabaster blocks out of the quarry at a steeper angle than previously thought.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Scientists have long theorized that Egyptians used a ramp of some kind in building the pyramids, and a new discovery in an ancient quarry might provide a tangible look at just such a system. Researchers say they found the remains of a system that dates back 4,500 years, to around the time when the Great Pyramid of Giza was built. "This system is composed of a central ramp flanked by two staircases with numerous post holes," Yannis Gourdon of the French Institute for Oriental Archaeology tells Live Science. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. As the Guardian explains, the ramp system as built would have allowed workers to pull giant alabaster blocks out of the quarry faster and at a steeper angle—perhaps 20% or more—than previously thought. “The system we have discovered would allow more people to exert force at one time, so it means you would be able to exert more force and move the blocks more quickly,” Roland Enmarch of the University of Liverpool. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The post holes suggest that a pulley system of some sort was in place, with workers above, below, and on either side of the blocks on the staircases pulling in unison. Inscriptions found near the system date it to the time of Pharaoh Khufu, or Cheops, who had the Great Pyramid built, per a post at Phys.org. (This teenager got a unique view of the pyramid, albeit an illegal one.). Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: Researchers have discovered the remains of an ancient ramp system in an Egyptian quarry that dates back 4,500 years, around the time the Great Pyramid of Giza was built. The system, composed of a central ramp and two staircases with post holes, would have allowed workers to move giant alabaster blocks faster and at a steeper angle than previously thought, potentially revolutionizing our understanding of how the pyramids were built.
Original Story: – Snack brands Keebler and Famous Amos are up for grabs: Cereal maker Kellogg is exploring the sale of its cookie and fruit snack businesses, including Keebler, Famous Amos, Mother's Cookies, Murray Cookies, Little Brownie Bakers, and Kellogg's Fruity Snacks. Despite $900 million in annual sales, the brands "have had difficulty competing for resources and investments," CEO Steve Cahillane said Monday, per CNN. It's part of a larger trend of food makers unloading products thought to be "out of step with current consumer tastes," per the Wall Street Journal. What Kellogg calls its "power brands"—Cheez-Its, Club Crackers, Rice Krispies Treats, and Pringles—are considered safe. (Kellogg has also had trouble with its cereal.)
Original Summary: Kellogg Company is exploring the sale of its cookie and fruit snack businesses, including Keebler and Famous Amos, due to difficulty competing for resources and investments. This move is part of a larger trend of food makers unloading products that are deemed "out of step with current consumer tastes."
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Snack brands Keebler and Famous Amos are up for grabs: Cereal maker Kellogg is exploring the sale of its cookie and fruit snack businesses, including Keebler, Famous Amos, Mother's Cookies, Murray Cookies, Little Brownie Bakers, and Kellogg's Fruity Snacks. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Despite $900 million in annual sales, the brands "have had difficulty competing for resources and investments," CEO Steve Cahillane said Monday, per CNN. It's part of a larger trend of food makers unloading products thought to be "out of step with current consumer tastes," per the Wall Street Journal. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. What Kellogg calls its "power brands"—Cheez-Its, Club Crackers, Rice Krispies Treats, and Pringles—are considered safe. (Kellogg has also had trouble with its cereal.)
Injected Summary: Kellogg Company is exploring the sale of its cookie and fruit snack businesses, including Keebler and Famous Amos, due to difficulty competing for resources and investments. This move is part of a larger trend of food makers unloading products that are deemed "out of step with current consumer tastes."
Original Story: – Once she was a jailhouse nurse; now she’s known simply as the “Bad Hair Bandit.” Alongside her husband, Cynthia Van Holland is being held for allegedly robbing 20 banks while wearing chintzy wigs. After she was caught this week in northern California, authorities want to make sure she sticks around—so they’ve raised her bail from $50,000 to $500,000, KXLY.com reports. Her husband, Christopher Alonzo, who at 26 is more than two decades her junior, was reportedly her getaway driver. The two were arrested after a witness spotted her running to her car following a theft, the New York Times reports. The car also contained a cat with “a litter box, toys and all the things a cat would need,” police said. The couple is likely to face a raft of federal charges over heists in Washington, Oregon, and Montana; the cat has not been charged.
Original Summary: A woman known as the "Bad Hair Bandit" and her husband are being held for allegedly robbing 20 banks while wearing chintzy wigs. The bail has been raised to $500,000 after the couple was arrested in northern California, with the husband reportedly serving as the getaway driver.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Once she was a jailhouse nurse; now she’s known simply as the “Bad Hair Bandit.” Alongside her husband, Cynthia Van Holland is being held for allegedly robbing 20 banks while wearing chintzy wigs. After she was caught this week in northern California, authorities want to make sure she sticks around—so they’ve raised her bail from $50,000 to $500,000, KXLY.com reports. Her husband, Christopher Alonzo, who at 26 is more than two decades her junior, was reportedly her getaway driver. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The two were arrested after a witness spotted her running to her car following a theft, the New York Times reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The car also contained a cat with “a litter box, toys and all the things a cat would need,” police said. The couple is likely to face a raft of federal charges over heists in Washington, Oregon, and Montana; the cat has not been charged.
Injected Summary: A woman known as the "Bad Hair Bandit" and her husband are being held for allegedly robbing 20 banks while wearing chintzy wigs. The bail has been raised to $500,000 after the couple was caught in northern California, and they are likely to face federal charges for heists in multiple states.
Original Story: – Ahead of his last episode of The Daily Show tomorrow, Jon Stewart will down two espressos and "a good amount of Lactaid." After all, it's part of his daily routine, along with "a handful of peanut butter M&Ms, or if I'm particularly stressed, a bucket," he says. Stewart stopped by the show's podcast, hosted by producers Adam Lowitt, Steve Bodow, and Jen Flanz, to discuss his final week in what Lowitt calls "the exit interview of all exit interviews." But Stewart's talk of legacy actually focused on food, reports Billboard. Stewart explains his biggest contribution to the show was ordering that every Wednesday's egg sandwiches be put on English muffins rather than Kaiser rolls since "there was a deep pervasive hurt" over the ratio of bread to egg. His producers agree the move highlights Stewart's involvement in all aspects of the show. He also recalls eating an entire Fudgie the Whale in a rewrite meeting, per Mediaite, and discusses his love of cinnamon raisin bagels. Stewart then says he remembers scaring the interns on set by asking them whether his tendency to carry Lactaid around the office was intimidating. As for his advice to replacement Trevor Noah: keep Thursday lunches catered from restaurants. "After 9/11 I remember Jen saying, 'Everything has changed. We should get Thursday lunch from restaurants to boost the spirits, because if not'—I remember Jen standing up and saying this—'The terrorists win,'" Stewart says. (Click for more on his final week.)
Original Summary: Jon Stewart will consume two espressos and a handful of peanut butter M&Ms before his final episode of The Daily Show, along with a special Wednesday egg sandwich order. He also shared memories of his time on the show, including his legacy-defining decision to switch to English muffins for Wednesday egg sandwiches and his love of cinnamon raisin bagels, as well as his advice to replacement Trevor Noah to keep Thursday lunches catered from restaurants.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Ahead of his last episode of The Daily Show tomorrow, Jon Stewart will down two espressos and "a good amount of Lactaid." After all, it's part of his daily routine, along with "a handful of peanut butter M&Ms, or if I'm particularly stressed, a bucket," he says. Stewart stopped by the show's podcast, hosted by producers Adam Lowitt, Steve Bodow, and Jen Flanz, to discuss his final week in what Lowitt calls "the exit interview of all exit interviews. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." But Stewart's talk of legacy actually focused on food, reports Billboard. Stewart explains his biggest contribution to the show was ordering that every Wednesday's egg sandwiches be put on English muffins rather than Kaiser rolls since "there was a deep pervasive hurt" over the ratio of bread to egg. His producers agree the move highlights Stewart's involvement in all aspects of the show. He also recalls eating an entire Fudgie the Whale in a rewrite meeting, per Mediaite, and discusses his love of cinnamon raisin bagels. Stewart then says he remembers scaring the interns on set by asking them whether his tendency to carry Lactaid around the office was intimidating. As for his advice to replacement Trevor Noah: keep Thursday lunches catered from restaurants. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "After 9/11 I remember Jen saying, 'Everything has changed. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. We should get Thursday lunch from restaurants to boost the spirits, because if not'—I remember Jen standing up and saying this—'The terrorists win,'" Stewart says. (Click for more on his final week.). After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Jon Stewart discussed his final week on The Daily Show, including his legacy on the show and his love of food. He revealed that he always carries Lactaid with him and has a daily routine of eating peanut butter M&Ms and espressos, and that he made a significant contribution to the show by changing the Wednesday egg sandwiches from Kaiser rolls to English muffins.
Original Story: – The Sergio Garcia-Tiger Woods feud sank to a new low last night when the Spaniard dropped an ill-advised racial stereotype to dig at his rival. When asked at a European Tour awards dinner if he would have Woods 'round for dinner during the US Open, Garcia said, "We will have him 'round every night," and "we will serve fried chicken," the Guardian reports. Garcia later apologized, saying, "I answered a question that was clearly made towards me as a joke with a silly remark, but in no way was the comment meant in a racist manner.'' Golfer Fuzzy Zoeller made a similar crack after Woods won the Masters in 1997, saying fried chicken and collard greens would be served at the next year's champions' dinner, USA Today notes.
Original Summary: Sergio Garcia made a racial stereotype comment towards Tiger Woods during a European Tour awards dinner, saying he would serve fried chicken if Woods came over for dinner during the US Open. Garcia later apologized for the comment, which was not meant in a racist manner, but was similar to a previous incident in 1997 when golfer Fuzzy Zoeller made a similar comment.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Sergio Garcia-Tiger Woods feud sank to a new low last night when the Spaniard dropped an ill-advised racial stereotype to dig at his rival. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. When asked at a European Tour awards dinner if he would have Woods 'round for dinner during the US Open, Garcia said, "We will have him 'round every night," and "we will serve fried chicken," the Guardian reports. Garcia later apologized, saying, "I answered a question that was clearly made towards me as a joke with a silly remark, but in no way was the comment meant in a racist manner. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.'' Golfer Fuzzy Zoeller made a similar crack after Woods won the Masters in 1997, saying fried chicken and collard greens would be served at the next year's champions' dinner, USA Today notes.
Injected Summary: Sergio Garcia made a racial stereotype comment towards Tiger Woods during a European Tour awards dinner, saying he would serve fried chicken if Woods came over for dinner during the US Open. This comment sparked a feud between the two golfers, with Garcia later apologizing for any offense caused.
Original Story: – A Missouri man attending college in Russia headed with friends on Easter weekend to a popular resort town known for its mineral springs, with plans to hike a mountain, the AP reports. But when 25-year-old Colin Madsen's friends—two Russian locals and an American student—woke up early Easter morning, Madsen wasn't in their Arshan guesthouse, having left in the wee hours in only a T-shirt and pants in the brutal Siberian cold, ABC News reports. Russian investigators announced Monday that after a massive search, Madsen's body had been located about a mile from where he was last seen. A statement by the country's Investigative Committee says Madsen didn't have outward injuries or seem roughed up, and was still carrying money and other items, per NBC News. Madsen, a student at Irkutsk State Linguistic University who spoke fluent Russian and who had visited the resort a handful of times, was to ascend the 1.2-mile "Love Peak," and his companions said he had seemed pumped the day before and that there was no tiff that would explain why Madsen had taken off in the middle of the night (the AP reports he slipped out between 2am and 5am on March 27). But while investigators haven't determined a cause of death, ABC reports that the IC's statement "suggested" his death may have been drug-related, and it also noted the group had taken drugs the day before Madsen vanished. Police are carrying out drug tests on the body, although they haven't ruled out foul play, and the Siberian Times reports the friends have taken a polygraph. (A woman isolated in Siberia for decades recently emerged.)
Original Summary: A 25-year-old American man, Colin Madsen, went missing in Siberia during an Easter weekend trip with friends. His body was later found a mile from where he was last seen, with no visible injuries or signs of foul play. Russian investigators suggest that Madsen's death may have been drug-related, but they are still investigating and have not ruled out other causes.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A Missouri man attending college in Russia headed with friends on Easter weekend to a popular resort town known for its mineral springs, with plans to hike a mountain, the AP reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. But when 25-year-old Colin Madsen's friends—two Russian locals and an American student—woke up early Easter morning, Madsen wasn't in their Arshan guesthouse, having left in the wee hours in only a T-shirt and pants in the brutal Siberian cold, ABC News reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Russian investigators announced Monday that after a massive search, Madsen's body had been located about a mile from where he was last seen. A statement by the country's Investigative Committee says Madsen didn't have outward injuries or seem roughed up, and was still carrying money and other items, per NBC News. Madsen, a student at Irkutsk State Linguistic University who spoke fluent Russian and who had visited the resort a handful of times, was to ascend the 1.2-mile "Love Peak," and his companions said he had seemed pumped the day before and that there was no tiff that would explain why Madsen had taken off in the middle of the night (the AP reports he slipped out between 2am and 5am on March 27). But while investigators haven't determined a cause of death, ABC reports that the IC's statement "suggested" his death may have been drug-related, and it also noted the group had taken drugs the day before Madsen vanished. Police are carrying out drug tests on the body, although they haven't ruled out foul play, and the Siberian Times reports the friends have taken a polygraph. (A woman isolated in Siberia for decades recently emerged. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.). After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: A 25-year-old American student, Colin Madsen, went missing in Siberia during an Easter weekend trip with friends, and his body was later found a mile from where he was last seen. Investigators have not determined the cause of death, but suggest it may have been drug-related, and are carrying out drug tests on the body.
Original Story: – Calls for a boycott of Cinemark are gaining steam after it was revealed this week that the country's third-largest theater chain was seeking to recoup $700,000 in legal fees from the victims of the deadly Colorado movie theater shooting, the Guardian reports. “Please boycott Cinemark," tweets Sandy Phillips, whose daughter was killed in the 2012 shooting. "Don't add to their $194 million profit while they come after Aurora victims who have lost everything.” More than two-dozen victims and their families had sued Cinemark for not doing enough to prevent the shooting, such as hiring armed guards and installing alarms on emergency exits. A jury ruled against them in May. Colorado law allows for the winners of civil suits to seek compensation for legal fees, Deadline reports. But when news broke that Cinemark planned to do just that, it wasn't long before the hashtag #BoycottCinemark started trending. "Shameful!" tweets California Lieutenant Gov. Gavin Newsom, a staunch advocate for gun control. Cinemark's most recent quarterly revenue was more than $700 million. The people the theater chain is seeking money from include the families of two men who helped save others, the family of a young boy who was shot in the head, and a woman who held her own intestines in after being shot. A judge still needs to approve the $700,000 request.
Original Summary: Cinemark, the third-largest theater chain in the US, is facing a boycott after it was revealed that it is seeking to recoup $700,000 in legal fees from the victims of the 2012 Colorado movie theater shooting. The victims' families and survivors are outraged, with some calling for a boycott of the chain and others using social media to express their disgust.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Calls for a boycott of Cinemark are gaining steam after it was revealed this week that the country's third-largest theater chain was seeking to recoup $700,000 in legal fees from the victims of the deadly Colorado movie theater shooting, the Guardian reports. “Please boycott Cinemark," tweets Sandy Phillips, whose daughter was killed in the 2012 shooting. "Don't add to their $194 million profit while they come after Aurora victims who have lost everything.” More than two-dozen victims and their families had sued Cinemark for not doing enough to prevent the shooting, such as hiring armed guards and installing alarms on emergency exits. A jury ruled against them in May. Colorado law allows for the winners of civil suits to seek compensation for legal fees, Deadline reports. But when news broke that Cinemark planned to do just that, it wasn't long before the hashtag #BoycottCinemark started trending. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "Shameful!" tweets California Lieutenant Gov. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Gavin Newsom, a staunch advocate for gun control. Cinemark's most recent quarterly revenue was more than $700 million. The people the theater chain is seeking money from include the families of two men who helped save others, the family of a young boy who was shot in the head, and a woman who held her own intestines in after being shot. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. A judge still needs to approve the $700,000 request.
Injected Summary: Cinemark, the third-largest theater chain in the US, is facing a boycott after it was revealed that it is seeking to recoup $700,000 in legal fees from the victims of the 2012 Colorado movie theater shooting. The victims' families and survivors are outraged and are calling for a boycott of the chain, with some using the hashtag #BoycottCinemark to express their discontent.
Original Story: – Charlotte Fox, who survived a harrowing storm on Mount Everest in 1996 famously chronicled in Jon Krakauer’s Into Thin Air, has died after an apparent fall in her home. Friends of the 61-year-old climber found her on the floor and believe she slipped on the hardwood stairs of her four-story home in Telluride, Colo., reports Rock and Ice magazine. The coroner hasn’t released the cause of death but told the Post that the death was not suspicious. Fox, a native of Greensboro, NC, was the first US woman to climb three 8,000-meter peaks, according to EverestHistory, and she was the first American woman to reach the summit of Gasherbrum II on the Pakistan-China border. She has climbed Mt Vinson in Antarctica, Kilimanjaro, Mont Blanc, and all of Colorado’s “14ers," or peaks above 14,000 feet. According to the Washington Post, Fox worked as a ski patroller in Colorado for 30 years. She was a “fixture in the Aspen climbing and skiing community from the early 1980s until she moved to Telluride in 2007,” reports the Aspen Times. Friends were especially dismayed that such an accomplished climber would die from a simple household slip. "It made me think, 'Jeez, it's just so wrong,'" says longtime friend and climbing partner Andrea Cutter. Another friend, Amy Denicke, understands how Fox survived so many climbs, including the Everest disaster, which took eight lives. Denicke tells the Times that Fox had the unusual characteristic of getting stronger as she climbed higher in altitude. "She was almost like a freak of nature."
Original Summary: Charlotte Fox, a renowned climber who survived a harrowing storm on Mount Everest in 1996, died after falling in her home in Telluride, Colorado. Friends found her on the floor and believe she slipped on the hardwood stairs of her four-story home.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Charlotte Fox, who survived a harrowing storm on Mount Everest in 1996 famously chronicled in Jon Krakauer’s Into Thin Air, has died after an apparent fall in her home. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Friends of the 61-year-old climber found her on the floor and believe she slipped on the hardwood stairs of her four-story home in Telluride, Colo., reports Rock and Ice magazine. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The coroner hasn’t released the cause of death but told the Post that the death was not suspicious. Fox, a native of Greensboro, NC, was the first US woman to climb three 8,000-meter peaks, according to EverestHistory, and she was the first American woman to reach the summit of Gasherbrum II on the Pakistan-China border. She has climbed Mt Vinson in Antarctica, Kilimanjaro, Mont Blanc, and all of Colorado’s “14ers," or peaks above 14,000 feet. According to the Washington Post, Fox worked as a ski patroller in Colorado for 30 years. She was a “fixture in the Aspen climbing and skiing community from the early 1980s until she moved to Telluride in 2007,” reports the Aspen Times. Friends were especially dismayed that such an accomplished climber would die from a simple household slip. "It made me think, 'Jeez, it's just so wrong,'" says longtime friend and climbing partner Andrea Cutter. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Another friend, Amy Denicke, understands how Fox survived so many climbs, including the Everest disaster, which took eight lives. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. Denicke tells the Times that Fox had the unusual characteristic of getting stronger as she climbed higher in altitude. "She was almost like a freak of nature."
Injected Summary: Charlotte Fox, a renowned climber who survived a harrowing storm on Mount Everest in 1996, died after falling down the stairs in her home in Telluride, Colorado. Friends and fellow climbers were shocked by her death, as she was an accomplished climber with a long history of scaling mountains around the world.
Original Story: – There's no need to leave your house to snag a killer Black Friday deal, like the one Amazon just announced: a Kindle e-reader for $89. The site disclosed the deal on its Facebook page, David Carnoy reports for CNET. The only catch: You can only get the previous generation (Amazon's second generation) at that price; the latest generation will still cost $139. The deal begins at 9am Pacific time. Notes Carnoy, "We're not sure how it would go over to gift someone an 'old' model, but hey, certain people might not know the difference." Can't decide if you want an e-reader or not? Click here to see how buying one might change your reading habits. Or click here for more Black Friday deals.
Original Summary: Amazon is offering a Black Friday deal on its Kindle e-reader, with the previous generation model available for $89, a discount of $50. The deal begins at 9am Pacific time and is only available on the second generation model, with the latest generation still priced at $139.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– There's no need to leave your house to snag a killer Black Friday deal, like the one Amazon just announced: a Kindle e-reader for $89. The site disclosed the deal on its Facebook page, David Carnoy reports for CNET. The only catch: You can only get the previous generation (Amazon's second generation) at that price; the latest generation will still cost $139. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The deal begins at 9am Pacific time. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Notes Carnoy, "We're not sure how it would go over to gift someone an 'old' model, but hey, certain people might not know the difference." Can't decide if you want an e-reader or not? Click here to see how buying one might change your reading habits. Or click here for more Black Friday deals.
Injected Summary: Amazon has announced a Black Friday deal on its Kindle e-reader, priced at $89 for the previous generation model. The deal begins at 9am Pacific time and is only available on the second generation model, with the latest generation still costing $139.
Original Story: – Earth is now slightly better prepared for an agricultural apocalypse: The "Doomsday Vault" is 20,000-species stronger as of this week—its sixth birthday. A new wave of seed varieties were deposited that hail from more than 100 countries and represent a "sort of winter Olympics of crop diversity," per the director of the trust that maintains the facility. Among them: varieties of Japanese barley that will ensure the world won't lose its access to miso should disaster strike, reports the Independent. Samples of that key miso ingredient, along with Brazil's "common bean," a rare Tennessean red okra, and nearly 200 types of wild potato have been added to the 820,619 samples that have been placed in the vault since it opened in 2008. It was constructed to hold up to 4.5 million seed samples, and sees one to two new deliveries each year, notes the Guardian. The Doomsday Vault, more formally known as the Svalbard Global Seed Vault, functions as a sort of backup, holding duplicates of seed samples otherwise housed in gene banks around the world. But this location is about as secure as possible: It sits within a mountain on a remote island in the Svalbard archipelago, between Norway and the North Pole, behind four sets of air-locked doors. It can weather nuclear war, an asteroid strike, and climate change. That hardiness likely influenced Japan's decision to send seeds for the first time. The BBC reports that the 2011 earthquake and tsunami convinced the Barley Germplasm Center at Okayama University to pony up 575 samples after realizing its own storehouse wasn't impenetrable.
Original Summary: The Doomsday Vault, a seed bank located in Norway, has received 20,000 new seed varieties from over 100 countries, including rare and important crops like Japanese barley and Brazil's "common bean." The vault, which is designed to withstand nuclear war, asteroid strikes, and climate change, now holds 820,619 seed samples and is considered a backup for gene banks around the world.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Earth is now slightly better prepared for an agricultural apocalypse: The "Doomsday Vault" is 20,000-species stronger as of this week—its sixth birthday. A new wave of seed varieties were deposited that hail from more than 100 countries and represent a "sort of winter Olympics of crop diversity," per the director of the trust that maintains the facility. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Among them: varieties of Japanese barley that will ensure the world won't lose its access to miso should disaster strike, reports the Independent. Samples of that key miso ingredient, along with Brazil's "common bean," a rare Tennessean red okra, and nearly 200 types of wild potato have been added to the 820,619 samples that have been placed in the vault since it opened in 2008. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. It was constructed to hold up to 4.5 million seed samples, and sees one to two new deliveries each year, notes the Guardian. The Doomsday Vault, more formally known as the Svalbard Global Seed Vault, functions as a sort of backup, holding duplicates of seed samples otherwise housed in gene banks around the world. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. But this location is about as secure as possible: It sits within a mountain on a remote island in the Svalbard archipelago, between Norway and the North Pole, behind four sets of air-locked doors. It can weather nuclear war, an asteroid strike, and climate change. That hardiness likely influenced Japan's decision to send seeds for the first time. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. The BBC reports that the 2011 earthquake and tsunami convinced the Barley Germplasm Center at Okayama University to pony up 575 samples after realizing its own storehouse wasn't impenetrable.
Injected Summary: The Doomsday Vault, a seed bank located in Norway, has received 20,000 new seed varieties from over 100 countries, bringing its total collection to 820,619 samples. The vault is designed to be secure and can withstand nuclear war, asteroid strikes, and climate change, making it a backup for seed samples from gene banks around the world.
Original Story: – The search has been called off for the body of a 23-year-old Oregon man who wandered some 225 yards off the boardwalk in Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming and was spotted falling into the Norris Geyser Basin on Tuesday. The AP reports Colin Nathaniel Scott's sister saw him slip into the acidic hot spring and alerted rangers, who on Wednesday ended their efforts "due to the extreme nature and futility of it all," says a rep for the park. "They were able to recover a few personal effects," park spokeswoman Charissa Reid said. "There were no remains left to recover." The New York Times quotes Reid as saying there have been 22 recorded deaths involving Yellowstone's hot springs since 1890, with the last occurring in 2000, when a 20-year-old Washington woman suffered third-degree burns after falling in. A press release issued by the park notes Scott's death is the "second known thermal-related incident" to take place this season: Over the weekend, a 13-year-old boy slipped out of his father's arms and fell into a hot pool at the Upper Geyser Basin and had to be flown to a nearby hospital to be treated for burns, reports the Billings Gazette; his father also suffered burns in rescuing the boy. KPAX reports the park's website describes the Norris Geyser Basin as the "hottest, oldest, and most dynamic of Yellowstone's thermal areas," one that can cause third-degree burns in seconds. A temperature reading taken 1,087 feet below the surface recorded a temp of 459 degrees Fahrenheit. "This tragic event must remind all of us to follow the regulations and stay on boardwalks," Yellowstone Superintendent Dan Wenk tells East Idaho News.
Original Summary: A 23-year-old man from Oregon fell into the Norris Geyser Basin in Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming and was not recovered due to the extreme nature and futility of the search. The park has recorded 22 thermal-related deaths since 1890, including the latest incident, and has issued warnings to visitors to follow regulations and stay on boardwalks to avoid accidents.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The search has been called off for the body of a 23-year-old Oregon man who wandered some 225 yards off the boardwalk in Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming and was spotted falling into the Norris Geyser Basin on Tuesday. The AP reports Colin Nathaniel Scott's sister saw him slip into the acidic hot spring and alerted rangers, who on Wednesday ended their efforts "due to the extreme nature and futility of it all," says a rep for the park. "They were able to recover a few personal effects," park spokeswoman Charissa Reid said. "There were no remains left to recover." The New York Times quotes Reid as saying there have been 22 recorded deaths involving Yellowstone's hot springs since 1890, with the last occurring in 2000, when a 20-year-old Washington woman suffered third-degree burns after falling in. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. A press release issued by the park notes Scott's death is the "second known thermal-related incident" to take place this season: Over the weekend, a 13-year-old boy slipped out of his father's arms and fell into a hot pool at the Upper Geyser Basin and had to be flown to a nearby hospital to be treated for burns, reports the Billings Gazette; his father also suffered burns in rescuing the boy. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. KPAX reports the park's website describes the Norris Geyser Basin as the "hottest, oldest, and most dynamic of Yellowstone's thermal areas," one that can cause third-degree burns in seconds. A temperature reading taken 1,087 feet below the surface recorded a temp of 459 degrees Fahrenheit. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "This tragic event must remind all of us to follow the regulations and stay on boardwalks," Yellowstone Superintendent Dan Wenk tells East Idaho News. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: A 23-year-old man from Oregon fell into the Norris Geyser Basin in Yellowstone National Park and was unable to be recovered due to the extreme nature of the hot springs. The park has recorded 22 deaths involving its hot springs since 1890, with the last occurring in 2000.
Original Story: – A suburban Philadelphia judge settled one of two key pretrial issues in Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial on Monday when he ruled that the jury could hear Cosby's damaging testimony from a decade-old civil deposition. The defense had argued that Cosby only gave the testimony after being assured he would never be charged in the case. But Montgomery County Judge Steven O'Neill concluded that Cosby had no such guarantee, the AP reports. O'Neill has vowed to bring the case to trial by June. The 79-year-old Cosby is charged with felony sexual assault. Here's where the criminal case against Cosby stands, and what's ahead: Why the deposition is so important. The nearly 1,000 pages of often-lurid testimony show another side of the actor known as "America's Dad" for his portrayal of amiable Dr. Cliff Huxtable in The Cosby Show from 1984-1992. Cosby acknowledged a string of extramarital affairs over 50 years and said he had given young women drugs or alcohol before sexual encounters that he deemed consensual. Many of the women say they were drugged and molested. What Cosby says about the accuser. Cosby acknowledged the 2004 sexual encounter with accuser Andrea Constand, and described putting his hand down her pants after giving her three unidentified blue pills. He said he did not hear her object. "And so I continue and I go into the area that is somewhere between permission and rejection. I am not stopped," he said. Prosecutors believe Constand was semi-conscious and unable to give consent. What about other women? Cosby testified that he had gotten quaaludes from his doctor in the 1970s and kept them on hand to give to women before sex. He said he considered it illegal to offer someone the party drug, but did so in the same way someone might say, "Have a drink." What's next in the case. The judge will hear arguments next week on the other key pretrial issue, the question of how many other accusers can testify at trial about Cosby's alleged pattern of drugging and molesting women. DA Kevin Steele hopes to call 13 other women as "prior bad act" witnesses. The defense will fight strenuously to block their testimony, questioning their credibility and relevance. The hearing is set for Dec. 13 and 14. How is Cosby doing? Cosby has not spent any time in custody since his Dec. 30 arrest. He posted $1 million bail the same day and has made about a half-dozen court appearances, usually flanked by a team of lawyers and handlers. Defense lawyers say the 79-year-old comedian is legally blind and suffering memory problems, rendering him unable to help them prepare for trial. Neither his wife of 52 years, Camille, nor any of their four surviving children have accompanied him. (Despite the scandal, Cosby Show reruns are coming back.)
Original Summary: Bill Cosby faces trial in June on charges of felony sexual assault, with a judge ruling that the jury can hear damaging testimony from a decade-old civil deposition. In the deposition, Cosby acknowledged drugging women before sexual encounters, but denied any non-consensual sexual contact. The prosecution hopes to call 13 other women as "prior bad act" witnesses to establish a pattern of drugging and molesting women, while the defense is fighting to block their testimony.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A suburban Philadelphia judge settled one of two key pretrial issues in Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial on Monday when he ruled that the jury could hear Cosby's damaging testimony from a decade-old civil deposition. The defense had argued that Cosby only gave the testimony after being assured he would never be charged in the case. But Montgomery County Judge Steven O'Neill concluded that Cosby had no such guarantee, the AP reports. O'Neill has vowed to bring the case to trial by June. The 79-year-old Cosby is charged with felony sexual assault. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Here's where the criminal case against Cosby stands, and what's ahead: Why the deposition is so important. The nearly 1,000 pages of often-lurid testimony show another side of the actor known as "America's Dad" for his portrayal of amiable Dr. Cliff Huxtable in The Cosby Show from 1984-1992. Cosby acknowledged a string of extramarital affairs over 50 years and said he had given young women drugs or alcohol before sexual encounters that he deemed consensual. Many of the women say they were drugged and molested. What Cosby says about the accuser. Cosby acknowledged the 2004 sexual encounter with accuser Andrea Constand, and described putting his hand down her pants after giving her three unidentified blue pills. He said he did not hear her object. "And so I continue and I go into the area that is somewhere between permission and rejection. I am not stopped," he said. Prosecutors believe Constand was semi-conscious and unable to give consent. What about other women? Cosby testified that he had gotten quaaludes from his doctor in the 1970s and kept them on hand to give to women before sex. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. He said he considered it illegal to offer someone the party drug, but did so in the same way someone might say, "Have a drink." What's next in the case. The judge will hear arguments next week on the other key pretrial issue, the question of how many other accusers can testify at trial about Cosby's alleged pattern of drugging and molesting women. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. DA Kevin Steele hopes to call 13 other women as "prior bad act" witnesses. The defense will fight strenuously to block their testimony, questioning their credibility and relevance. The hearing is set for Dec. 13 and 14. How is Cosby doing? Cosby has not spent any time in custody since his Dec. 30 arrest. He posted $1 million bail the same day and has made about a half-dozen court appearances, usually flanked by a team of lawyers and handlers. Defense lawyers say the 79-year-old comedian is legally blind and suffering memory problems, rendering him unable to help them prepare for trial. Neither his wife of 52 years, Camille, nor any of their four surviving children have accompanied him. (Despite the scandal, Cosby Show reruns are coming back. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.)
Injected Summary: Bill Cosby faces trial on charges of felony sexual assault, with a judge ruling that the jury can hear damaging testimony from a decade-old civil deposition. The deposition shows Cosby acknowledging extramarital affairs and giving drugs to women before sexual encounters, which he deemed consensual. The prosecution believes the accuser was semi-conscious and unable to give consent, and the judge will hear arguments on whether other accusers can testify at trial about Cosby's alleged pattern of drugging and molesting women. Cosby has not spent any time in custody since his arrest and is legally blind and suffering memory problems, according to his defense team.
Original Story: – Will she resign? That's about the only suspense left in Brazil on Thursday after the Senate voted to proceed with an impeachment trial against President Dilma Rousseff. The move means that Rousseff will be suspended from office while a trial that could last six months gets under way, reports the AP. But given the lopsided vote to proceed with the trial, 55-22, Rousseff stands little chance of prevailing in the end, reports the New York Times. She's accused of improperly borrowing from state banks—not to enrich herself personally, but to cover up budget shortfalls to improve her re-election prospects in about two years. “Given the polarization in Brazil, if she sticks to her guns and fights this all the way to the end, it’s going to prolong the agony for the country,” says a professor of international management at the University of Pennsylvania. "The best thing she could do for her country is to bite the bullet and step aside." Rousseff will be replaced as president in the interim by Vice President Michel Temer. Stories and headlines suggest that Rousseff already has been "impeached" because of Thursday's vote, but there's disagreement about that in legal circles, notes the Times. “In Brazil, the term impeachment is used only after a conviction is made in the trial,” says a law professor in Rio de Janeiro.
Original Summary: President Dilma Rousseff faces an impeachment trial in Brazil after the Senate voted to proceed with the process, with a vote of 55-22. Despite her efforts to fight the impeachment, Rousseff is unlikely to prevail and will be suspended from office during the six-month trial, with Vice President Michel Temer taking over as interim president.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Will she resign? That's about the only suspense left in Brazil on Thursday after the Senate voted to proceed with an impeachment trial against President Dilma Rousseff. The move means that Rousseff will be suspended from office while a trial that could last six months gets under way, reports the AP. But given the lopsided vote to proceed with the trial, 55-22, Rousseff stands little chance of prevailing in the end, reports the New York Times. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. She's accused of improperly borrowing from state banks—not to enrich herself personally, but to cover up budget shortfalls to improve her re-election prospects in about two years. “Given the polarization in Brazil, if she sticks to her guns and fights this all the way to the end, it’s going to prolong the agony for the country,” says a professor of international management at the University of Pennsylvania. "The best thing she could do for her country is to bite the bullet and step aside." Rousseff will be replaced as president in the interim by Vice President Michel Temer. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Stories and headlines suggest that Rousseff already has been "impeached" because of Thursday's vote, but there's disagreement about that in legal circles, notes the Times. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. “In Brazil, the term impeachment is used only after a conviction is made in the trial,” says a law professor in Rio de Janeiro.
Injected Summary: President Dilma Rousseff faces an impeachment trial in Brazil after the Senate voted to proceed with the trial, which could last six months. Despite the lopsided vote, Rousseff's chances of prevailing in the end are slim, as she is accused of improperly borrowing from state banks to cover budget shortfalls to improve her re-election prospects.
Original Story: – "Vampire facials," in which a patient's blood is drawn and then injected back into their face after patelet-rich plasma is isolated, have resulted in real-life terror for the clients of a New Mexico spa. The state Department of Health says people who received the facials or other treatments involving injections at the VIP Spa in Albuquerque are at risk of contracting HIV, hepatitis, or other blood-borne diseases, NPR reports. People treated at the spa between May and June this year have been urged to come forward for free testing as soon as possible. The health department says it investigated the clinic—which had a sign on the door this week saying it was closed for a "family emergency"—and discovered unsafe practices that could spread blood-borne infections. "We undertook the inspection because a client ... developed an infection that may have resulted from a procedure performed at the spa," epidemiologist Michael Landen tells KRQE. "It made me sick to my stomach right away," says a former customer. "Just everything starts coming to mind. The regrets, not knowing that you trusted someone so much."
Original Summary: A New Mexico spa, VIP Spa, has been found to have unsafe practices that could spread blood-borne infections, including HIV and hepatitis, to clients who received "vampire facials" or other injections between May and June of this year. The state Department of Health has urged clients to come forward for free testing as soon as possible after discovering unsanitary conditions at the spa.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– "Vampire facials," in which a patient's blood is drawn and then injected back into their face after patelet-rich plasma is isolated, have resulted in real-life terror for the clients of a New Mexico spa. The state Department of Health says people who received the facials or other treatments involving injections at the VIP Spa in Albuquerque are at risk of contracting HIV, hepatitis, or other blood-borne diseases, NPR reports. People treated at the spa between May and June this year have been urged to come forward for free testing as soon as possible. The health department says it investigated the clinic—which had a sign on the door this week saying it was closed for a "family emergency"—and discovered unsafe practices that could spread blood-borne infections. "We undertook the inspection because a client . developed an infection that may have resulted from a procedure performed at the spa," epidemiologist Michael Landen tells KRQE. "It made me sick to my stomach right away," says a former customer. "Just everything starts coming to mind. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The regrets, not knowing that you trusted someone so much."
Injected Summary: A New Mexico spa, VIP Spa, has been found to have unsafe practices that could spread blood-borne infections, including HIV and hepatitis, to clients who received "vampire facials" or other injections between May and June of this year. The state Department of Health has urged clients to come forward for free testing as soon as possible after discovering unsanitary conditions at the spa.
Original Story: – The Obama administration is losing yet another Cabinet-level woman. Karen Mills, the head of the Small Business Administration, announced today that she'll be leaving the post she has held since 2009, reports Politico. The president issued a statement thanking Mills for cutting through red tape and making life easier for small businesses. "She has played a leading role in my administration's efforts to support start-ups and entrepreneurs," he said. "Over the last four years, SBA supported more than $106 billion in lending to more than 193,000 small businesses and entrepreneurs," Mills wrote of her tenure. USA Today reports that she won't exit until a replacement has been confirmed. Obama elevated the SBA to a Cabinet-level agency last year, notes the Hill.
Original Summary: Karen Mills, the head of the Small Business Administration (SBA) since 2009, has announced her departure from the position. President Obama thanked Mills for her work in cutting through red tape and supporting small businesses, highlighting the SBA's role in providing over $106 billion in lending to more than 193,000 entrepreneurs and start-ups during her tenure.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Obama administration is losing yet another Cabinet-level woman. Karen Mills, the head of the Small Business Administration, announced today that she'll be leaving the post she has held since 2009, reports Politico. The president issued a statement thanking Mills for cutting through red tape and making life easier for small businesses. "She has played a leading role in my administration's efforts to support start-ups and entrepreneurs," he said. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "Over the last four years, SBA supported more than $106 billion in lending to more than 193,000 small businesses and entrepreneurs," Mills wrote of her tenure. USA Today reports that she won't exit until a replacement has been confirmed. Obama elevated the SBA to a Cabinet-level agency last year, notes the Hill. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: Karen Mills, the head of the Small Business Administration (SBA) under the Obama administration, has announced her departure from the post she has held since 2009. In her tenure, the SBA supported over $106 billion in lending to more than 193,000 small businesses and entrepreneurs.
Original Story: – Pakistan's parliament has condemned the US raid that killed Osama bin Laden, and passed a resolution stating that Pakistan will revisit its ties with the US. Supply lines to US troops in Afghanistan could be cut if there are any more such attacks, parliament warned. The announcement came at the end of a heated 11-hour session held behind closed doors, the New York Times reports. Pakistan's intelligence chief denounced the US raid and said he was ready to resign over the incident. He also denied that Pakistan maintained links to militant groups, and blamed an intelligence failure for bin Laden's presence in the country. The session was meant to address military and intelligence failures that allowed the US raid to go forward undetected. Parliament also called for the US to end its drone attacks, four of which have occurred in the country since bin Laden was killed, Reuters reports.
Original Summary: Pakistan's parliament has condemned the US raid that killed Osama bin Laden and passed a resolution to revisit ties with the US, warning that supply lines to US troops in Afghanistan could be cut if there are any more such attacks. Pakistan's intelligence chief denounced the raid and threatened to resign over the incident, while also denying any links to militant groups and blaming an intelligence failure for bin Laden's presence in the country.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Pakistan's parliament has condemned the US raid that killed Osama bin Laden, and passed a resolution stating that Pakistan will revisit its ties with the US. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Supply lines to US troops in Afghanistan could be cut if there are any more such attacks, parliament warned. The announcement came at the end of a heated 11-hour session held behind closed doors, the New York Times reports. Pakistan's intelligence chief denounced the US raid and said he was ready to resign over the incident. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. He also denied that Pakistan maintained links to militant groups, and blamed an intelligence failure for bin Laden's presence in the country. The session was meant to address military and intelligence failures that allowed the US raid to go forward undetected. Parliament also called for the US to end its drone attacks, four of which have occurred in the country since bin Laden was killed, Reuters reports.
Injected Summary: Pakistan's parliament has condemned the US raid that killed Osama bin Laden and passed a resolution to revisit its ties with the US, citing concerns about supply lines to US troops in Afghanistan and denying any links to militant groups. The parliament also called for an end to US drone attacks in the country, which have increased since bin Laden's death.
Original Story: – Yesterday marked the 69th anniversary of Auschwitz's liberation, and the New York Times marks the solemn occasion with a look at a less widely known fact about the Holocaust: At least 2 million of the 6 million Jews who were killed died not at Auschwitz or any other concentration camp. Instead, they perished in what some call a "Holocaust by bullets"—executions that occurred at thousands of Eastern European killing sites as mundane as forests, fields, and homes, the bodies deposited into unmarked mass graves. It's a side to the Holocaust that only started to emerge after the fall of the Soviet Union, as records and witness accounts slowly became available. The bulk of the killing—in places like Belarus, Ukraine, and Russia—began after the June 1941 Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union. "The further east the Wehrmacht went, the greater the killing," says an Austrian history professor who calls the executions "in a sense, invisible." The rare survivors were "terrorized and silenced" and in many cases "left behind the Iron Curtain," writes Alison Smale for the Times. To wit, a French priest who has spent a dozen years searching for witnesses, now with the help of 23 employees, says 90% of those interviewed have never discussed their experience before. In a 2009 interview with the AP, Rev. Patrick Desbois said his work had led him to more than 800 mass extermination sites, the bulk of which had been unidentified. He also uncovered horror upon horror: local children who were forced to bury the dead, and sadistic killings that went beyond firing squads, like throwing Jews alive onto bonfires or into wells. (Also in the news this week: a newly revealed Nazi trove of documents.)
Original Summary: At least 2 million of the 6 million Jews killed during the Holocaust died through "Holocaust by bullets" executions in Eastern Europe, rather than at concentration camps like Auschwitz. These executions occurred in thousands of locations, including forests, fields, and homes, and were often carried out by local populations, with rare survivors silenced and left behind the Iron Curtain.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Yesterday marked the 69th anniversary of Auschwitz's liberation, and the New York Times marks the solemn occasion with a look at a less widely known fact about the Holocaust: At least 2 million of the 6 million Jews who were killed died not at Auschwitz or any other concentration camp. Instead, they perished in what some call a "Holocaust by bullets"—executions that occurred at thousands of Eastern European killing sites as mundane as forests, fields, and homes, the bodies deposited into unmarked mass graves. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. It's a side to the Holocaust that only started to emerge after the fall of the Soviet Union, as records and witness accounts slowly became available. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The bulk of the killing—in places like Belarus, Ukraine, and Russia—began after the June 1941 Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union. "The further east the Wehrmacht went, the greater the killing," says an Austrian history professor who calls the executions "in a sense, invisible." The rare survivors were "terrorized and silenced" and in many cases "left behind the Iron Curtain," writes Alison Smale for the Times. To wit, a French priest who has spent a dozen years searching for witnesses, now with the help of 23 employees, says 90% of those interviewed have never discussed their experience before. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. In a 2009 interview with the AP, Rev. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. Patrick Desbois said his work had led him to more than 800 mass extermination sites, the bulk of which had been unidentified. He also uncovered horror upon horror: local children who were forced to bury the dead, and sadistic killings that went beyond firing squads, like throwing Jews alive onto bonfires or into wells. (Also in the news this week: a newly revealed Nazi trove of documents.)
Injected Summary: At least 2 million of the 6 million Jews killed during the Holocaust died through "Holocaust by bullets" executions in Eastern Europe, rather than at concentration camps like Auschwitz. A French priest has spent over a decade searching for witnesses to these executions, and has found that 90% of those interviewed had never spoken about their experiences before.
Original Story: – Dartmouth College's president has offered a stinging critique of his own school, saying that its future "is being hijacked by extreme behavior." In a speech last night, Philip Hanlon said sex assaults, rampant "dangerous drinking," and parties featuring "racist and sexist undertones" are undermining the Ivy League school's culture and image. "There is a grave disconnect between our culture in the classroom and the behaviors outside of it—behaviors which too often seek not to elevate the human spirit, but debase it," he said, citing a "general disregard for human dignity," the Boston Globe and Washington Post report per a copy of his prepared remarks. "It is time for Dartmouth to change." Indeed, the Post reports applications dropped 14% this year—the most in two decades—and the federal government is investigating Dartmouth along with 52 other colleges and universities over allegations of sex assaults, an Education Department spokeswoman says. Twenty-four forcible sex offenses were reported at Dartmouth in 2012; the previous year saw 15 reports. But Dartmouth isn't alone in its woes, says Hanlon, who took his post in June. "These are issues everywhere,” Hanlon said. "A prospective student or parent should be concerned if a campus is not talking about them.” As for those who believe such campus problems can't be fixed: "Dartmouth will prove them wrong," he said, per the Dartmouth. (Some pretty gross hazing allegations made waves at Dartmouth in 2012.)
Original Summary: Dartmouth College's president, Philip Hanlon, has criticized the school's culture, citing incidents of sexual assault, dangerous drinking, and parties with "racist and sexist undertones" that are undermining the school's image and reputation. Hanlon has stated that there is a disconnect between the school's academic culture and the behavior of its students outside of the classroom, and has vowed to address these issues in order to prove his critics wrong.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Dartmouth College's president has offered a stinging critique of his own school, saying that its future "is being hijacked by extreme behavior." In a speech last night, Philip Hanlon said sex assaults, rampant "dangerous drinking," and parties featuring "racist and sexist undertones" are undermining the Ivy League school's culture and image. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "There is a grave disconnect between our culture in the classroom and the behaviors outside of it—behaviors which too often seek not to elevate the human spirit, but debase it," he said, citing a "general disregard for human dignity," the Boston Globe and Washington Post report per a copy of his prepared remarks. "It is time for Dartmouth to change." Indeed, the Post reports applications dropped 14% this year—the most in two decades—and the federal government is investigating Dartmouth along with 52 other colleges and universities over allegations of sex assaults, an Education Department spokeswoman says. Twenty-four forcible sex offenses were reported at Dartmouth in 2012; the previous year saw 15 reports. But Dartmouth isn't alone in its woes, says Hanlon, who took his post in June. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "These are issues everywhere,” Hanlon said. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "A prospective student or parent should be concerned if a campus is not talking about them.” As for those who believe such campus problems can't be fixed: "Dartmouth will prove them wrong," he said, per the Dartmouth. (Some pretty gross hazing allegations made waves at Dartmouth in 2012. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.)
Injected Summary: Dartmouth College President Philip Hanlon has criticized the school's culture, citing incidents of sexual assault, dangerous drinking, and racist and sexist behavior, which he believes are undermining the school's image and reputation. He has called for change and stated that the school will prove its ability to address these issues.
Original Story: – Jon Stewart has long said he'd tired of the grind on The Daily Show and that his "dissatisfaction" led to his 2015 departure. But in a recent behind-the-scenes chat with Stewart's replacement, Trevor Noah, and other show staffers, Noah reveals Stewart was facing a stronger emotion than dissatisfaction. Noah says when he found out his boss was leaving, he confronted him to find out why, saying he'd fight for him if he was being forced out. But Stewart confessed he was "tired"—and more. "He said, 'I'm angry all the time,'" Noah says. "'I don't find any of this funny. I do not know how to make it funny right now, and I don't think the host of the show ... deserves a host who does not feel that it is funny.'" Stewart also told Noah to "relish the fact that you can make jokes about these things ... because there will come a day when you are too angry to laugh. But don't rush to get there. You're young and you're fresh." Noah appears to have taken Stewart's advice to heart. In an IndieWire interview last year, he said when people would ask him where his "rage" was, he'd answer: "Why would I be angry? What would my rage stem from?" Instead, he noted, he wants to connect with his audience in a more neutral way. "I am selling you a home and a little space that we can share together to process what is happening in our lives," he said, adding that he prefers to replace "rage" with "an incredulousness." Watch the entire hourlong panel here (the relevant bit starts around 28:30.)
Original Summary: Jon Stewart left The Daily Show in 2015 due to a stronger emotion than dissatisfaction, confessing to his replacement Trevor Noah that he was "angry all the time" and didn't find the situation funny. Stewart advised Noah to "relish" his ability to make jokes about serious issues but not to rush to become too angry, as it would eventually become difficult to find humor in them.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Jon Stewart has long said he'd tired of the grind on The Daily Show and that his "dissatisfaction" led to his 2015 departure. But in a recent behind-the-scenes chat with Stewart's replacement, Trevor Noah, and other show staffers, Noah reveals Stewart was facing a stronger emotion than dissatisfaction. Noah says when he found out his boss was leaving, he confronted him to find out why, saying he'd fight for him if he was being forced out. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. But Stewart confessed he was "tired"—and more. "He said, 'I'm angry all the time,'" Noah says. "'I don't find any of this funny. I do not know how to make it funny right now, and I don't think the host of the show . deserves a host who does not feel that it is funny.'" Stewart also told Noah to "relish the fact that you can make jokes about these things . because there will come a day when you are too angry to laugh. But don't rush to get there. You're young and you're fresh." Noah appears to have taken Stewart's advice to heart. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. In an IndieWire interview last year, he said when people would ask him where his "rage" was, he'd answer: "Why would I be angry?. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. What would my rage stem from?" Instead, he noted, he wants to connect with his audience in a more neutral way. "I am selling you a home and a little space that we can share together to process what is happening in our lives," he said, adding that he prefers to replace "rage" with "an incredulousness." Watch the entire hourlong panel here (the relevant bit starts around 28:30.). After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Jon Stewart confided in his replacement, Trevor Noah, that he was feeling "angry all the time" before leaving The Daily Show, rather than just dissatisfied. Noah has taken Stewart's advice to heart and aims to connect with his audience in a more neutral way, rather than relying on rage.
Original Story: – All 17 miners trapped overnight in an elevator more than 70 stories below ground have been rescued in upstate New York. Miners at the Cargill salt mine in Lansing were starting their shift around 10pm Wednesday when an elevator became jammed 775 feet down an access shaft, officials say. Cargill rep Mark Klein says no one was injured in the incident and rescue workers were in "constant contact" with the miners, per NBC News and the AP. Emergency crews, including the Ithaca Fire Department, worked through the night to deliver radios, heat packs, blankets, and water to the miners, per PIX11. A crane arrived from Auburn, NY, early Thursday and helped lift miners out of the shaft, reports the Ithaca Journal. The first four miners were lifted to the surface around 7am ET, according to a post on Ithaca Fire's Facebook page. Officials say they're investigating what caused the elevator to jam.
Original Summary: Seventeen miners trapped overnight in an elevator at a salt mine in upstate New York have been rescued after an elevator became jammed 775 feet down an access shaft. Emergency crews worked through the night to deliver supplies to the miners and lift them out of the shaft using a crane, with the first four miners being lifted to the surface around 7am ET.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– All 17 miners trapped overnight in an elevator more than 70 stories below ground have been rescued in upstate New York. Miners at the Cargill salt mine in Lansing were starting their shift around 10pm Wednesday when an elevator became jammed 775 feet down an access shaft, officials say. Cargill rep Mark Klein says no one was injured in the incident and rescue workers were in "constant contact" with the miners, per NBC News and the AP. Emergency crews, including the Ithaca Fire Department, worked through the night to deliver radios, heat packs, blankets, and water to the miners, per PIX11. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. A crane arrived from Auburn, NY, early Thursday and helped lift miners out of the shaft, reports the Ithaca Journal. The first four miners were lifted to the surface around 7am ET, according to a post on Ithaca Fire's Facebook page. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Officials say they're investigating what caused the elevator to jam.
Injected Summary: Seventeen miners trapped overnight in an elevator at a salt mine in upstate New York have been rescued after an elevator became jammed 775 feet down an access shaft. Emergency crews worked through the night to deliver supplies to the miners and used a crane to lift them to the surface, with the first four miners being lifted around 7am ET.
Original Story: – A post yesterday on the Spokane NAACP's Facebook page indicated that the meeting between beleaguered president Rachel Dolezal and NAACP board members had been postponed. But some of those members are now saying Dolezal doesn't have the authority to put off said meeting. The Spokesman-Review reports that in an email sent to Dolezal and other NAACP members, Lawrence Burnley, chair of the group's executive committee, wrote, "I don't see any language in the by-laws that empowers you, or any one member, to arbitrarily cancel/postpone [Monday's] meeting." When the Washington Post reached out to Burnley via email, he replied, "I am not interested in making any other comments regarding this situation at this time. Thank you!" Another board member, Justin Pimsanguan, had even harsher words, saying in an email the meeting should go on whether or not Dolezal shows up, because the NAACP still has other work, per KXLY. "Although many members including myself are anxiously waiting for an explanation and apology from President Dolezol [sic] … our meeting time should be for the chapter to discuss relevant issues pertaining to the advancement of colored people, and not be completely consumed by the strange information surfacing about our current president," he writes. He also mentions Dolezal should "address the chapter, the community and the nation on her own time," laments how "the nation is laughing at us," and calls attention to a MoveOn.org petition calling for Dolezal to take a leave of absence. Meanwhile, comedian Dave Chappelle tells the Post he won't joke about Dolezal right now because "a lot of comedians" will be doing it, and he thinks "her rebuttal will be illuminating."
Original Summary: The meeting between NAACP president Rachel Dolezal and board members has been postponed, but some members are questioning Dolezal's authority to do so. Despite this, the meeting is still scheduled to take place, with board members planning to discuss issues relevant to the advancement of colored people, regardless of Dolezal's attendance.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A post yesterday on the Spokane NAACP's Facebook page indicated that the meeting between beleaguered president Rachel Dolezal and NAACP board members had been postponed. But some of those members are now saying Dolezal doesn't have the authority to put off said meeting. The Spokesman-Review reports that in an email sent to Dolezal and other NAACP members, Lawrence Burnley, chair of the group's executive committee, wrote, "I don't see any language in the by-laws that empowers you, or any one member, to arbitrarily cancel/postpone [Monday's] meeting." When the Washington Post reached out to Burnley via email, he replied, "I am not interested in making any other comments regarding this situation at this time. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Thank you!" Another board member, Justin Pimsanguan, had even harsher words, saying in an email the meeting should go on whether or not Dolezal shows up, because the NAACP still has other work, per KXLY. "Although many members including myself are anxiously waiting for an explanation and apology from President Dolezol [sic] … our meeting time should be for the chapter to discuss relevant issues pertaining to the advancement of colored people, and not be completely consumed by the strange information surfacing about our current president," he writes. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. He also mentions Dolezal should "address the chapter, the community and the nation on her own time," laments how "the nation is laughing at us," and calls attention to a MoveOn. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.org petition calling for Dolezal to take a leave of absence. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. Meanwhile, comedian Dave Chappelle tells the Post he won't joke about Dolezal right now because "a lot of comedians" will be doing it, and he thinks "her rebuttal will be illuminating."
Injected Summary: The meeting between NAACP president Rachel Dolezal and board members has been postponed, but some members are questioning Dolezal's authority to do so. Despite this, the meeting is expected to go on as scheduled, with board members discussing issues related to the advancement of colored people.
Original Story: – Looks like Barclays wasn't the only one gaming the Libor system. Investigators are looking into an alleged conspiracy in which traders around the world worked together to rig Libor to boost their personal profits, the Wall Street Journal reports. Several different groups were allegedly working to rig the rate from 2005 to 2011, with the practice spreading as traders switched banks. One cabal alone involved six of the 16 banks that set the daily yen Libor rate. Prosecutors in the US and Europe are close to arresting a number of traders over the scandal, sources tell Reuters—indeed, some of the suspects' lawyers have already been notified of impending arrests. The arrests could take pressure off the banks, making the rate-fixing look more like individual malfeasance than systematic corporate wrongdoing. Meanwhile, Bloomberg reports that regulators from Switzerland to South Korea to Japan are looking into the possibility that their rates might be vulnerable to foul play.
Original Summary: Investigations into Libor rate-rigging have uncovered an alleged global conspiracy among traders to manipulate the rate from 2005 to 2011, with multiple groups working together to boost personal profits. Prosecutors are close to arresting several traders, which could shift focus away from the banks and onto individual malfeasance.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Looks like Barclays wasn't the only one gaming the Libor system. Investigators are looking into an alleged conspiracy in which traders around the world worked together to rig Libor to boost their personal profits, the Wall Street Journal reports. Several different groups were allegedly working to rig the rate from 2005 to 2011, with the practice spreading as traders switched banks. One cabal alone involved six of the 16 banks that set the daily yen Libor rate. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Prosecutors in the US and Europe are close to arresting a number of traders over the scandal, sources tell Reuters—indeed, some of the suspects' lawyers have already been notified of impending arrests. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The arrests could take pressure off the banks, making the rate-fixing look more like individual malfeasance than systematic corporate wrongdoing. Meanwhile, Bloomberg reports that regulators from Switzerland to South Korea to Japan are looking into the possibility that their rates might be vulnerable to foul play.
Injected Summary: Investigators are looking into an alleged conspiracy among traders to rig Libor rates from 2005 to 2011, with multiple groups working together to boost personal profits. Prosecutors in the US and Europe are close to arresting several traders over the scandal, which could potentially take pressure off banks and make the rate-fixing appear more like individual malfeasance than systematic corporate wrongdoing.
Original Story: – Protest takes many forms, and for some 54,000 followers on Instagram, that form is the nipple. Only female nipples are banned on Instagram, and critics who see that as a double-standard have launched the Genderless Nipples account to encourage people to post close-ups of their own. "You can’t even tell the difference between male and female nipples," the founders write. "So why even bother banning female nipples if they can be so similar?" The Guardian reports the campaign is the brainchild of three advertising students in New York inspired to action by what they saw as the "horrible" tenor of discussions involving women during the presidential election. "What better way to start spreading a message of gender equality than pointing out the rules of social networks?" the trio tell the Huffington Post. In six weeks, the account has racked up 70 posts showing nipples in various forms: red, brown, pierced, tattooed, even with a beetle perched on top. To make the cut, nipples should be hairless, with the photo taken from "Coke can" distance. The Verge notes that Instagram and Facebook have faced a wave of criticism for censoring female nudity, including historical images. Instagram, owned by Facebook, even once removed a shot of a cake because it thought its decorations resembled nipples, per the Daily Dot. In a previous protest, women posted selfies with male nipples Photoshopped over their own, notes Mashable. (Celebs such as Scout Willis are on board.)
Original Summary: A new Instagram account, Genderless Nipples, has been created to challenge the platform's ban on female nipples by posting close-up images of various nipples, including those of men, to highlight the double standard. The account has gained 70 posts in six weeks, featuring nipples in different forms, and has gained support from celebrities such as Scout Willis.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Protest takes many forms, and for some 54,000 followers on Instagram, that form is the nipple. Only female nipples are banned on Instagram, and critics who see that as a double-standard have launched the Genderless Nipples account to encourage people to post close-ups of their own. "You can’t even tell the difference between male and female nipples," the founders write. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "So why even bother banning female nipples if they can be so similar?" The Guardian reports the campaign is the brainchild of three advertising students in New York inspired to action by what they saw as the "horrible" tenor of discussions involving women during the presidential election. "What better way to start spreading a message of gender equality than pointing out the rules of social networks?" the trio tell the Huffington Post. In six weeks, the account has racked up 70 posts showing nipples in various forms: red, brown, pierced, tattooed, even with a beetle perched on top. To make the cut, nipples should be hairless, with the photo taken from "Coke can" distance. The Verge notes that Instagram and Facebook have faced a wave of criticism for censoring female nudity, including historical images. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Instagram, owned by Facebook, even once removed a shot of a cake because it thought its decorations resembled nipples, per the Daily Dot. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. In a previous protest, women posted selfies with male nipples Photoshopped over their own, notes Mashable. (Celebs such as Scout Willis are on board.)
Injected Summary: A new Instagram account, Genderless Nipples, has been created to challenge the platform's ban on female nipples by posting close-up images of various nipples, including those of men, to highlight the double standard. The account has gained popularity with 70 posts in six weeks, featuring hairless nipples taken from a distance of a Coke can, and has sparked a wider conversation about gender equality and censorship on social media platforms.
Original Story: – "I have a judge who is a hater of Donald Trump," said Donald Trump at a Friday rally in San Diego. "A hater. He's a hater. ... [And he] happens to be, we believe, Mexican." Well, that judge—US District Judge Gonzalo Curiel—has just allowed the release of internal Trump University documents in part of a continuing lawsuit against the school, Reuters reports. In his Friday order, Curiel agreed to a Washington Post request for documents that include "playbooks" designed to tell school sales staff how to market pricey courses about achieving real-estate success. Trump's attorneys say the documents will reveal trade secrets, but Curiel argues that at least one playbook already appeared in Politico, and Trump's school is, at the moment, closed. Curiel also said the playbooks have no commercial value, "given the lack of any support for the statement that Trump University 'may' resume operations." His ruling is part of a continuing lawsuit against Trump U, one of two claiming the school bilked customers out of millions by saying they would learn Trump's real-estate techniques. Little wonder the presumptive GOP nominee addressed the San Diego lawsuits on the campaign trail Friday. "We're in front of a very hostile judge," he said. "The judge was appointed by Barack Obama." As for Trump's "Mexican" remark, Curiel was born in Indiana, got his degree at the Indiana University School of Law, and is an American. (Trump U is also facing another lawsuit to the tune of $40 million.)
Original Summary: A US District Judge, Gonzalo Curiel, has allowed the release of internal Trump University documents in a lawsuit against the school, despite Trump's attorneys claiming they contain trade secrets. Curiel was born in Indiana and is an American, despite Trump's comment that he is "Mexican."
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– "I have a judge who is a hater of Donald Trump," said Donald Trump at a Friday rally in San Diego. "A hater. He's a hater. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. . [And he] happens to be, we believe, Mexican." Well, that judge—US District Judge Gonzalo Curiel—has just allowed the release of internal Trump University documents in part of a continuing lawsuit against the school, Reuters reports. In his Friday order, Curiel agreed to a Washington Post request for documents that include "playbooks" designed to tell school sales staff how to market pricey courses about achieving real-estate success. Trump's attorneys say the documents will reveal trade secrets, but Curiel argues that at least one playbook already appeared in Politico, and Trump's school is, at the moment, closed. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Curiel also said the playbooks have no commercial value, "given the lack of any support for the statement that Trump University 'may' resume operations. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." His ruling is part of a continuing lawsuit against Trump U, one of two claiming the school bilked customers out of millions by saying they would learn Trump's real-estate techniques. Little wonder the presumptive GOP nominee addressed the San Diego lawsuits on the campaign trail Friday. "We're in front of a very hostile judge," he said. "The judge was appointed by Barack Obama." As for Trump's "Mexican" remark, Curiel was born in Indiana, got his degree at the Indiana University School of Law, and is an American. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. (Trump U is also facing another lawsuit to the tune of $40 million.)
Injected Summary: A US District Judge, Gonzalo Curiel, has allowed the release of internal Trump University documents in a lawsuit against the school, despite Trump's attorneys claiming they contain trade secrets. Curiel was born in Indiana and is an American, despite Trump's comment that he is "Mexican."
Original Story: – Harriet Krzykowski felt abandoned—and terrified. A new counselor at Dade Correctional Institution's mental-health ward in 2010, the then-30-year-old heard about guards taunting and starving inmates, so she told her superior. That's when guards began abandoning Krzykowski in areas packed with potentially dangerous prisoners. "It scared the hell out of me," she tells the New Yorker. She realized how risky it was to complain about abuse at the Florida prison, where workers relied on guards for safety. So like most other counselors, Krzykowski said nothing when inmates were periodically tortured and beaten in the run-down, mildewed, cockroach-ridden facility. Then, in 2012, guards killed schizophrenic Darren Rainey by hosing him down with 180-degree water in a locked shower stall. Krzykowski still kept quiet, but encouraged a prisoner to cope with Rainey's death by writing about it in his diary. The prisoner later filed complaints about the killing, which led to Miami Herald reports and a lawsuit that forced changes at Dade, like a new camera system and improved guard training—though one source says prisoners there still get poor treatment. Now the Justice Department is investigating whether there's a wider abuse pattern in Florida prisons. Caught in the middle are people like Krzykowski, who quit Dade in 2013 and lost most of her hair from stress. "There was one particular night I couldn’t sleep because I was crying too hard, thinking, oh, my God, all this time has gone by and I didn’t say anything," she says. "These guys are still suffering. They're still there. Why didn’t I do more?" (An ex-Riker's Island inmate says two years of solitary ruined her life.)
Original Summary: Harriet Krzykowski, a mental health counselor at Dade Correctional Institution in 2010, reported guards' abuse of inmates to her superior, leading to retaliation and abandonment by guards. Despite the risk, Krzykowski continued to work at the facility and encouraged a prisoner to write about the death of an inmate, which led to investigations and changes in the prison.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Harriet Krzykowski felt abandoned—and terrified. A new counselor at Dade Correctional Institution's mental-health ward in 2010, the then-30-year-old heard about guards taunting and starving inmates, so she told her superior. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. That's when guards began abandoning Krzykowski in areas packed with potentially dangerous prisoners. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "It scared the hell out of me," she tells the New Yorker. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. She realized how risky it was to complain about abuse at the Florida prison, where workers relied on guards for safety. So like most other counselors, Krzykowski said nothing when inmates were periodically tortured and beaten in the run-down, mildewed, cockroach-ridden facility. Then, in 2012, guards killed schizophrenic Darren Rainey by hosing him down with 180-degree water in a locked shower stall. Krzykowski still kept quiet, but encouraged a prisoner to cope with Rainey's death by writing about it in his diary. The prisoner later filed complaints about the killing, which led to Miami Herald reports and a lawsuit that forced changes at Dade, like a new camera system and improved guard training—though one source says prisoners there still get poor treatment. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. Now the Justice Department is investigating whether there's a wider abuse pattern in Florida prisons. Caught in the middle are people like Krzykowski, who quit Dade in 2013 and lost most of her hair from stress. "There was one particular night I couldn’t sleep because I was crying too hard, thinking, oh, my God, all this time has gone by and I didn’t say anything," she says. "These guys are still suffering. They're still there. Why didn’t I do more?" (An ex-Riker's Island inmate says two years of solitary ruined her life.)
Injected Summary: Harriet Krzykowski, a counselor at a Florida prison, witnessed guards taunting and starving inmates, and when she spoke up, she was retaliated against by being left alone with dangerous prisoners. Despite the risk, she encouraged a prisoner to write about the abuse, which led to investigations and changes at the facility, but she still struggles with the guilt of not doing more to help.
Original Story: – British cops have charged a 35-year-old man with hacking the iCloud account of Pippa Middleton—complete with some 3,000 images—then promptly trying to sell its contents to two UK tabloids for about $65,000, reports the BBC. The thief contacted the Sun and the Daily Mail under the pseudonym "Crafty Cockney," claiming to have images of Middleton at a wedding dress fitting, naked pics of her fiance, as well as photos of her famous sister and niece Princess Charlotte and nephew Prince George. The man was arrested in central England on suspicion of violating the Computer Misuse Act, notes CNN.
Original Summary: A 35-year-old man has been charged with hacking into Pippa Middleton's iCloud account and attempting to sell private images to UK tabloids for $65,000. The hacked images included photos of Middleton at a wedding dress fitting, her fiancé, as well as her sister and nephew and niece, Prince George and Princess Charlotte.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– British cops have charged a 35-year-old man with hacking the iCloud account of Pippa Middleton—complete with some 3,000 images—then promptly trying to sell its contents to two UK tabloids for about $65,000, reports the BBC. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The thief contacted the Sun and the Daily Mail under the pseudonym "Crafty Cockney," claiming to have images of Middleton at a wedding dress fitting, naked pics of her fiance, as well as photos of her famous sister and niece Princess Charlotte and nephew Prince George. The man was arrested in central England on suspicion of violating the Computer Misuse Act, notes CNN.
Injected Summary: A 35-year-old man has been charged with hacking into Pippa Middleton's iCloud account and attempting to sell private images to UK tabloids for $65,000. The man, who contacted the Sun and Daily Mail under the pseudonym "Crafty Cockney," allegedly had access to over 3,000 images, including naked photos of Middleton's fiancé and private photos of her sister and nephew and niece.
Original Story: – The first TSA employee killed on duty since the agency was created after 9/11 has been identified as 39-year-old Gerardo Hernandez. “It’s devastating because he was such a great guy," a friend tells NBC Los Angeles."All he talked about was his family." Hernandez, a "behavior-detection officer" tasked with looking for suspicious passengers, had a son and daughter, reports CBS Los Angeles. He is the lone fatality from yesterday's shooting inside LAX. Two other TSA workers were hurt in the shooting, reports AP, and their conditions aren't known. Another person suffered a broken ankle amid the chaos. Suspect Paul Ciancia was shot multiple times and remains hospitalized as authorities try to sort out his motive. As reported earlier, he carried a note expressing "disappointment with the government," particularly the NSA, notes the LA Times. He had reportedly texted a sibling back in New Jersey that he was ready to die.
Original Summary: Gerardo Hernandez, a 39-year-old TSA employee, was identified as the first TSA employee killed on duty since the agency was created after 9/11. Hernandez, a behavior-detection officer, was shot and killed at LAX airport, along with two other TSA workers who were injured, and a person who suffered a broken ankle during the chaos.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The first TSA employee killed on duty since the agency was created after 9/11 has been identified as 39-year-old Gerardo Hernandez. “It’s devastating because he was such a great guy," a friend tells NBC Los Angeles."All he talked about was his family." Hernandez, a "behavior-detection officer" tasked with looking for suspicious passengers, had a son and daughter, reports CBS Los Angeles. He is the lone fatality from yesterday's shooting inside LAX. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Two other TSA workers were hurt in the shooting, reports AP, and their conditions aren't known. Another person suffered a broken ankle amid the chaos. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Suspect Paul Ciancia was shot multiple times and remains hospitalized as authorities try to sort out his motive. As reported earlier, he carried a note expressing "disappointment with the government," particularly the NSA, notes the LA Times. He had reportedly texted a sibling back in New Jersey that he was ready to die.
Injected Summary: Gerardo Hernandez, a 39-year-old TSA employee, was identified as the first TSA employee killed on duty since the agency was created after 9/11. Hernandez, a behavior-detection officer, was shot and killed at LAX airport, along with two other TSA workers who were injured, and a suspect who was hospitalized with multiple gunshot wounds.
Original Story: – Los Angeles police today released the name of a suspect in the kidnapping of a 10-year-old girl who was found hours later wandering around with scrapes and bruises, NBC Los Angeles reports. Police named Tobias Summers, 30, a recently released prisoner with a rap sheet dating back to 2002. Summer was let out last July as part of a program designed to reduce overcrowding in California prisons. Working with the FBI, dozens of police investigators have been putting in extra hours since the case broke Wednesday, the AP reports. See more on the abduction and possible sexual assault here.
Original Summary: A suspect, Tobias Summers, 30, has been named in the kidnapping of a 10-year-old girl who was found hours later with scrapes and bruises. Summers, a recently released prisoner with a criminal history dating back to 2002, was let out of prison last July as part of a program to reduce overcrowding in California prisons.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Los Angeles police today released the name of a suspect in the kidnapping of a 10-year-old girl who was found hours later wandering around with scrapes and bruises, NBC Los Angeles reports. Police named Tobias Summers, 30, a recently released prisoner with a rap sheet dating back to 2002. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Summer was let out last July as part of a program designed to reduce overcrowding in California prisons. Working with the FBI, dozens of police investigators have been putting in extra hours since the case broke Wednesday, the AP reports. See more on the abduction and possible sexual assault here.
Injected Summary: A suspect, Tobias Summers, 30, has been named in the kidnapping of a 10-year-old girl who was found hours later with scrapes and bruises. Summers has a criminal record dating back to 2002 and was released from prison last July as part of a program to reduce overcrowding in California prisons.
Original Story: – A day after calling the Iran nuclear deal an "embarrassment" and "one of the worst and most one-sided transactions" in US history, President Trump says he's made a decision on the future of the deal. But he wouldn't say what that decision is, ABC News reports. "I have decided," Trump told reporters Wednesday. "I'll let you know what the decision is." The Iran nuclear deal was done under President Obama and allows Iran to have limited nuclear development in exchange for easing of sanctions on the country. Gen. John Hyten, the top general in US Strategic Command, says Iran is upholding its part of the bargain. “The facts are that Iran is operating under the agreements the we signed up for," the Hill quotes Hyten as saying Wednesday. In his own speech to the UN on Wednesday, Hassan Rouhani called Trump's Tuesday speech to the international body—in which the American president labeled Iran a "murderous regime"—"ignorant, absurd, and hateful," the Washington Post reports. The Iranian president didn't mention Trump by name, instead referring to him as a "rogue newcomer to the world of politics." Rouhani said Iran is seeking peace and won't be the first to leave the nuclear deal. He later told reporters Iran doesn't expect the US to back out of the deal either, according to Reuters. “We don’t think Trump will walk out of the deal despite (his) rhetoric and propaganda,” Rouhani said.
Original Summary: President Trump has announced a decision on the future of the Iran nuclear deal, but refused to disclose it, despite earlier calling the agreement an "embarrassment" and "one of the worst and most one-sided transactions" in US history. Top US military officials have confirmed that Iran is upholding its end of the bargain, with General John Hyten saying Iran is operating under the agreed terms.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A day after calling the Iran nuclear deal an "embarrassment" and "one of the worst and most one-sided transactions" in US history, President Trump says he's made a decision on the future of the deal. But he wouldn't say what that decision is, ABC News reports. "I have decided," Trump told reporters Wednesday. "I'll let you know what the decision is. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." The Iran nuclear deal was done under President Obama and allows Iran to have limited nuclear development in exchange for easing of sanctions on the country. Gen. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. John Hyten, the top general in US Strategic Command, says Iran is upholding its part of the bargain. “The facts are that Iran is operating under the agreements the we signed up for," the Hill quotes Hyten as saying Wednesday. In his own speech to the UN on Wednesday, Hassan Rouhani called Trump's Tuesday speech to the international body—in which the American president labeled Iran a "murderous regime"—"ignorant, absurd, and hateful," the Washington Post reports. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. The Iranian president didn't mention Trump by name, instead referring to him as a "rogue newcomer to the world of politics." Rouhani said Iran is seeking peace and won't be the first to leave the nuclear deal. He later told reporters Iran doesn't expect the US to back out of the deal either, according to Reuters. “We don’t think Trump will walk out of the deal despite (his) rhetoric and propaganda,” Rouhani said.
Injected Summary: President Trump has made a decision on the future of the Iran nuclear deal, but he refused to disclose it, while Iranian President Hassan Rouhani criticized Trump's speech at the UN as "ignorant, absurd, and hateful." General John Hyten, the top general in US Strategic Command, confirmed that Iran is upholding its end of the bargain.
Original Story: – Looks like David Letterman will have to save that "Top 10 Things That Really Happened to Brian Williams' Helicopter" list for another time: The NBC anchor has canceled his scheduled Thursday appearance on the Late Show, reports the Los Angeles Times. An NBC exec says the anchor, who's on hiatus amid questions over Iraq and Hurricane Katrina stories, decided to pull out of the Letterman appearance because it's not clear when he will return to NBC Nightly News. In 2013, Williams appeared on Letterman's show and shared his false story about being in a helicopter that was hit by RPG fire in Iraq, Mediaite reports.
Original Summary: David Letterman's scheduled Thursday appearance on the Late Show with NBC anchor Brian Williams has been canceled due to Williams' hiatus amid questions over his Iraq and Hurricane Katrina stories. Williams previously appeared on Letterman's show in 2013 and shared a false story about being in a helicopter hit by RPG fire in Iraq.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Looks like David Letterman will have to save that "Top 10 Things That Really Happened to Brian Williams' Helicopter" list for another time: The NBC anchor has canceled his scheduled Thursday appearance on the Late Show, reports the Los Angeles Times. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. An NBC exec says the anchor, who's on hiatus amid questions over Iraq and Hurricane Katrina stories, decided to pull out of the Letterman appearance because it's not clear when he will return to NBC Nightly News. In 2013, Williams appeared on Letterman's show and shared his false story about being in a helicopter that was hit by RPG fire in Iraq, Mediaite reports.
Injected Summary: David Letterman's Thursday night appearance on the Late Show with David Letterman has been canceled due to NBC anchor Brian Williams' hiatus amid questions over his Iraq and Hurricane Katrina stories. Williams previously appeared on Letterman's show in 2013 and shared a false story about being in a helicopter hit by RPG fire in Iraq.
Original Story: – The number of Americans who think the rich and poor are in serious conflict has exploded over the past two years, with a whopping 67% now rating conflicts between the classes as either "strong" or "very strong," according to a new Pew Research poll—a 19-point jump from 2009. That means the public sees class as an even bigger source of conflict than immigration, race relations, or generational differences. "It's kind of amazing," the study's author tells the Washington Post, noting that perception of the conflict's intensity is up as well—the number of people considering tensions "very strong" doubled to 30%. "That's what makes it striking and politically important." Still, not everyone who saw the tensions condemned the rich; 43% believe most wealthy people got that way through "their own hard work," just behind the 46% who believe it's because "they know the right people or were born into wealthy families."
Original Summary: According to a Pew Research poll, a significant increase in Americans (67%) perceive conflicts between the rich and poor as either "strong" or "very strong," surpassing other sources of conflict such as immigration, race relations, and generational differences. This perception is driven by a 19-point jump from 2009, with a notable increase in the number of people considering tensions "very strong" (from 15% to 30%).
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The number of Americans who think the rich and poor are in serious conflict has exploded over the past two years, with a whopping 67% now rating conflicts between the classes as either "strong" or "very strong," according to a new Pew Research poll—a 19-point jump from 2009. That means the public sees class as an even bigger source of conflict than immigration, race relations, or generational differences. "It's kind of amazing," the study's author tells the Washington Post, noting that perception of the conflict's intensity is up as well—the number of people considering tensions "very strong" doubled to 30%. "That's what makes it striking and politically important. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." Still, not everyone who saw the tensions condemned the rich; 43% believe most wealthy people got that way through "their own hard work," just behind the 46% who believe it's because "they know the right people or were born into wealthy families. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars."
Injected Summary: According to a Pew Research poll, 67% of Americans believe there is a strong or very strong conflict between the rich and poor, a 19-point increase from 2009. This perception of class conflict is greater than conflicts related to immigration, race relations, or generational differences, with 43% of respondents believing the wealthy got their wealth through hard work and 46% believing it's due to their connections or birth.
Original Story: – We've heard of not getting along with your in-laws, but one UK woman took things exceptionally far: She didn't like her brother's fiancee, so she pretended to be the woman, called up the Plymouth Registry Office, and canceled the wedding. Needless to say, things did not end well for Ann Duffy; this week she was sent to jail for eight weeks, the BBC reports. She was also slapped with a restraining order by the brother's now-wife. Even weirder: She's reportedly the one who introduced the pair back in 2012. After making the call, the 50-year-old called her brother and told him, "I have saved you from a divorce. I have canceled your wedding. Would you like me to send you the confirmation email?" Instead, the man called the police, and he and his wife-to-be reinstated the ceremony, which took place in November; the Mail adds that Duffy showed up at the registry office on the happy day and "showered" the couple with "abuse." Duffy apparently dislikes her sister-in-law for "trying to take her brother away"; there was also friction over how to care for Duffy's ailing mother.
Original Summary: A 50-year-old woman in the UK pretended to be her brother's fiancée and canceled their wedding by calling the registry office, resulting in her being sent to jail for eight weeks and a restraining order. The woman, Ann Duffy, had previously introduced the couple in 2012 and had been in conflict with her sister-in-law over caring for their ailing mother and her own feelings of being "taken away" from her brother.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– We've heard of not getting along with your in-laws, but one UK woman took things exceptionally far: She didn't like her brother's fiancee, so she pretended to be the woman, called up the Plymouth Registry Office, and canceled the wedding. Needless to say, things did not end well for Ann Duffy; this week she was sent to jail for eight weeks, the BBC reports. She was also slapped with a restraining order by the brother's now-wife. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Even weirder: She's reportedly the one who introduced the pair back in 2012. After making the call, the 50-year-old called her brother and told him, "I have saved you from a divorce. I have canceled your wedding. Would you like me to send you the confirmation email?" Instead, the man called the police, and he and his wife-to-be reinstated the ceremony, which took place in November; the Mail adds that Duffy showed up at the registry office on the happy day and "showered" the couple with "abuse." Duffy apparently dislikes her sister-in-law for "trying to take her brother away"; there was also friction over how to care for Duffy's ailing mother. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: A UK woman, Ann Duffy, pretended to be her brother's fiancée and canceled their wedding by calling the registry office, resulting in her being sent to jail for eight weeks and slapped with a restraining order. Duffy had previously introduced the couple in 2012 and had been in conflict with her sister-in-law over her brother's relationship and how to care for their ailing mother.
Original Story: – Imagine someone parading naked on the grave of your relative. That's what the Maori of New Zealand accuse a Playboy model of doing atop Mount Taranaki, a volcano that the Maori consider an ancestor. New Zealand native Jaylene Cook, 25—who appeared in Playboy Mexico in January—climbed the mountain on April 26, stripped off her clothes, then posed for a photo showing her looking out over the clouds, reports the BBC. Cook says she and her photographer boyfriend were aware of the significance of Taranaki and "wanted to embrace the mountain in the purest form we could," per Maori Television. She believes the photo, shared with her 300,000 Instagram followers, was empowering. The Maori not so much. "It's like someone went into St. Peter's Basilica in the Vatican and took a nude photo," says a rep for the local tribe, calling the whole incident "just very inappropriate." A local mayor agrees, noting it's the location of the photo that's offensive. As a government website explains, "the crater and summit is the sacred head of Taranaki ... Respect the mountain. Do not stand directly on the summit stone." But Cook tells Stuff.co.nz she and her boyfriend "were quite respectful" and specifically avoided that summit. "Being nude is not something that is offensive in any way," she adds. Offensive? Debatable. Chilly? Yes. Cook says the temperature atop the mountain was 12 degrees, but the sun was shining "so it was not too bad." (Jennifer Lawrence messed with a sacred rock.)
Original Summary: A Playboy model sparked outrage among the Maori tribe in New Zealand after posing naked on top of Mount Taranaki, a sacred mountain considered an ancestor by the Maori people. The model, Jaylene Cook, and her photographer boyfriend climbed the mountain and took a photo of her looking out over the clouds, but the Maori consider the act disrespectful and offensive.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Imagine someone parading naked on the grave of your relative. That's what the Maori of New Zealand accuse a Playboy model of doing atop Mount Taranaki, a volcano that the Maori consider an ancestor. New Zealand native Jaylene Cook, 25—who appeared in Playboy Mexico in January—climbed the mountain on April 26, stripped off her clothes, then posed for a photo showing her looking out over the clouds, reports the BBC. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Cook says she and her photographer boyfriend were aware of the significance of Taranaki and "wanted to embrace the mountain in the purest form we could," per Maori Television. She believes the photo, shared with her 300,000 Instagram followers, was empowering. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The Maori not so much. "It's like someone went into St. Peter's Basilica in the Vatican and took a nude photo," says a rep for the local tribe, calling the whole incident "just very inappropriate." A local mayor agrees, noting it's the location of the photo that's offensive. As a government website explains, "the crater and summit is the sacred head of Taranaki . Respect the mountain. Do not stand directly on the summit stone." But Cook tells Stuff.co.nz she and her boyfriend "were quite respectful" and specifically avoided that summit. "Being nude is not something that is offensive in any way," she adds. Offensive? Debatable. Chilly? Yes. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Cook says the temperature atop the mountain was 12 degrees, but the sun was shining "so it was not too bad." (Jennifer Lawrence messed with a sacred rock. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.)
Injected Summary: A Playboy model sparked outrage among the Maori people of New Zealand after posing naked on top of Mount Taranaki, a sacred mountain considered an ancestor by the Maori. The model, Jaylene Cook, and her photographer boyfriend climbed the mountain and took a photo of Cook looking out over the clouds, but the Maori consider the act to be disrespectful and offensive.
Original Story: – As more carbon dioxide enters the atmosphere compliments of global warming, crops will indeed grow faster, but Harvard scientists have stumbled upon a big downside, too. They placed "rings of carbon dioxide jets" amid rice, wheat, peas, and other crops around the world to study what happens when the air's carbon dioxide level increases from its current 400 parts per million to 500, which should happen over the next four to six decades—and found that while yields could balloon some 10%, "you get big plants but nothing to eat," one scientist not involved in the study trumpets to NBC News. That's because the plants ended up being less nutritious. In the case of wheat, zinc dropped 9%, protein 6%, and iron 5%. The researcher who headed up the study theorizes that the plant's increased yield could cause those nutrients to be, as NBC News puts it, diluted. That could mean that people would need to ingest more calories from these crops to get the same amount of nutrients, or that they'll eat the same amount and suffer from iron and zinc deficiencies, something NPR reports 2 billion people around the planet already experience. The former negatively impacts kids' IQ; the latter hampers the immune system. But researchers are working to solve the problem. They hope to create more nutrient-filled crop varieties through plant breeding; they've already succeeded with some rice and wheat varieties, though a USDA researcher says doing is a formidable challenge. (Click to see how scientists plan to feed the world meat in 2050.)
Original Summary:  the plants are less nutritious, with decreased levels of zinc, protein, and iron. Researchers are working to develop more nutrient-filled crop varieties through plant breeding, but it is a formidable challenge.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– As more carbon dioxide enters the atmosphere compliments of global warming, crops will indeed grow faster, but Harvard scientists have stumbled upon a big downside, too. They placed "rings of carbon dioxide jets" amid rice, wheat, peas, and other crops around the world to study what happens when the air's carbon dioxide level increases from its current 400 parts per million to 500, which should happen over the next four to six decades—and found that while yields could balloon some 10%, "you get big plants but nothing to eat," one scientist not involved in the study trumpets to NBC News. That's because the plants ended up being less nutritious. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. In the case of wheat, zinc dropped 9%, protein 6%, and iron 5%. The researcher who headed up the study theorizes that the plant's increased yield could cause those nutrients to be, as NBC News puts it, diluted. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. That could mean that people would need to ingest more calories from these crops to get the same amount of nutrients, or that they'll eat the same amount and suffer from iron and zinc deficiencies, something NPR reports 2 billion people around the planet already experience. The former negatively impacts kids' IQ; the latter hampers the immune system. But researchers are working to solve the problem. They hope to create more nutrient-filled crop varieties through plant breeding; they've already succeeded with some rice and wheat varieties, though a USDA researcher says doing is a formidable challenge. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. (Click to see how scientists plan to feed the world meat in 2050.)
Injected Summary: As global warming increases carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere, crops may grow faster, but they become less nutritious, with decreases in zinc, protein, and iron. Researchers are working to create more nutrient-filled crop varieties through plant breeding, but it is a formidable challenge, and the problem of less nutritious crops could lead to nutrient deficiencies for people who rely on them.
Original Story: – Irony alert: A guy who ran a website that trafficked in revenge porn and encouraged men to post unauthorized photos of exes is now asking Google to protect his privacy. Craig Brittain, who ran the website IsAnybodyDown.com before the FTC booted him from the business last month, wants Google to remove search results that point to photos of him and links to websites that carried stories about his legal troubles, reports the Verge. Brittain is invoking a copyright law called the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, but observers suggest he'd better not hold his breath. "In this instance, fair use and general First Amendment principles are on Google's and the media's side," writes David Kravets at ArsTechnica. The FTC accused Brittain of running a "takedown" service—charging people hundreds of dollars to have their images removed from the website—and that gives Consumerist an idea: "Perhaps each of the sites on Brittain’s DMCA list should take a lesson from him and offer to remove his images—for an extortionate fee." (Brittain is not the same "revenge porn pioneer" recently sentenced to prison.)
Original Summary: Craig Brittain, who ran a website that trafficked in revenge porn, is now asking Google to remove search results that point to photos of him and links to websites that carried stories about his legal troubles. However, observers suggest that Brittain's request is unlikely to be successful, as fair use and First Amendment principles are on Google's side.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Irony alert: A guy who ran a website that trafficked in revenge porn and encouraged men to post unauthorized photos of exes is now asking Google to protect his privacy. Craig Brittain, who ran the website IsAnybodyDown. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.com before the FTC booted him from the business last month, wants Google to remove search results that point to photos of him and links to websites that carried stories about his legal troubles, reports the Verge. Brittain is invoking a copyright law called the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, but observers suggest he'd better not hold his breath. "In this instance, fair use and general First Amendment principles are on Google's and the media's side," writes David Kravets at ArsTechnica. The FTC accused Brittain of running a "takedown" service—charging people hundreds of dollars to have their images removed from the website—and that gives Consumerist an idea: "Perhaps each of the sites on Brittain’s DMCA list should take a lesson from him and offer to remove his images—for an extortionate fee. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." (Brittain is not the same "revenge porn pioneer" recently sentenced to prison.)
Injected Summary: Craig Brittain, who ran a website that trafficked in revenge porn and was kicked off last month by the FTC, is now asking Google to remove search results linking to stories about his legal troubles. Observers suggest that Brittain's request under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act is unlikely to succeed, as fair use and First Amendment principles are on Google's side.
Original Story: – A toilet company that took a chance on a spray-and-wipe system is flush with success. Some 30 million once-squeamish consumers have scooped up a toilet that delivers a crotch-washing spray for cleanliness. The Washlet by the Toto company is a kind of bidet-toilet combo now found in some 70% of Japanese homes and several others around the world. Consumers were outraged by the first TV ad for the gadget in 1982 when a young Japanese woman stuck out her bottom and rubbed black paint on her hand to demonstrate the problem of using toilet paper to clean up gooey messes. Now Toto is credited with "single-handedly changing the way a nation conducts its private business," notes the Wall Street Journal. The only way to "convince people was to have them actually use it," said a spokeswoman for the company that placed the toilets in public bathrooms and employees' homes early on. Now the Washlet comes with a heated seat, six different sprays (front, back, male, female, as well as angle), motion sensors, a deodorizer and self-cleaning system. To check out a demonstration of the Washlet, click here or here. "It's weird, but it's actually very nice," gushes one YouTube reviewer.
Original Summary: A toilet company, Toto, took a chance on a spray-and-wipe system and has seen great success, with over 30 million consumers worldwide using their Washlet toilets. The Washlet has revolutionized the way people clean themselves after using the bathroom, with its crotch-washing spray, heated seat, and other features, and has become a standard in many Japanese homes and other countries around the world.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A toilet company that took a chance on a spray-and-wipe system is flush with success. Some 30 million once-squeamish consumers have scooped up a toilet that delivers a crotch-washing spray for cleanliness. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The Washlet by the Toto company is a kind of bidet-toilet combo now found in some 70% of Japanese homes and several others around the world. Consumers were outraged by the first TV ad for the gadget in 1982 when a young Japanese woman stuck out her bottom and rubbed black paint on her hand to demonstrate the problem of using toilet paper to clean up gooey messes. Now Toto is credited with "single-handedly changing the way a nation conducts its private business," notes the Wall Street Journal. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The only way to "convince people was to have them actually use it," said a spokeswoman for the company that placed the toilets in public bathrooms and employees' homes early on. Now the Washlet comes with a heated seat, six different sprays (front, back, male, female, as well as angle), motion sensors, a deodorizer and self-cleaning system. To check out a demonstration of the Washlet, click here or here. "It's weird, but it's actually very nice," gushes one YouTube reviewer. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: A toilet company, Toto, took a chance on a spray-and-wipe system and has seen great success, with over 30 million consumers using their Washlet toilets that provide a crotch-washing spray for cleanliness. The Washlet has become a standard in Japan and other countries, with its innovative features such as heated seats, multiple spray options, and self-cleaning system, and has single-handedly changed the way people conduct their private business.
Original Story: – Paula Broadwell is in the same camp as Edward Snowden in that she was shocked to hear David Petraeus is in the running for secretary of state under Donald Trump after pleading guilty to mishandling classified data. That's not to say she doesn't approve. "I think he should be able to go on with his life," she tells CBS News, but "why shouldn't I be able to go on?" After leaking classified information to Broadwell—who was his biographer and with whom he had an affair—Petraeus got two years' probation and a $100,000 fine. He faced no disciplinary action from the military and is now a White House adviser. Broadwell, an Army intelligence officer, was demoted, lost her top-secret security clearance, and received a formal reproof. At the Huffington Post, Emily Peck notes that, from the start, Broadwell was painted as "a 'mistress' … accused of bringing a man down and destroying his career" in a "sexist double standard." She's still waiting to hear if the Army will deliver additional punishments and accept her resignation, but she says she's since been denied a position with a major bank. "I was told by the military recruiter that it would be front-page news if I got hired at the bank, and the bank wouldn’t want to deal with that," Broadwell says, describing her situation as a "potential cancer hanging over my head," per the Post. Adds Sen. Claire McCaskill, per the Hill: "I think the two of them should be treated fairly, and there shouldn't be two standards." (Petraeus says he's learned from his mistake.)
Original Summary: Paula Broadwell, the biographer and former mistress of David Petraeus, is upset that he is in the running for Secretary of State under Donald Trump despite pleading guilty to mishandling classified data. She believes he should be able to move on with his life, but feels unfairly punished herself, having been demoted and lost her security clearance.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Paula Broadwell is in the same camp as Edward Snowden in that she was shocked to hear David Petraeus is in the running for secretary of state under Donald Trump after pleading guilty to mishandling classified data. That's not to say she doesn't approve. "I think he should be able to go on with his life," she tells CBS News, but "why shouldn't I be able to go on?" After leaking classified information to Broadwell—who was his biographer and with whom he had an affair—Petraeus got two years' probation and a $100,000 fine. He faced no disciplinary action from the military and is now a White House adviser. Broadwell, an Army intelligence officer, was demoted, lost her top-secret security clearance, and received a formal reproof. At the Huffington Post, Emily Peck notes that, from the start, Broadwell was painted as "a 'mistress' … accused of bringing a man down and destroying his career" in a "sexist double standard. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." She's still waiting to hear if the Army will deliver additional punishments and accept her resignation, but she says she's since been denied a position with a major bank. "I was told by the military recruiter that it would be front-page news if I got hired at the bank, and the bank wouldn’t want to deal with that," Broadwell says, describing her situation as a "potential cancer hanging over my head," per the Post. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Adds Sen. Claire McCaskill, per the Hill: "I think the two of them should be treated fairly, and there shouldn't be two standards. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis." (Petraeus says he's learned from his mistake.)
Injected Summary: Paula Broadwell, the biographer and former mistress of David Petraeus, is critical of the double standard in the treatment of Petraeus and herself after he pleaded guilty to mishandling classified data. Despite facing punishments such as a demotion, loss of security clearance, and formal reprimand, Petraeus has been appointed a White House adviser, while Broadwell is still waiting to hear if the Army will deliver additional punishments and accept her resignation.
Original Story: – A surprise champion has stepped up to call for improved attitudes about homosexuality—a short time after he blasted the British government for considering legalizing same-sex marriages. Britain's Archbishop of Canterbury has admonished Christians for their failure to overcome their "disgust" of homosexuality. The Church of England is in a "tangle" over the issue of homosexuality, the archbishop admitted in his most frank comments to date on the issue, reports the Telegraph. "What's frustrating is that we still have Christian people whose feelings about it are so strong, and sometimes so embarrassed and ashamed and disgusted, that that just sends out a message of unwelcome, of lack of understanding, of lack of patience," Archbishop Rowan Williams told a group of teenagers at an event at his official residence. Williams, who's stepping down from his post at the end of the year, added: "We're used to being alongside people who are gay; many of our friends may be—indeed we may be—wrestling with that issue ourselves, and the church is scratching its head and trying to work out where it is on all that." He also pointed to divisive attitudes in his church about appointing female bishops, which he said gives the impression that sex is "the only thing the church is interested in." The apparent support for gay acceptance came just weeks after the church and Williams sternly warned the government not to legalize same-sex marriage because it would "alter the intrinsic nature of marriage as the union of a man and a woman, as enshrined in human institutions throughout history," according to a church statement. Many believed Williams would strongly support gay rights as head of the Anglicans, but he has turned out to be generally more interested in preserving unity within the church than in fighting for controversial positions, notes the Guardian.
Original Summary: Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams, has called for improved attitudes towards homosexuality, despite his church's opposition to same-sex marriage. He acknowledged that some Christians still harbor strong feelings of disgust towards homosexuality, which he believes sends a message of unwelcome and lack of understanding.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A surprise champion has stepped up to call for improved attitudes about homosexuality—a short time after he blasted the British government for considering legalizing same-sex marriages. Britain's Archbishop of Canterbury has admonished Christians for their failure to overcome their "disgust" of homosexuality. The Church of England is in a "tangle" over the issue of homosexuality, the archbishop admitted in his most frank comments to date on the issue, reports the Telegraph. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "What's frustrating is that we still have Christian people whose feelings about it are so strong, and sometimes so embarrassed and ashamed and disgusted, that that just sends out a message of unwelcome, of lack of understanding, of lack of patience," Archbishop Rowan Williams told a group of teenagers at an event at his official residence. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Williams, who's stepping down from his post at the end of the year, added: "We're used to being alongside people who are gay; many of our friends may be—indeed we may be—wrestling with that issue ourselves, and the church is scratching its head and trying to work out where it is on all that." He also pointed to divisive attitudes in his church about appointing female bishops, which he said gives the impression that sex is "the only thing the church is interested in. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis." The apparent support for gay acceptance came just weeks after the church and Williams sternly warned the government not to legalize same-sex marriage because it would "alter the intrinsic nature of marriage as the union of a man and a woman, as enshrined in human institutions throughout history," according to a church statement. Many believed Williams would strongly support gay rights as head of the Anglicans, but he has turned out to be generally more interested in preserving unity within the church than in fighting for controversial positions, notes the Guardian.
Injected Summary: Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams, has called for improved attitudes towards homosexuality, despite his church's opposition to same-sex marriage. He acknowledged that some Christians still hold strong feelings of disgust towards homosexuality, which can create a negative atmosphere for those who identify as LGBTQ+.
Original Story: – The mother of slain 8-year-old Maddy Middleton doesn't blame the mother of alleged killer Adrian Jerry Gonzalez, 15. In fact, she says she's consoling her friend while dealing with the unimaginable loss of her daughter. Laura Jordan, Maddy's mom, says she found Reggie Factor on her knees at a memorial for Maddy, sobbing uncontrollably, cursing her son, and crying to God. Jordan knelt beside Factor, hugged her, and told her, "I love you, I don't blame you…It's not your fault," she tells the San Francisco Chronicle. "We both lost our children that day. That's the tragic truth." The community is continuing to mourn Maddy, found in a dumpster in Santa Cruz. Her mom remembers her as a small but feisty girl with the energy of "3½ kids in one." She was always social, her mom says. She was also an animal lover who had a soft spot for wolves. So on Friday, Jordan howled at the blue moon. She wasn't alone: howling could be heard across Santa Cruz as #HowlForMaddy spread online. Meanwhile, donations have been flowing to two GoFundMe pages set up for the family. Jordan hopes to donate to causes related to mental health and childhood sexual abuse, or even start her own charity. "My daughter was sacrificed, but she didn’t die in vain," Jordan says. "So much good is coming from her death." KRON reports Gonzalez, who next appears in court Sept. 21, may be linked to a November shooting threat at Santa Cruz High School, where he was a sophomore. A person claiming responsibility told the Santa Cruz Sentinel he had "crippling anxiety"—a phrase that recently appeared on Gonzalez's now-deleted Instagram account. (Click for more on the case.)
Original Summary: Laura Jordan, the mother of 8-year-old Maddy Middleton, who was found dead in a dumpster in Santa Cruz, does not blame the mother of Adrian Jerry Gonzalez, the 15-year-old accused of the crime, and instead offers her condolences to her friend. Jordan howled at the blue moon on Friday as part of the #HowlForMaddy movement, and donations have been flowing to two GoFundMe pages set up for the family, with the goal of donating to causes related to mental health and childhood sexual abuse.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The mother of slain 8-year-old Maddy Middleton doesn't blame the mother of alleged killer Adrian Jerry Gonzalez, 15. In fact, she says she's consoling her friend while dealing with the unimaginable loss of her daughter. Laura Jordan, Maddy's mom, says she found Reggie Factor on her knees at a memorial for Maddy, sobbing uncontrollably, cursing her son, and crying to God. Jordan knelt beside Factor, hugged her, and told her, "I love you, I don't blame you…It's not your fault," she tells the San Francisco Chronicle. "We both lost our children that day. That's the tragic truth." The community is continuing to mourn Maddy, found in a dumpster in Santa Cruz. Her mom remembers her as a small but feisty girl with the energy of "3½ kids in one." She was always social, her mom says. She was also an animal lover who had a soft spot for wolves. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. So on Friday, Jordan howled at the blue moon. She wasn't alone: howling could be heard across Santa Cruz as #HowlForMaddy spread online. Meanwhile, donations have been flowing to two GoFundMe pages set up for the family. Jordan hopes to donate to causes related to mental health and childhood sexual abuse, or even start her own charity. "My daughter was sacrificed, but she didn’t die in vain," Jordan says. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "So much good is coming from her death." KRON reports Gonzalez, who next appears in court Sept. 21, may be linked to a November shooting threat at Santa Cruz High School, where he was a sophomore. A person claiming responsibility told the Santa Cruz Sentinel he had "crippling anxiety"—a phrase that recently appeared on Gonzalez's now-deleted Instagram account. (Click for more on the case. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.)
Injected Summary: Laura Jordan, the mother of 8-year-old Maddy Middleton, who was found dead in a dumpster in Santa Cruz, does not blame the mother of the alleged killer, Adrian Jerry Gonzalez, and instead offers her condolences. Jordan howled at the blue moon and received support from the community, and donations have been made to GoFundMe pages set up for the family, with the hope of donating to causes related to mental health and childhood sexual abuse.
Original Story: – Friday was a day with a "y" in it, which meant there was another controversy involving Donald Trump. Hours after finally acknowledging that President Obama was born in the US, Trump told supporters in Miami that since Hillary Clinton supports gun control, her "heavily armed bodyguards" should lose their guns. "Take their guns away, let's see what happens to her," he said. "Take their guns away, OK? It'll be very dangerous. CNN notes that Trump has talked about disarming Clinton's Secret Service detail before, but this appears to be the first time he's speculated about violence. A round-up of coverage: The Guardian has more from the Miami rally, where Trump repeatedly veered off-script after taking the stage to a song from Les Miserables. Behind him, a huge screen showed a "Les Deplorables" poster. Aaron Blake at the Washington Post notes that while Trump and others have commented about disarming Clinton's bodyguards before, by talking about what would happen, Trump took a comment "that was worn and not all that interesting and spun it forward with just a few extra words, giving it new life by painting a more violent picture." The Miami Herald reports that Trump appears to have mastered the city's complicated politics: His Friday visit included promises to Cuban, Venezuelan, and Haitian-Americans. This isn't the first time Trump has apparently hinted at Clinton's assassination, and Clinton campaign spokesman Robby Mook says such remarks show that the Republican is unfit to be president. "Whether this is done to provoke protesters at a rally or casually or even as a joke, it is an unacceptable quality in anyone seeking the job of commander in chief," he said in a statement. Politico reports that upon reflection, members of the media have realized that Trump played them like a fiddle with yesterday's press conference announcing his stance on the Birther issue. Before he announced that he now believes Obama was born in the US—and blamed Clinton for starting the controversy—he bragged about his new hotel and turned the stage over to military veterans who delivered Trump endorsements for 20 minutes. "While these American heroes are ... much greater men than Rick Astley, it's hard to imagine this as anything other than a political Rick-roll," said CNN's Jake Tapper. The Washington Post takes a look at how prominent Birthers are reacting to Trump's announcement. Like Trump, many of them appear ready to blame Clinton and move on. "Birther queen" Orly Taitz says Trump's job right now is "to do whatever he possibly can to win the election," and the "conversation" about Obama's birthplace can be renewed later.
Original Summary: Donald Trump sparked controversy by suggesting that Hillary Clinton's heavily armed bodyguards should lose their guns, and Clinton campaign spokesman Robby Mook called the remark unacceptable and showed Trump's unfitness for the presidency. Trump has previously hinted at Clinton's assassination, and prominent Birthers are ready to move on from the issue of Obama's birthplace despite Trump's announcement that he now believes Obama was born in the US.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Friday was a day with a "y" in it, which meant there was another controversy involving Donald Trump. Hours after finally acknowledging that President Obama was born in the US, Trump told supporters in Miami that since Hillary Clinton supports gun control, her "heavily armed bodyguards" should lose their guns. "Take their guns away, let's see what happens to her," he said. "Take their guns away, OK? It'll be very dangerous. CNN notes that Trump has talked about disarming Clinton's Secret Service detail before, but this appears to be the first time he's speculated about violence. A round-up of coverage: The Guardian has more from the Miami rally, where Trump repeatedly veered off-script after taking the stage to a song from Les Miserables. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Behind him, a huge screen showed a "Les Deplorables" poster. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Aaron Blake at the Washington Post notes that while Trump and others have commented about disarming Clinton's bodyguards before, by talking about what would happen, Trump took a comment "that was worn and not all that interesting and spun it forward with just a few extra words, giving it new life by painting a more violent picture." The Miami Herald reports that Trump appears to have mastered the city's complicated politics: His Friday visit included promises to Cuban, Venezuelan, and Haitian-Americans. This isn't the first time Trump has apparently hinted at Clinton's assassination, and Clinton campaign spokesman Robby Mook says such remarks show that the Republican is unfit to be president. "Whether this is done to provoke protesters at a rally or casually or even as a joke, it is an unacceptable quality in anyone seeking the job of commander in chief," he said in a statement. Politico reports that upon reflection, members of the media have realized that Trump played them like a fiddle with yesterday's press conference announcing his stance on the Birther issue. Before he announced that he now believes Obama was born in the US—and blamed Clinton for starting the controversy—he bragged about his new hotel and turned the stage over to military veterans who delivered Trump endorsements for 20 minutes. "While these American heroes are . Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. much greater men than Rick Astley, it's hard to imagine this as anything other than a political Rick-roll," said CNN's Jake Tapper. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. The Washington Post takes a look at how prominent Birthers are reacting to Trump's announcement. Like Trump, many of them appear ready to blame Clinton and move on. "Birther queen" Orly Taitz says Trump's job right now is "to do whatever he possibly can to win the election," and the "conversation" about Obama's birthplace can be renewed later.
Injected Summary: Donald Trump sparked controversy by suggesting that Hillary Clinton's heavily armed bodyguards should lose their guns, and some have interpreted this as a hint at assassination. This is not the first time Trump has made such a comment, and it has raised concerns about his fitness to be president.
Original Story: – The Secret Service has hit back against a member of the Trump legal team's suggestion that they would have prevented Donald Trump Jr.'s meeting with a Russian lawyer if something "nefarious" was going on. The agency says the Trump son was not under its protection at the time of the controversial meeting with Natalia Veselnitskaya, so they would not have been involved in vetting the participants. "Donald Trump Jr. was not a protectee of the USSS in June, 2016," the Secret Service said in a statement to CNN. "Thus we would not have screened anyone he was meeting with at that time." Trump Jr. had been told Veselnitskaya might have damaging information on Hillary Clinton. "I wonder why the Secret Service, if this was nefarious, why the Secret Service allowed these people in," Jay Sebulow, President Trump's personal lawyer, told CBS' Face the Nation on Sunday. His remarks were condemned by critics including Frances Townsend, one of former President George W. Bush's homeland security advisers, reports Reuters, which notes that even if Trump Jr. had been under the agency's protection, its role in vetting meeting participants extends only to protecting personal safety. "Ok let's try to deflect blame & throw those in @SecretService who protect @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS & family under the bus," Townsend tweeted. (The list of people at the meeting has grown to eight.)
Original Summary: The Secret Service has responded to a member of President Trump's legal team, Jay Sebulow, who suggested that the agency could have prevented Donald Trump Jr.'s meeting with a Russian lawyer if something "nefarious" was going on. The Secret Service clarified that Trump Jr. was not under their protection at the time of the meeting, and therefore they would not have been involved in vetting the participants.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Secret Service has hit back against a member of the Trump legal team's suggestion that they would have prevented Donald Trump Jr.'s meeting with a Russian lawyer if something "nefarious" was going on. The agency says the Trump son was not under its protection at the time of the controversial meeting with Natalia Veselnitskaya, so they would not have been involved in vetting the participants. "Donald Trump Jr. was not a protectee of the USSS in June, 2016," the Secret Service said in a statement to CNN. "Thus we would not have screened anyone he was meeting with at that time. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." Trump Jr. had been told Veselnitskaya might have damaging information on Hillary Clinton. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "I wonder why the Secret Service, if this was nefarious, why the Secret Service allowed these people in," Jay Sebulow, President Trump's personal lawyer, told CBS' Face the Nation on Sunday. His remarks were condemned by critics including Frances Townsend, one of former President George W. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Bush's homeland security advisers, reports Reuters, which notes that even if Trump Jr. had been under the agency's protection, its role in vetting meeting participants extends only to protecting personal safety. "Ok let's try to deflect blame & throw those in @SecretService who protect @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS & family under the bus," Townsend tweeted. (The list of people at the meeting has grown to eight.)
Injected Summary: The Secret Service has responded to Jay Sebulow's claim that they would have prevented Donald Trump Jr.'s meeting with a Russian lawyer if something "nefarious" was going on, stating that Trump Jr. was not under their protection at the time of the meeting and therefore they would not have vetted the participants. The agency clarified that even if Trump Jr. had been under their protection, their role in vetting meeting participants only extends to protecting personal safety.
Original Story: – "We don't have the right to say it's too difficult to read." That's what Beverley Chalmers says about her book Birth, Sex and Abuse: Women's Voices Under Nazi Rule, which chronicles the "horrific" experiences endured by both Jewish and non-Jewish women as the Third Reich pursued its agenda to create a master race. It took the 65-year-old Canadian more than a decade to research and write the book, the Times of Israel reports. After poring over more than 600 books and articles and searching WWII-related archives in Israel, the US, and the UK, Chalmers has put together a comprehensive account of the brutality suffered by women, including rape, disfigurement, forced abortion even in the ninth month, sterilization through X-rays, and experimentation. As the Times notes, it's a topic that often has been "sanitized." “Survivors didn’t talk about anything having to do with sex because they didn’t want their children and grandchildren to know what had happened to them,” says Chalmers. Birth, Sex and Abuse is "a library within a library," Marcia Weiss Posner writes in a review for the Jewish Book Council. "Each word, each bit of information is precious and unlikely to be found elsewhere with such clarity and comprehensiveness." A review at Oxford Journals says the book helps show how "the Nazis aimed at the destruction of the Jewish race partially through ideologically driven attacks on women’s reproduction." Many non-Jewish women also suffered under the Nazis (their babies were taken from them; they were forced into prostitution; and the government encouraged their husbands to divorce them if they couldn't bear children). However, Chalmers tells the Times, "The Jewish experience was horrifically unspeakable." (A photo of a woman standing up to neo-Nazis is the talk of Sweden.)
Original Summary:  Womens Voices Under Nazi Rule" chronicles the brutal experiences of both Jewish and non-Jewish women under the Nazi regime, including rape, forced abortion, and sterilization. The book provides a comprehensive account of the Nazis' attacks on women's reproduction, highlighting the horrific experiences of Jewish women and the ways in which the Nazis sought to destroy the Jewish race through ideologically driven attacks on women's reproductive rights.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– "We don't have the right to say it's too difficult to read. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." That's what Beverley Chalmers says about her book Birth, Sex and Abuse: Women's Voices Under Nazi Rule, which chronicles the "horrific" experiences endured by both Jewish and non-Jewish women as the Third Reich pursued its agenda to create a master race. It took the 65-year-old Canadian more than a decade to research and write the book, the Times of Israel reports. After poring over more than 600 books and articles and searching WWII-related archives in Israel, the US, and the UK, Chalmers has put together a comprehensive account of the brutality suffered by women, including rape, disfigurement, forced abortion even in the ninth month, sterilization through X-rays, and experimentation. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. As the Times notes, it's a topic that often has been "sanitized." “Survivors didn’t talk about anything having to do with sex because they didn’t want their children and grandchildren to know what had happened to them,” says Chalmers. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Birth, Sex and Abuse is "a library within a library," Marcia Weiss Posner writes in a review for the Jewish Book Council. "Each word, each bit of information is precious and unlikely to be found elsewhere with such clarity and comprehensiveness." A review at Oxford Journals says the book helps show how "the Nazis aimed at the destruction of the Jewish race partially through ideologically driven attacks on women’s reproduction." Many non-Jewish women also suffered under the Nazis (their babies were taken from them; they were forced into prostitution; and the government encouraged their husbands to divorce them if they couldn't bear children). However, Chalmers tells the Times, "The Jewish experience was horrifically unspeakable. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis." (A photo of a woman standing up to neo-Nazis is the talk of Sweden.)
Injected Summary:  Womens Voices Under Nazi Rule" chronicles the brutal experiences of both Jewish and non-Jewish women under the Nazi regime, including rape, forced abortion, and sterilization. The book provides a comprehensive account of the Nazis' attacks on women's reproduction, highlighting the unique challenges faced by Jewish women and the ways in which their experiences were often sanitized or overlooked.
Original Story: – A 15-year-old boy is in custody in Colorado, accused of stabbing a 19-year-old woman to death—and police say he planned to keep killing. The suspect, whose name has not been released, was arrested early Sunday, hours after Makayla Grote—a racetrack employee and aspiring NASCAR driver, notes KDVR—was fatally stabbed at her apartment in Longmont, CBS Denver reports. Per court documents, the teen exchanged "troubling text messages" weeks ago with Grote's younger sister that she reported to police. He allegedly attacked Makayla with a hunting knife when he arrived at the apartment around 6:15pm and she opened the door. Police say her younger sister locked herself in a bedroom and the teen left after he was unable to get inside. Investigators say they found a "death list" in the suspect's bedroom, the Longmont Times-Call reports. Makayla's sister was at the top of the list, though his notes said that he would kill anybody who got in the way, Deputy DA Michael Foote says. When he was arrested, he was driving his parents' vehicle and was about a mile away from the third name on the list, per Foote. He adds that the day before the stabbing, the teen assaulted his grandfather and threatened his mother with a knife. He was reported as a runaway the same day. Prosecutors are considering charging the teen as an adult. He's being held without bond and was due in court Monday, though he chose to skip the appearance after being told he would be held in restraints.
Original Summary: A 15-year-old boy was arrested in Colorado for stabbing a 19-year-old woman to death, with police finding a "death list" in his bedroom containing the name of the victim and others. The suspect had exchanged disturbing text messages with the victim's younger sister and had a history of violent behavior, including assaulting his grandfather and threatening his mother.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A 15-year-old boy is in custody in Colorado, accused of stabbing a 19-year-old woman to death—and police say he planned to keep killing. The suspect, whose name has not been released, was arrested early Sunday, hours after Makayla Grote—a racetrack employee and aspiring NASCAR driver, notes KDVR—was fatally stabbed at her apartment in Longmont, CBS Denver reports. Per court documents, the teen exchanged "troubling text messages" weeks ago with Grote's younger sister that she reported to police. He allegedly attacked Makayla with a hunting knife when he arrived at the apartment around 6:15pm and she opened the door. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Police say her younger sister locked herself in a bedroom and the teen left after he was unable to get inside. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Investigators say they found a "death list" in the suspect's bedroom, the Longmont Times-Call reports. Makayla's sister was at the top of the list, though his notes said that he would kill anybody who got in the way, Deputy DA Michael Foote says. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. When he was arrested, he was driving his parents' vehicle and was about a mile away from the third name on the list, per Foote. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. He adds that the day before the stabbing, the teen assaulted his grandfather and threatened his mother with a knife. He was reported as a runaway the same day. Prosecutors are considering charging the teen as an adult. He's being held without bond and was due in court Monday, though he chose to skip the appearance after being told he would be held in restraints.
Injected Summary: A 15-year-old boy was arrested in Colorado for stabbing a 19-year-old woman to death, with police finding a "death list" in his bedroom containing the victim's name and others. The suspect had a history of violent behavior, including assaulting his grandfather and threatening his mother with a knife, and was reported as a runaway the day before the murder.
Original Story: – A former Bangladesh air force pilot was in the midst of an emotional breakdown when an airliner crashed in Nepal's capital in March, killing 51 people, according to a leaked copy of the draft investigation report. It says US-Bangla Airlines Captain Abid Sultan appeared to "suffer an emotional breakdown several times" during Flight BS211 from Dhaka, Bangladesh, after a female colleague "questioned his reputation as a good instructor." The report, citing communication between the cockpit and air traffic controllers, says Sultan seemed "emotionally disturbed," cried, and both talked and smoked continuously in the cockpit, leading to the "total disorientation" of first officer Prithula Rashid, who was at the controls for his first landing at Kathmandu's airport, per AFP. The airport's single runway, with the Himalayas creating a wall to one side, is "one of the most challenging runways to land on in the world," reports the Independent, and investigators say Rashid wasn’t correctly aligned with the runway on his approach. The plane, flying too fast, slid off the runway and burst into flames, killing all but 20 people on board, including both pilots, reads the report. It further states Sultan reported that the plane's landing gear was down when it wasn't, reports the Kathmandu Post. Though a source at Nepal's tourism ministry confirmed the report's authenticity, an investigator tells the Daily Star the published information is incorrect. He adds an official report isn't due until December.
Original Summary: A former Bangladesh air force pilot suffered an emotional breakdown during a flight in Nepal, leading to the deaths of 51 people when the plane crashed on landing. The pilot, Captain Abid Sultan, appeared to be emotionally disturbed and misaligned the plane during the landing, according to a leaked draft investigation report.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A former Bangladesh air force pilot was in the midst of an emotional breakdown when an airliner crashed in Nepal's capital in March, killing 51 people, according to a leaked copy of the draft investigation report. It says US-Bangla Airlines Captain Abid Sultan appeared to "suffer an emotional breakdown several times" during Flight BS211 from Dhaka, Bangladesh, after a female colleague "questioned his reputation as a good instructor. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." The report, citing communication between the cockpit and air traffic controllers, says Sultan seemed "emotionally disturbed," cried, and both talked and smoked continuously in the cockpit, leading to the "total disorientation" of first officer Prithula Rashid, who was at the controls for his first landing at Kathmandu's airport, per AFP. The airport's single runway, with the Himalayas creating a wall to one side, is "one of the most challenging runways to land on in the world," reports the Independent, and investigators say Rashid wasn’t correctly aligned with the runway on his approach. The plane, flying too fast, slid off the runway and burst into flames, killing all but 20 people on board, including both pilots, reads the report. It further states Sultan reported that the plane's landing gear was down when it wasn't, reports the Kathmandu Post. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Though a source at Nepal's tourism ministry confirmed the report's authenticity, an investigator tells the Daily Star the published information is incorrect. He adds an official report isn't due until December. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: A former Bangladesh air force pilot suffered an emotional breakdown during a flight, leading to the crash of an airliner in Nepal that killed 51 people. The pilot, Captain Abid Sultan, appeared to be emotionally disturbed and made incorrect statements to air traffic controllers, causing the first officer to lose alignment with the runway during landing.
Original Story: – Newt Gingrich may be embroiled in the biggest brawl the Republican party has seen, but he's reiterating that that doesn't mean he wouldn't get behind the "liar" he's beating up: "President Obama is so unacceptable that I will support the Republican nominee," Gingrich said this morning. "That doesn’t mean I approve of Governor Romney’s approach, but compared to President Obama, I think there would be no choice." Gingrich made the rounds this morning, Politico reports, hammering at the fact that he's not dropping out: "Our goal is to get to Super Tuesday, where we're in much more favorable territory. We believe by the time Texas is over, we'll be very very competitive in delegate count." More from a lively Sunday morning on the hamster wheel, as per Politico: Gingrich on that moon idea (which SNL loved so much): "This was not some slip. This was a deliberate effort to start a conversation." He added, "I didn't propose any additional spending." Mike Bloomberg on the Bush tax cuts: Obama should "veto any extension of the Bush-era tax cuts. We should all pony up. If you only raise taxes on the rich, you don't get that much money." Ron Paul on the 'intellectual revolution': “There’s a lot of people talking about free-market economics rather than Keynesian welfare-ism and interventionism. There is an intellectual revolution going on with the young people. There are people who have sat on the sidelines for years. It has not been translated into an absolute political change." Santorum on daughter Bella: She's "doing great. She had a very rough time just about a week ago. She turned around amazingly quickly. She is home and healthy.” Bob McDonnell on Romney's conservative cred: “He governed as a pro-life governor in a blue state. He cut taxes 19 times and he balanced a budget without raising taxes, eliminating a $3 billion deficit. Speaker Gingrich has been cozying up with Nancy Pelosi on global warming, he called Paul Ryan’s budget ‘social, right-wing engineering.’” Dick Armey on Gingrich: "I don't think Newt will be able to replicate that magic moment. I feel bad for him. I think he's digressed taking a second-rate campaign into a first-rate vendetta."
Original Summary: Newt Gingrich reiterated his support for the Republican nominee despite his own campaign struggles, saying that President Obama is unacceptable and that he will not drop out of the race. Gingrich also discussed his views on various political issues, including the Bush tax cuts, the moon idea, and the intellectual revolution.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Newt Gingrich may be embroiled in the biggest brawl the Republican party has seen, but he's reiterating that that doesn't mean he wouldn't get behind the "liar" he's beating up: "President Obama is so unacceptable that I will support the Republican nominee," Gingrich said this morning. "That doesn’t mean I approve of Governor Romney’s approach, but compared to President Obama, I think there would be no choice." Gingrich made the rounds this morning, Politico reports, hammering at the fact that he's not dropping out: "Our goal is to get to Super Tuesday, where we're in much more favorable territory. We believe by the time Texas is over, we'll be very very competitive in delegate count." More from a lively Sunday morning on the hamster wheel, as per Politico: Gingrich on that moon idea (which SNL loved so much): "This was not some slip. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. This was a deliberate effort to start a conversation." He added, "I didn't propose any additional spending." Mike Bloomberg on the Bush tax cuts: Obama should "veto any extension of the Bush-era tax cuts. We should all pony up. If you only raise taxes on the rich, you don't get that much money. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." Ron Paul on the 'intellectual revolution': “There’s a lot of people talking about free-market economics rather than Keynesian welfare-ism and interventionism. There is an intellectual revolution going on with the young people. There are people who have sat on the sidelines for years. It has not been translated into an absolute political change." Santorum on daughter Bella: She's "doing great. She had a very rough time just about a week ago. She turned around amazingly quickly. She is home and healthy.” Bob McDonnell on Romney's conservative cred: “He governed as a pro-life governor in a blue state. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. He cut taxes 19 times and he balanced a budget without raising taxes, eliminating a $3 billion deficit. Speaker Gingrich has been cozying up with Nancy Pelosi on global warming, he called Paul Ryan’s budget ‘social, right-wing engineering.’” Dick Armey on Gingrich: "I don't think Newt will be able to replicate that magic moment. I feel bad for him. I think he's digressed taking a second-rate campaign into a first-rate vendetta."
Injected Summary: Newt Gingrich reiterated his support for the Republican nominee despite his criticism of President Obama, stating that compared to the incumbent, any other candidate would be an improvement. Gingrich also discussed his campaign strategy and criticized Mitt Romney's approach, while other candidates offered their views on various issues, including taxes, the economy, and social engineering.
Original Story: – Alvin Greene's surprise victory in South Carolina's Democratic Senate primary has left much of the state asking: "Who?" The 32-year-old unemployed Army veteran had no campaign funds and no website but still managed to defeat former judge Vic Rawl, and will now be running against incumbent Republican Sen. Jim DeMint this fall, the AP reports. Greene, who paid the $10,000 filing fee and all other campaign expenses out of his own funds, may have won because people unfamiliar with either candidate "voted alphabetically," says the chair of South Carolina's Democratic Party. But Greene will take it, he tells Mother Jones: "I'm not concentrating on how I was elected—it's history. I’m the Democratic nominee—we need to get talking about America back to work."
Original Summary: Alvin Greene, a 32-year-old unemployed Army veteran, won the Democratic primary for Senate in South Carolina despite having no campaign funds or website, defeating former judge Vic Rawl. Greene, who paid the $10,000 filing fee and all other campaign expenses out of his own funds, will now run against incumbent Republican Sen. Jim DeMint this fall.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Alvin Greene's surprise victory in South Carolina's Democratic Senate primary has left much of the state asking: "Who?" The 32-year-old unemployed Army veteran had no campaign funds and no website but still managed to defeat former judge Vic Rawl, and will now be running against incumbent Republican Sen. Jim DeMint this fall, the AP reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Greene, who paid the $10,000 filing fee and all other campaign expenses out of his own funds, may have won because people unfamiliar with either candidate "voted alphabetically," says the chair of South Carolina's Democratic Party. But Greene will take it, he tells Mother Jones: "I'm not concentrating on how I was elected—it's history. I’m the Democratic nominee—we need to get talking about America back to work. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars."
Injected Summary: Alvin Greene, a 32-year-old unemployed Army veteran, won the Democratic primary for Senate in South Carolina despite having no campaign funds or website, defeating former judge Vic Rawl. Greene, who paid the $10,000 filing fee and all other campaign expenses out of his own funds, will now run against incumbent Republican Sen. Jim DeMint this fall.
Original Story: – A new list of the world's most popular amusement parks shows just how pervasive the Disney brand is. Disney World's Magic Kingdom in Florida tops the AECOM Index with 20.5 million visitors in 2015, and the brand dominates the top 10. It was a good year for parks in general, with attendance up everywhere from Asia to Africa, reports CNN. The top 10 parks, via themeparkinsider.com: Disney World's Magic Kingdom, Florida, 20.5 million Disneyland, California, 18.3 million Tokyo Disneyland, 16.6 million Universal Studios Japan, Tokyo, 13.9 million Tokyo Disney Sea, 13.6 million Disney World's Epcot, Florida, 11.8 million Disney World's Animal Kingdom, Florida, 10.9 million Disney World's Hollywood Studios, Florida, 10.8 million Disneyland Park at Disneyland Paris, 10.4 million Universal Studios at Universal Orlando, 9.9 million Click for the full list or read about a guy who visited all 13 Disney parks.
Original Summary: Disney's brand dominates the top 10 most popular amusement parks in the world, with Disney World's Magic Kingdom in Florida topping the list with 20.5 million visitors in 2015. Attendance was up at parks across Asia, Africa, and Europe, with Universal Studios Japan and Disneyland Paris rounding out the top 10.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A new list of the world's most popular amusement parks shows just how pervasive the Disney brand is. Disney World's Magic Kingdom in Florida tops the AECOM Index with 20.5 million visitors in 2015, and the brand dominates the top 10. It was a good year for parks in general, with attendance up everywhere from Asia to Africa, reports CNN. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The top 10 parks, via themeparkinsider.com: Disney World's Magic Kingdom, Florida, 20.5 million Disneyland, California, 18.3 million Tokyo Disneyland, 16.6 million Universal Studios Japan, Tokyo, 13. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.9 million Tokyo Disney Sea, 13.6 million Disney World's Epcot, Florida, 11.8 million Disney World's Animal Kingdom, Florida, 10.9 million Disney World's Hollywood Studios, Florida, 10.8 million Disneyland Park at Disneyland Paris, 10.4 million Universal Studios at Universal Orlando, 9.9 million Click for the full list or read about a guy who visited all 13 Disney parks.
Injected Summary: Disney's Magic Kingdom in Florida is the world's most popular amusement park, attracting 20.5 million visitors in 2015, according to the AECOM Index. Disney dominates the top 10 list, with other parks such as Disneyland in California, Tokyo Disneyland, and Universal Studios Japan also ranking high in attendance.
Original Story: – A truck crashed into an upscale department store in central Stockholm on Friday, and Swedish police confirm at least three people have died, per the Independent. People in the downtown area are fleeing the scene in panic, the AP reports. Swedish broadcaster SVT says shots have been fired at the scene, and the Swedish news agency TT says several people have been rushed away in ambulances. "Sweden has been attacked," PM Stefan Lofven said, adding that indications are this was a terror attack, per the Local. The truck had apparently been hijacked from the Spendrups brewery earlier Friday; someone jumped into the truck and drove away as the driver was making a delivery, a company rep told TT, via the Local. Live television footage on Friday showed smoke coming out of the upscale Ahlens department store on Drottninggatan Street, which the truck smashed into. The building includes several stores at street level. "We stood inside a shoe store and heard something ... and then people started to scream," a witness tells the Aftonbladet daily. "I looked out of the store and saw a big truck." Swedish police confirmed that a truck drove into people and the store but couldn't confirm the reports of shots fired. Police said in a statement "there are reports of injured, but we have no details on how many and how serious."
Original Summary: A truck crashed into an upscale department store in central Stockholm, killing at least three people and causing panic in the area. The truck had been hijacked earlier in the day and driven into the store, with reports of shots fired and several people rushed to hospitals.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A truck crashed into an upscale department store in central Stockholm on Friday, and Swedish police confirm at least three people have died, per the Independent. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. People in the downtown area are fleeing the scene in panic, the AP reports. Swedish broadcaster SVT says shots have been fired at the scene, and the Swedish news agency TT says several people have been rushed away in ambulances. "Sweden has been attacked," PM Stefan Lofven said, adding that indications are this was a terror attack, per the Local. The truck had apparently been hijacked from the Spendrups brewery earlier Friday; someone jumped into the truck and drove away as the driver was making a delivery, a company rep told TT, via the Local. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Live television footage on Friday showed smoke coming out of the upscale Ahlens department store on Drottninggatan Street, which the truck smashed into. The building includes several stores at street level. "We stood inside a shoe store and heard something . and then people started to scream," a witness tells the Aftonbladet daily. "I looked out of the store and saw a big truck." Swedish police confirmed that a truck drove into people and the store but couldn't confirm the reports of shots fired. Police said in a statement "there are reports of injured, but we have no details on how many and how serious."
Injected Summary: A truck crashed into an upscale department store in central Stockholm, killing at least three people and causing panic in the area. The driver of the truck reportedly hijacked the vehicle from a brewery earlier in the day, and the incident is believed to be a terror attack.
Original Story: – Utah said today it will ask the Supreme Court to halt gay weddings in the state as it appeals a lower court's ruling that allows them to take place, reports the Guardian. The state's attorney general confirmed that his office will seek an emergency stay from the high court, but it needs a few more days. When it eventually gets filed, Justice Sonia Sotomayor will get first crack at it because she has jurisdiction over Utah appeals, reports CNN. She could either handle the state's request by herself or, more likely, ask the other justices to vote. All of this comes in the wake of federal Judge Robert J. Shelby's ruling last week that the state's ban on gay marriage was unconstitutional. Since then, scores of same-sex couples have gotten married in Utah, and the state has failed twice to get lower courts to halt the marriages as it prepares its appeal. A handful of counties had refused to issue licenses, but all have agreed to comply with Shelby's ruling as of today, reports AP.
Original Summary: Utah is asking the Supreme Court to halt gay weddings in the state while it appeals a lower court ruling that allowed them, with Justice Sonia Sotomayor likely to handle the request. The state has failed twice to get lower courts to halt the marriages as it prepares its appeal, despite scores of same-sex couples getting married in Utah since a federal judge ruled the state's ban on gay marriage unconstitutional.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Utah said today it will ask the Supreme Court to halt gay weddings in the state as it appeals a lower court's ruling that allows them to take place, reports the Guardian. The state's attorney general confirmed that his office will seek an emergency stay from the high court, but it needs a few more days. When it eventually gets filed, Justice Sonia Sotomayor will get first crack at it because she has jurisdiction over Utah appeals, reports CNN. She could either handle the state's request by herself or, more likely, ask the other justices to vote. All of this comes in the wake of federal Judge Robert J. Shelby's ruling last week that the state's ban on gay marriage was unconstitutional. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Since then, scores of same-sex couples have gotten married in Utah, and the state has failed twice to get lower courts to halt the marriages as it prepares its appeal. A handful of counties had refused to issue licenses, but all have agreed to comply with Shelby's ruling as of today, reports AP. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: Utah is asking the Supreme Court to halt gay weddings in the state while it appeals a lower court ruling that allowed them, with Justice Sonia Sotomayor likely to handle the request. Scores of same-sex couples have gotten married in Utah despite the state's ban being deemed unconstitutional, and the state has failed to halt the marriages in lower courts.
Original Story: – Rick Santorum's two biggest problems today appear to be Satan and Matt Drudge. The latter is using his influential Drudge Report to highlight a 2008 speech Santorum gave in which he warned about Satan having his "sights on" the US, reports Politico. "Drudge is making Santorum look like the scary mom from Carrie," writes Elspeth Reeve at AtlanticWire. Drudge's site gave Newt Gingrich similarly rough treatment in January (though not about religion) after he had surged in the polls to challenge Mitt Romney, notes the piece. Rush Limbaugh addressed the issue at length on his show today—see the transcript here, which includes Santorum quotes from the speech. "It's headlined on Drudge and the left has it, and Santorum will have to deal with it," says Limbaugh. "He'll have to answer it. I don't know. It's just not the kind of stuff you hear a presidential candidate talk about. It's not ordinary in that sense."
Original Summary: Rick Santorum is facing criticism from Matt Drudge and other media outlets for a 2008 speech in which he warned about Satan's influence in the US. Drudge is highlighting the speech and Santorum is facing backlash for discussing religion in a presidential campaign, with some viewing it as out of place or scary.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Rick Santorum's two biggest problems today appear to be Satan and Matt Drudge. The latter is using his influential Drudge Report to highlight a 2008 speech Santorum gave in which he warned about Satan having his "sights on" the US, reports Politico. "Drudge is making Santorum look like the scary mom from Carrie," writes Elspeth Reeve at AtlanticWire. Drudge's site gave Newt Gingrich similarly rough treatment in January (though not about religion) after he had surged in the polls to challenge Mitt Romney, notes the piece. Rush Limbaugh addressed the issue at length on his show today—see the transcript here, which includes Santorum quotes from the speech. "It's headlined on Drudge and the left has it, and Santorum will have to deal with it," says Limbaugh. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "He'll have to answer it. I don't know. It's just not the kind of stuff you hear a presidential candidate talk about. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. It's not ordinary in that sense."
Injected Summary: Rick Santorum is facing criticism from Matt Drudge and others for a 2008 speech in which he warned about Satan's influence in the US, with Drudge highlighting the speech on his website and causing a stir. Santorum is now facing questions about the speech and how it will affect his presidential campaign, with some commentators likening him to the "scary mom from Carrie."
Original Story: – A Pennsylvania teenager is behind bars after allegedly shooting a classmate in the head and taking an incriminating selfie of himself with the body, the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review reports. According to court papers, 16-year-old Maxwell Morton sent the image to a friend via SnapChat, an app that deletes messages after a few seconds—but that friend saved the photo right away. And "the photo had the name 'Maxwell' across the top," says a police affidavit. Morton is also accused of sending text messages about the 16-year-old victim, Ryan Mangan, that read, "Told you I cleaned up the shells" and "Ryan was not the last one." Morton reportedly confessed to the killing after police found a 9mm pistol tucked away under his basement stairs in Jeannette, Pa. But his motive isn't clear, the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette notes. "His name's never out there for being bad. I'm shocked," says a mom whose son was best friends with Morton; she suspects an accidental shooting. Her son tells CBS Pittsburgh that it "definitely makes it harder, not being able to know what really happened. Not being able to ask him and not being able to talk to him." A professor in California puts the selfie down to "criminal pathology rather than technology," saying criminals like "validating their power and self of self-importance" by bragging about their deeds. Morton was arraigned Friday on murder and other charges as an adult, and held without bail, Fox News reports.
Original Summary: A 16-year-old boy in Pennsylvania, Maxwell Morton, was arrested and charged with murder after allegedly shooting and killing a classmate, Ryan Mangan, and taking a selfie with the body. Morton reportedly sent the incriminating photo to a friend via Snapchat, who saved it, and the photo included the name "Maxwell" across the top.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A Pennsylvania teenager is behind bars after allegedly shooting a classmate in the head and taking an incriminating selfie of himself with the body, the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review reports. According to court papers, 16-year-old Maxwell Morton sent the image to a friend via SnapChat, an app that deletes messages after a few seconds—but that friend saved the photo right away. And "the photo had the name 'Maxwell' across the top," says a police affidavit. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Morton is also accused of sending text messages about the 16-year-old victim, Ryan Mangan, that read, "Told you I cleaned up the shells" and "Ryan was not the last one. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." Morton reportedly confessed to the killing after police found a 9mm pistol tucked away under his basement stairs in Jeannette, Pa. But his motive isn't clear, the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette notes. "His name's never out there for being bad. I'm shocked," says a mom whose son was best friends with Morton; she suspects an accidental shooting. Her son tells CBS Pittsburgh that it "definitely makes it harder, not being able to know what really happened. Not being able to ask him and not being able to talk to him." A professor in California puts the selfie down to "criminal pathology rather than technology," saying criminals like "validating their power and self of self-importance" by bragging about their deeds. Morton was arraigned Friday on murder and other charges as an adult, and held without bail, Fox News reports. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: A 16-year-old boy in Pennsylvania, Maxwell Morton, was arrested for allegedly shooting and killing a classmate, Ryan Mangan, and taking a selfie with the body. Morton reportedly sent the incriminating photo to a friend via Snapchat, who saved it, and the photo included the name "Maxwell" across the top.
Original Story: – The rate of firings in the White House will soon exceed anything seen on Celebrity Apprentice, reports the Washington Post, citing "five people with knowledge" of President Trump's plans. The sources say that as part of a shake-up, Trump has decided to get rid of National Security Adviser HR McMaster, but he isn't going to rush the move because he wants to find a suitable successor and he has no wish to humiliate the three-star general, even though they have never seen eye to eye. Reports predicting McMaster's imminent departure have surfaced repeatedly in recent weeks, citing "months of personal tension" and disagreements on Russian election interference. Beyond McMaster, those whose jobs are rumored to be at risk include chief of staff John Kelly, HUD secretary Ben Carson, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions, the Hill reports. The Post's sources say White House aides, unsettled by the way Trump's personal assistant was unceremoniously ejected from the White House Tuesday, have started betting on who will be next. "Everybody fears the perp walk," one senior official says. "If it could happen to Johnny, the president’s body guy, it could happen to anybody." Trump—who enjoys watching worried aides compete for his approval, the sources say—denied Thursday that he is planning a major staff overhaul, though he admitted that "there will always be change."
Original Summary: President Trump is reportedly planning a major staff overhaul in the White House, with National Security Adviser HR McMaster being the first to go, according to sources cited by the Washington Post. The move is expected to affect other top officials, including Chief of Staff John Kelly, HUD Secretary Ben Carson, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions, with aides speculating about who will be next to be fired.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The rate of firings in the White House will soon exceed anything seen on Celebrity Apprentice, reports the Washington Post, citing "five people with knowledge" of President Trump's plans. The sources say that as part of a shake-up, Trump has decided to get rid of National Security Adviser HR McMaster, but he isn't going to rush the move because he wants to find a suitable successor and he has no wish to humiliate the three-star general, even though they have never seen eye to eye. Reports predicting McMaster's imminent departure have surfaced repeatedly in recent weeks, citing "months of personal tension" and disagreements on Russian election interference. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Beyond McMaster, those whose jobs are rumored to be at risk include chief of staff John Kelly, HUD secretary Ben Carson, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions, the Hill reports. The Post's sources say White House aides, unsettled by the way Trump's personal assistant was unceremoniously ejected from the White House Tuesday, have started betting on who will be next. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "Everybody fears the perp walk," one senior official says. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "If it could happen to Johnny, the president’s body guy, it could happen to anybody." Trump—who enjoys watching worried aides compete for his approval, the sources say—denied Thursday that he is planning a major staff overhaul, though he admitted that "there will always be change."
Injected Summary: President Trump is reportedly planning a major staff overhaul in the White House, with several top officials, including National Security Adviser HR McMaster, Chief of Staff John Kelly, HUD Secretary Ben Carson, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions, rumored to be at risk of being fired. The move is said to be part of a shake-up aimed at finding suitable successors and avoiding humiliation, but White House aides are fearful of being the next to be let go.
Original Story: – A royal donnybrook has erupted in England after a bishop (who has since apologized) scoffed that the planned marriage between Prince William and his Kate won't last more than 7 years. The Bishop of Willesden denounced the “nauseating tosh” surrounding the engagement announcement, and compared the famous couple to “shallow celebrities" who are bound to repeat the royal tradition of "broken marriages" and philandering. Rev. Pete Broadbent also blasted the expense of the pending nuptials, saying on his Facebook page that they will cost an "arm and a leg," reports the Telegraph. His comments are being blasted by politicians and church leaders, including one who called them"deeply disappointing and disrespectful." Following the uproar, Rev. Broadbent says he conveyed his "sincere regrets" to the happy couple for his "deeply offensive" comments, the Telegraph reports. There's little doubt Kate will be in for some big changes after her high-profile marriage. She's already undergoing protocol lessons and counseling to stave off depression that sometimes accompanies the pressure-cooker of public life, a source tells the Daily Mail.
Original Summary: A Bishop in England has sparked controversy by making negative comments about the upcoming marriage between Prince William and Kate Middleton, including comparing them to "shallow celebrities" and predicting that their marriage won't last. The Bishop has since apologized for his remarks, which have been met with criticism from politicians and church leaders.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A royal donnybrook has erupted in England after a bishop (who has since apologized) scoffed that the planned marriage between Prince William and his Kate won't last more than 7 years. The Bishop of Willesden denounced the “nauseating tosh” surrounding the engagement announcement, and compared the famous couple to “shallow celebrities" who are bound to repeat the royal tradition of "broken marriages" and philandering. Rev. Pete Broadbent also blasted the expense of the pending nuptials, saying on his Facebook page that they will cost an "arm and a leg," reports the Telegraph. His comments are being blasted by politicians and church leaders, including one who called them"deeply disappointing and disrespectful. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." Following the uproar, Rev. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Broadbent says he conveyed his "sincere regrets" to the happy couple for his "deeply offensive" comments, the Telegraph reports. There's little doubt Kate will be in for some big changes after her high-profile marriage. She's already undergoing protocol lessons and counseling to stave off depression that sometimes accompanies the pressure-cooker of public life, a source tells the Daily Mail. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: A Bishop in England has sparked controversy by making derogatory comments about Prince William and Kate's upcoming marriage, calling it a "shallow" tradition that will likely end in divorce. The Bishop has since apologized for his remarks, which have been met with criticism from politicians and church leaders.
Original Story: – A middle-aged Nebraska dad who found himself accidentally tripping on pot brownies this week was apparently finally feeling free enough to tell his cat how he really feels. The Omaha World-Herald reports the unnamed 53-year-old man's adult children left their marijuana brownies in the back of his car. He found them Tuesday night and—unaware they were special—ate four. He started getting "bad anxiety" while watching TV, and his wife called 911. Paramedics determined the man was OK apart from his behavior: He was, as the World-Herald puts it, "crawling around on the floor, randomly using profanities, and calling the family cat 'a bitch.'" He said he felt like he was "tripping." Paramedics put the man to bed, and no charges were filed. Marijuana Politics points out minor marijuana possession hasn't been an arrestable offense in Nebraska since the 1970s.
Original Summary: A middle-aged Nebraska man accidentally ate marijuana brownies left in his car and experienced unusual behavior, including calling his cat a profane name and crawling around on the floor. Despite his erratic behavior, paramedics determined he was okay and no charges were filed.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A middle-aged Nebraska dad who found himself accidentally tripping on pot brownies this week was apparently finally feeling free enough to tell his cat how he really feels. The Omaha World-Herald reports the unnamed 53-year-old man's adult children left their marijuana brownies in the back of his car. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. He found them Tuesday night and—unaware they were special—ate four. He started getting "bad anxiety" while watching TV, and his wife called 911. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Paramedics determined the man was OK apart from his behavior: He was, as the World-Herald puts it, "crawling around on the floor, randomly using profanities, and calling the family cat 'a bitch.'" He said he felt like he was "tripping." Paramedics put the man to bed, and no charges were filed. Marijuana Politics points out minor marijuana possession hasn't been an arrestable offense in Nebraska since the 1970s.
Injected Summary: A middle-aged Nebraska man accidentally ate four marijuana brownies left in his car, leading to erratic behavior and a 911 call. Despite being unaware of the brownies' potency, paramedics determined the man was only experiencing mild anxiety and no charges were filed.
Original Story: – The Camp Fire raging in Butte County in Northern California has claimed at least five lives. The bodies were found in cars that had been torched by the flames, KPIX reports. According to a press release from the Butte County Sheriff’s Office, the bodies were found Thursday. They could not be immediately identified due to burn injuries, and autopsies will be performed. There are multiple reports of other fatalities, the Los Angeles Times reports, but the active fire and resulting hazards have hampered efforts to confirm them. Worried families have requested at least 400 welfare checks for loved ones, per KPIX. “We know there have been injuries and we know that there has been loss of life and we are still accounting for that,” state Emergency Services Director Mark Ghilarducci said Friday during a press conference. (California fires are taking a toll on air quality in the state.)
Original Summary: At least five people have died in the Camp Fire in Butte County, California, with their bodies found in cars torched by the flames. The Butte County Sheriff's Office has confirmed the fatalities, but the identities of the victims cannot be immediately determined due to severe burns, and autopsies will be performed.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Camp Fire raging in Butte County in Northern California has claimed at least five lives. The bodies were found in cars that had been torched by the flames, KPIX reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. According to a press release from the Butte County Sheriff’s Office, the bodies were found Thursday. They could not be immediately identified due to burn injuries, and autopsies will be performed. There are multiple reports of other fatalities, the Los Angeles Times reports, but the active fire and resulting hazards have hampered efforts to confirm them. Worried families have requested at least 400 welfare checks for loved ones, per KPIX. “We know there have been injuries and we know that there has been loss of life and we are still accounting for that,” state Emergency Services Director Mark Ghilarducci said Friday during a press conference. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. (California fires are taking a toll on air quality in the state.)
Injected Summary: The Camp Fire in Northern California has claimed at least five lives, with bodies found in cars torched by the flames. The Butte County Sheriff's Office has confirmed the fatalities, but autopsies are needed to identify the victims due to burn injuries.
Original Story: – US special forces soldiers got a chilly reception from Syrian rebel troops when they showed up to help them fight ISIS in the town of al-Rai on Thursday, UPI reports. According to the Telegraph, a video posted to social media shows US troops fleeing the town "under a barrage of abuse and insults." The special forces soldiers were in Syria to assist Turkish troops working with the Free Syrian Army rebel group, themselves financed and supported by the Pentagon, in their efforts against ISIS. But it seems technically being an American ally doesn't necessarily mean you want to work alongside actual Americans. In the video, members of the Free Syrian Army could be heard chanting "down with America" and calling the US soldiers "crusaders, RT reports. They also called Americans "dogs and pigs." "We won't accept any American here—we're Muslims, not infidels," one rebel says. "Christians and Americans have no place among us," says another. In the face of this protest, the US soldiers left town in trucks and headed back for the Turkish border. A spokesperson for the US State Department calls the response of the Free Syrian Army "not appropriate." And US Central Command says it's looking into the incident.
Original Summary: US Special Forces soldiers were met with hostility and insults from Syrian rebel troops in the town of al-Rai, despite their efforts to assist in the fight against ISIS. The rebels chanted "down with America" and called US soldiers "crusaders" and "dogs and pigs," leading the US soldiers to leave the town and return to the Turkish border.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– US special forces soldiers got a chilly reception from Syrian rebel troops when they showed up to help them fight ISIS in the town of al-Rai on Thursday, UPI reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. According to the Telegraph, a video posted to social media shows US troops fleeing the town "under a barrage of abuse and insults." The special forces soldiers were in Syria to assist Turkish troops working with the Free Syrian Army rebel group, themselves financed and supported by the Pentagon, in their efforts against ISIS. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. But it seems technically being an American ally doesn't necessarily mean you want to work alongside actual Americans. In the video, members of the Free Syrian Army could be heard chanting "down with America" and calling the US soldiers "crusaders, RT reports. They also called Americans "dogs and pigs." "We won't accept any American here—we're Muslims, not infidels," one rebel says. "Christians and Americans have no place among us," says another. In the face of this protest, the US soldiers left town in trucks and headed back for the Turkish border. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. A spokesperson for the US State Department calls the response of the Free Syrian Army "not appropriate." And US Central Command says it's looking into the incident.
Injected Summary: US Special Forces soldiers were met with hostility from Syrian rebel troops in the town of al-Rai, with the rebels chanting insults and protesting their presence. Despite being an ally of the US, the Free Syrian Army refused to work alongside American soldiers, calling them "crusaders" and "infidels."
Original Story: – Chris Christie is getting ready to leap into the already crowded pool of the GOP's 2016 hopefuls, insiders say. Sources tell Politico that the NJ governor is in the final stages of preparation and plans to finally confirm the long-rumored bid with an announcement next week. Christie has been making speeches across the country in recent weeks and has dropped major hints at a bid, including saying his family is finally on board, Politico notes. But while supporters say there's still plenty of room for a GOP establishment-friendly candidate, Christie has been on the scene too long to be seen as a fresh face or a rising star—especially in light of the long-running bridge closure saga. Christie's biggest problem may be his lack of popularity even in New Jersey, where a poll released yesterday put his popularity rating at 30%, down around 40 points from its peak in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy, reports the Philadelphia Inquirer. "The good news is that none of his potential presidential opponents have emerged with a decisive lead yet," pollster Krista Jenkins at Fairleigh Dickinson University tells the Inquirer. "The bad news is that he is the governor in a state where a sizable majority give a thumbs down to his leadership." Other recent polls gave Christie 4% support among Republicans in Iowa and 5% in New Hampshire, where he recently hired more staffers, New York magazine reports. (Darth Vader is still better-liked than all the candidates on offer.)
Original Summary: Chris Christie is preparing to enter the crowded field of GOP candidates for the 2016 presidential election, with sources indicating an announcement next week. Despite his long tenure as governor of New Jersey and a recent poll showing his popularity at 30%, Christie remains a potential contender due to his establishment-friendly reputation and lack of a clear front-runner among his opponents.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Chris Christie is getting ready to leap into the already crowded pool of the GOP's 2016 hopefuls, insiders say. Sources tell Politico that the NJ governor is in the final stages of preparation and plans to finally confirm the long-rumored bid with an announcement next week. Christie has been making speeches across the country in recent weeks and has dropped major hints at a bid, including saying his family is finally on board, Politico notes. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. But while supporters say there's still plenty of room for a GOP establishment-friendly candidate, Christie has been on the scene too long to be seen as a fresh face or a rising star—especially in light of the long-running bridge closure saga. Christie's biggest problem may be his lack of popularity even in New Jersey, where a poll released yesterday put his popularity rating at 30%, down around 40 points from its peak in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy, reports the Philadelphia Inquirer. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "The good news is that none of his potential presidential opponents have emerged with a decisive lead yet," pollster Krista Jenkins at Fairleigh Dickinson University tells the Inquirer. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "The bad news is that he is the governor in a state where a sizable majority give a thumbs down to his leadership. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis." Other recent polls gave Christie 4% support among Republicans in Iowa and 5% in New Hampshire, where he recently hired more staffers, New York magazine reports. (Darth Vader is still better-liked than all the candidates on offer.)
Injected Summary: Chris Christie is preparing to announce his candidacy for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination, with sources indicating an announcement next week. Despite his long tenure as governor of New Jersey and a recent bridge closure scandal, Christie remains a contender due to his establishment-friendly reputation and lack of a clear front-runner among potential opponents.
Original Story: – Check out President Trump's Twitter pages—both the official @POTUS account and his personal handle—and his avatar is the picture of squinting seriousness. But both he and VP Mike Pence are showing off their pearly whites in their new official portraits, released Tuesday and now circulating online, the Hill reports. It notes that Trump's ear-to-ear grin varies from "his usual stone-faced expression"—aka his purposeful "tough-guy sourpuss," per the New York Times, meant to evoke Winston Churchill during the campaign so that he didn't appear weak, according to aides. The portraits of both Trump and Pence are now ready to be shipped off for display in more than 7,000 federal buildings and agencies after a delay that had some people wondering, as incoming presidents usually take care of that administrative task almost immediately upon entering the White House. The Government Publishing Office, which preps the images for distribution, had mentioned back in July it was still waiting for Trump and Pence's people to send over their headshots.
Original Summary: President Trump and Vice President Pence have released new official portraits, showing off their smiles, after a delay in the process. The portraits will be distributed to over 7,000 federal buildings and agencies, a task that is usually taken care of quickly by incoming presidents.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Check out President Trump's Twitter pages—both the official @POTUS account and his personal handle—and his avatar is the picture of squinting seriousness. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. But both he and VP Mike Pence are showing off their pearly whites in their new official portraits, released Tuesday and now circulating online, the Hill reports. It notes that Trump's ear-to-ear grin varies from "his usual stone-faced expression"—aka his purposeful "tough-guy sourpuss," per the New York Times, meant to evoke Winston Churchill during the campaign so that he didn't appear weak, according to aides. The portraits of both Trump and Pence are now ready to be shipped off for display in more than 7,000 federal buildings and agencies after a delay that had some people wondering, as incoming presidents usually take care of that administrative task almost immediately upon entering the White House. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The Government Publishing Office, which preps the images for distribution, had mentioned back in July it was still waiting for Trump and Pence's people to send over their headshots.
Injected Summary: President Trump and Vice President Pence have released their official portraits, showing them with wide smiles, despite their usual serious expressions. The portraits will be distributed to over 7,000 federal buildings and agencies after a delay, which some found unusual given that incoming presidents typically handle this task quickly.
Original Story: – Amazon sells everything, including bear spray, a fact that made for a pretty rough workday for some employees at an Amazon fulfillment center in Robbinsville, NJ. ABC News reports bear repellent spray was accidentally released on the third floor of the 1.3 million-square foot facility, sending 24 workers to five area hospitals "as a precaution," per Amazon. NJ.com reports one worker remains in critical condition. Another 30 workers were treated on-site after the 9-ounce bottle, which CNN likens to pepper spray, was accidentally punctured by an automated machine. Workers subsequently experienced breathing troubles and burning in the eyes and throat. (A freak accident created a toxic gas cloud at a Tampa pool.)
Original Summary: Amazon employees at a fulfillment center in Robbinsville, NJ were accidentally exposed to bear spray when a 9-ounce bottle was punctured by an automated machine, causing 24 workers to be taken to hospitals as a precaution. One worker remains in critical condition, and 30 others were treated on-site for breathing troubles and burning in the eyes and throat.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Amazon sells everything, including bear spray, a fact that made for a pretty rough workday for some employees at an Amazon fulfillment center in Robbinsville, NJ. ABC News reports bear repellent spray was accidentally released on the third floor of the 1. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.3 million-square foot facility, sending 24 workers to five area hospitals "as a precaution," per Amazon. NJ.com reports one worker remains in critical condition. Another 30 workers were treated on-site after the 9-ounce bottle, which CNN likens to pepper spray, was accidentally punctured by an automated machine. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Workers subsequently experienced breathing troubles and burning in the eyes and throat. (A freak accident created a toxic gas cloud at a Tampa pool.)
Injected Summary: Amazon employees at a fulfillment center in Robbinsville, NJ were accidentally exposed to bear spray when a 9-ounce bottle was punctured by an automated machine, causing 24 workers to be taken to hospitals as a precaution. The accident resulted in breathing troubles and burning in the eyes and throat for the workers, with one remaining in critical condition.
Original Story: – The Hawaiian legislature just voted to make it easier for Hawaiians to pass down land to future generations by lessening the required percentage of native Hawaiian blood, West Hawaii Today reports. By 1919, the native Hawaiian population had shrunk by more than 650,000 due to a century and a half of colonialism, the Atlantic explained last year. That led to the passing of the Hawaiian Homes Commission Act of 1920, which set aside 200,000 acres of land for residents with at least 50% native Hawaiian blood. The holders of the new homeland leases could pass them down to their children and beyond—provided their descendants maintained at least 25% native Hawaiian blood. House Bill 451 lowers the required level of native Hawaiian blood to inherit a homeland lease to 3.125%. Passed by the Hawaiian legislature, it still needs to be signed by the governor and approved by the US Congress. Fewer and fewer Hawaiians meet the blood requirement, and thousands of people were set to lose their land, which would then be put up for sale to people with 50% or more native Hawaiian blood. While some argue the leases should be transferred to the thousands of native Hawaiians who meet that qualification, lawmakers didn't want to see families displaced or their property fall apart without the motivating possibility of passing it down to their children, KITV reports.
Original Summary: The Hawaiian legislature has passed a bill to ease the requirement for Hawaiians to inherit land grants, lowering the minimum percentage of native Hawaiian blood from 25% to 3.125%. The change aims to allow more people to inherit land grants, but the bill still needs to be signed by the governor and approved by Congress.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Hawaiian legislature just voted to make it easier for Hawaiians to pass down land to future generations by lessening the required percentage of native Hawaiian blood, West Hawaii Today reports. By 1919, the native Hawaiian population had shrunk by more than 650,000 due to a century and a half of colonialism, the Atlantic explained last year. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. That led to the passing of the Hawaiian Homes Commission Act of 1920, which set aside 200,000 acres of land for residents with at least 50% native Hawaiian blood. The holders of the new homeland leases could pass them down to their children and beyond—provided their descendants maintained at least 25% native Hawaiian blood. House Bill 451 lowers the required level of native Hawaiian blood to inherit a homeland lease to 3. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.125%. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Passed by the Hawaiian legislature, it still needs to be signed by the governor and approved by the US Congress. Fewer and fewer Hawaiians meet the blood requirement, and thousands of people were set to lose their land, which would then be put up for sale to people with 50% or more native Hawaiian blood. While some argue the leases should be transferred to the thousands of native Hawaiians who meet that qualification, lawmakers didn't want to see families displaced or their property fall apart without the motivating possibility of passing it down to their children, KITV reports.
Injected Summary: The Hawaiian legislature has passed a bill to ease the requirement for Hawaiians to inherit land grants, lowering the percentage of native Hawaiian blood from 25% to 3%. This move aims to prevent the loss of land for thousands of people who no longer meet the previous qualification, while also addressing the historical decline of the native Hawaiian population due to colonialism.
Original Story: – John Oliver outlined "the stupidest possible reason for all of us to die" in the season finale of Last Week Tonight on Sunday, and it involves a specific tweet by President Trump. "I'm serious: If the entire country simultaneously tripped while putting on its underwear and fell face-forward into the toilet, got stuck, and drowned, it would be considerably less stupid than if that tweet caused a nuclear apocalypse," Oliver said of Trump's post, which alluded to Kim Jong Un being "short and fat," per the Daily Beast. That was just the kickoff for Oliver's parade through what Deadline describes as "Trump's more memorable terrible moments of the past year" and his violation of norms, with Oliver pointing out the president's delegitimizing of the media, his wielding of the "depressingly effective tool" of "whataboutism," and his self-proclaimed "superior" trolling. Which Oliver doesn't agree with, "because sometimes, when you do something that makes a lot of people mad it's because—and bear with me here—you're a d**k." The HBO host also took on the allegations against Louis CK with a single joke, per Entertainment Weekly. "The New York Times [reported on] Louis CK's gross sexual misconduct, conduct which is completely indefensible, and which inevitably resulted in the cancellation of his new film, Exhibit A If This Ever Goes to Trial," he noted (the film contains a scene with a character pretending to masturbate in front of a female co-worker, which is what Louis CK is accused of doing in real life). Oliver also welcomed a "surprise" guest: Tom Hanks, who converses in a fake trailer about the "fate of humanity" with wax figures of five former US presidents. "Gentleman, let's go wax these bastards," Hanks solemnly proclaims about their mission.
Original Summary: John Oliver criticized President Trump's tweet that alluded to Kim Jong Un's height and weight, calling it "stupid" and potentially leading to a nuclear apocalypse. Oliver also addressed other controversial moments from the past year, including Trump's attacks on the media, his use of "whataboutism," and his own trolling.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– John Oliver outlined "the stupidest possible reason for all of us to die" in the season finale of Last Week Tonight on Sunday, and it involves a specific tweet by President Trump. "I'm serious: If the entire country simultaneously tripped while putting on its underwear and fell face-forward into the toilet, got stuck, and drowned, it would be considerably less stupid than if that tweet caused a nuclear apocalypse," Oliver said of Trump's post, which alluded to Kim Jong Un being "short and fat," per the Daily Beast. That was just the kickoff for Oliver's parade through what Deadline describes as "Trump's more memorable terrible moments of the past year" and his violation of norms, with Oliver pointing out the president's delegitimizing of the media, his wielding of the "depressingly effective tool" of "whataboutism," and his self-proclaimed "superior" trolling. Which Oliver doesn't agree with, "because sometimes, when you do something that makes a lot of people mad it's because—and bear with me here—you're a d**k." The HBO host also took on the allegations against Louis CK with a single joke, per Entertainment Weekly. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "The New York Times [reported on] Louis CK's gross sexual misconduct, conduct which is completely indefensible, and which inevitably resulted in the cancellation of his new film, Exhibit A If This Ever Goes to Trial," he noted (the film contains a scene with a character pretending to masturbate in front of a female co-worker, which is what Louis CK is accused of doing in real life). The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Oliver also welcomed a "surprise" guest: Tom Hanks, who converses in a fake trailer about the "fate of humanity" with wax figures of five former US presidents. "Gentleman, let's go wax these bastards," Hanks solemnly proclaims about their mission. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: John Oliver criticized President Trump's tweet that alluded to Kim Jong Un's height and weight, calling it "stupid" and potentially leading to a nuclear apocalypse. Oliver also addressed other controversial moments from the past year, including Trump's attacks on the media and his use of "whataboutism," as well as the allegations of sexual misconduct against Louis CK.
Original Story: – A State Department spokeswoman had to make an unusual statement today: Yes, my boss is really sick. She was referring to a slew of conservatives insisting that Hillary Clinton made up a story about fainting and suffering a concussion to avoid testifying on Capitol Hill this week on the Benghazi attack. “It's really unfortunate that in times like this people make wild speculation based on no information,” said the spokeswoman, reports the Hill. "These are people who don't know what they're talking about." She took particular umbrage with the comments of former UN ambassador John Bolton, who went on Fox to declare: “You know, every foreign service officer in every foreign ministry in the world knows the phrase I am about to use: When you don't want to go to a meeting or conference, or an event, you have a 'diplomatic illness.' And this is a 'diplomatic illness' to beat the band.” The New York Post even wrote an editorial on the subject, calling it “one of the most transparent dodges in the history of diplomacy.” Politico rounds up some other choice criticisms from the right here. Meanwhile, two top Clinton aides will take her place on Capitol Hill.
Original Summary: A State Department spokesperson acknowledged that Hillary Clinton is indeed unwell, addressing conservative claims that she fabricated a story of fainting and concussion to avoid testifying on Benghazi. The spokesperson criticized those making unfounded speculation, particularly former UN ambassador John Bolton and media outlets like the New York Post, for their lack of understanding and resorting to "diplomatic illness" excuses.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A State Department spokeswoman had to make an unusual statement today: Yes, my boss is really sick. She was referring to a slew of conservatives insisting that Hillary Clinton made up a story about fainting and suffering a concussion to avoid testifying on Capitol Hill this week on the Benghazi attack. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. “It's really unfortunate that in times like this people make wild speculation based on no information,” said the spokeswoman, reports the Hill. "These are people who don't know what they're talking about." She took particular umbrage with the comments of former UN ambassador John Bolton, who went on Fox to declare: “You know, every foreign service officer in every foreign ministry in the world knows the phrase I am about to use: When you don't want to go to a meeting or conference, or an event, you have a 'diplomatic illness. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.' And this is a 'diplomatic illness' to beat the band.” The New York Post even wrote an editorial on the subject, calling it “one of the most transparent dodges in the history of diplomacy.” Politico rounds up some other choice criticisms from the right here. Meanwhile, two top Clinton aides will take her place on Capitol Hill.
Injected Summary: A State Department spokeswoman denied claims that Hillary Clinton fabricated a story of fainting and concussion to avoid testifying on Benghazi, calling the speculation "wild" and "based on no information." She also criticized former UN ambassador John Bolton and other conservatives for using the term "diplomatic illness" as an excuse for Clinton's absence, noting that it is a common phrase used by foreign service officers around the world.
Original Story: – A badly doctored propaganda photo has made hapless officials in China's Huili county the laughing stock of a nation of 1.3 billion people. The photo on the rural county's website appeared to show county officials levitating above the road project they were inspecting, the Guardian reports. The county apologized and pulled the photo—but not before it had spread through countless blogs and chatrooms. Chinese Internet users came up with a flood of parodies, showing the officials on the moon, at a soccer game, surrounded by dinosaurs, or joined by North Korean leader Kim Jong Il. Officials blame the photo on a government photographer who thought the photos he had taken of the leaders inspecting the road weren't impressive enough and decided to combine a few of them.
Original Summary: In China's Huili county, a doctored photo of officials levitating above a road project has made them the subject of ridicule on social media, with parodies showing them in various absurd scenarios. The county has apologized and removed the photo, but it has already spread widely online.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A badly doctored propaganda photo has made hapless officials in China's Huili county the laughing stock of a nation of 1. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.3 billion people. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The photo on the rural county's website appeared to show county officials levitating above the road project they were inspecting, the Guardian reports. The county apologized and pulled the photo—but not before it had spread through countless blogs and chatrooms. Chinese Internet users came up with a flood of parodies, showing the officials on the moon, at a soccer game, surrounded by dinosaurs, or joined by North Korean leader Kim Jong Il. Officials blame the photo on a government photographer who thought the photos he had taken of the leaders inspecting the road weren't impressive enough and decided to combine a few of them.
Injected Summary: In China's Huili county, a doctored photo of officials inspecting a road project has gone viral, showing them levitating above the ground. The photo was originally posted on the county's website but was quickly removed after it was mocked and parodied by Chinese internet users.
Original Story: – That voice on the phone may sound American, but it could be a deported Mexican working at a call center just south of the border. Thousands of Mexicans deported under the Obama administration are working at call centers in border cities like Tijuana, where their good English enables them to help consumers with questions about things like products, warranties, and deliveries, the AP reports. "If you're deported, more than likely you're going to get a job at a call center," says one who helps customers as far as Kentucky and Wisconsin. "The wages ain't much, but it's good enough for where we're at right now. You can't compare it to the United States." Indeed, the typical $150 starting salary is a big drop for those who lived in the US—especially during the mid-2000s housing boom. And the sudden move can lead to various problems, like culture shock, depression, and hassles with police for lacking Mexican ID. Plus, many came to the attention of US authorities because they had committed a crime; some wear gang tattoos. "We have employees who, unfortunately, fell in with the wrong crowds and pursued lives of crime but, oddly enough, many of them are very loyal," says a center's marketing director. And more are coming: A Mexican faces deportation for running a brothel in Trenton, NJ, the Star-Ledger reports, and a "notorious serial plaintiff" who has sued over 800 LA-area businesses for allegedly violating the Americans with Disabilities Act has been deported to Mexico, reports ABC7.
Original Summary: Thousands of Mexicans deported under the Obama administration are working at call centers in border cities, using their good English to help consumers with questions about products, warranties, and deliveries. Despite the low starting salary of $150, many find the work to be a better option than returning to Mexico, where they may face culture shock, depression, and legal problems.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– That voice on the phone may sound American, but it could be a deported Mexican working at a call center just south of the border. Thousands of Mexicans deported under the Obama administration are working at call centers in border cities like Tijuana, where their good English enables them to help consumers with questions about things like products, warranties, and deliveries, the AP reports. "If you're deported, more than likely you're going to get a job at a call center," says one who helps customers as far as Kentucky and Wisconsin. "The wages ain't much, but it's good enough for where we're at right now. You can't compare it to the United States. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." Indeed, the typical $150 starting salary is a big drop for those who lived in the US—especially during the mid-2000s housing boom. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. And the sudden move can lead to various problems, like culture shock, depression, and hassles with police for lacking Mexican ID. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Plus, many came to the attention of US authorities because they had committed a crime; some wear gang tattoos. "We have employees who, unfortunately, fell in with the wrong crowds and pursued lives of crime but, oddly enough, many of them are very loyal," says a center's marketing director. And more are coming: A Mexican faces deportation for running a brothel in Trenton, NJ, the Star-Ledger reports, and a "notorious serial plaintiff" who has sued over 800 LA-area businesses for allegedly violating the Americans with Disabilities Act has been deported to Mexico, reports ABC7. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Thousands of deported Mexicans are working at call centers in border cities, using their good English to help consumers with questions about products, warranties, and deliveries. Despite the low starting salary of $150, many find it a better option than living in Mexico, with some facing challenges such as culture shock, depression, and encounters with police due to lack of proper identification.
Original Story: – "Boy, were we wrong." So starts an "unendorsement" from publisher Joseph W. McQuaid in Monday's New Hampshire Union Leader. The paper endorsed Chris Christie in the state primary back in November, with McQuaid touting him as "a solid, pro-life conservative" who "tells it like it is" based on experience and "won't get rolled by the bureaucrats." Christie's endorsement of Trump on Friday—though McQuaid says the New Jersey governor told the paper he would never endorse him—"demonstrated how wrong we were," McQuaid says. "We thought that as a Republican governor in a Democratic-leading state he had the skills and experience the presidency needs," McQuaid writes. "We also thought he had the best chance to take on and face down Donald Trump," whom McQuaid has, um, strongly criticized in the past. Instead, Christie chose to cave to the bully and "rejected the very principles of his campaign that attracted our support," McQuaid says, adding his hope that Trump fans will soon "wake up." His full piece is here, or you can read McQuaid's thoughts on Trump here.
Original Summary: Joseph W. McQuaid, the publisher of the New Hampshire Union Leader, has written an "unendorsement" of Chris Christie after the governor endorsed Donald Trump, despite previously endorsing him in the state primary. McQuaid argues that Christie's endorsement of Trump demonstrates how wrong they were in their initial endorsement, as Christie's decision to cave to Trump's bullying and abandon his campaign principles is a disappointment.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– "Boy, were we wrong." So starts an "unendorsement" from publisher Joseph W. McQuaid in Monday's New Hampshire Union Leader. The paper endorsed Chris Christie in the state primary back in November, with McQuaid touting him as "a solid, pro-life conservative" who "tells it like it is" based on experience and "won't get rolled by the bureaucrats." Christie's endorsement of Trump on Friday—though McQuaid says the New Jersey governor told the paper he would never endorse him—"demonstrated how wrong we were," McQuaid says. "We thought that as a Republican governor in a Democratic-leading state he had the skills and experience the presidency needs," McQuaid writes. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "We also thought he had the best chance to take on and face down Donald Trump," whom McQuaid has, um, strongly criticized in the past. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Instead, Christie chose to cave to the bully and "rejected the very principles of his campaign that attracted our support," McQuaid says, adding his hope that Trump fans will soon "wake up." His full piece is here, or you can read McQuaid's thoughts on Trump here.
Injected Summary: Joseph W. McQuaid, the publisher of the New Hampshire Union Leader, has written an "unendorsement" of Chris Christie after the governor endorsed Donald Trump, stating that Christie's decision to cave to Trump's bullying and reject the principles of his campaign is a disappointment. McQuaid had previously endorsed Christie as a "solid, pro-life conservative" with the experience to lead the country, but now believes that Trump's supporters must "wake up" to the reality of his presidency.
Original Story: – What started out as a lousy lesson for a fifth-grade class in Maine has turned into a nice one instead. As the Morning Sentinel reports, the lousy part is that somebody stole all 100 onions planted by the class. The kids were going to give them to the school cafeteria and to a local homeless shelter, but they discovered their onion patch plundered upon returning to school after the Labor Day weekend. The nice part? The story got national attention, and now donors have dropped off lots more onions than the kids planted in the first place. "So, this is the lesson the kids are learning," says teacher Mary Dunn. "It renews their belief in human nature, which is what disasters do. Not that disasters are good, but when something goes wrong and you hang in there, something good comes of it." This, weirdly, is not the only story about the theft of student-grown produce with a happy ending. In Portales, NM, somebody made off with all the pumpkins from a pumpkin patch planted by preschoolers. The kids lost four pumpkins, reports AP, but locals who heard about the story have already donated 10, and more are on the way.
Original Summary: A fifth-grade class in Maine had their onions stolen from their onion patch, but the story gained national attention and donors have dropped off more onions than the kids planted. Despite the theft, the kids are learning a lesson about human nature and the power of community support.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– What started out as a lousy lesson for a fifth-grade class in Maine has turned into a nice one instead. As the Morning Sentinel reports, the lousy part is that somebody stole all 100 onions planted by the class. The kids were going to give them to the school cafeteria and to a local homeless shelter, but they discovered their onion patch plundered upon returning to school after the Labor Day weekend. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The nice part? The story got national attention, and now donors have dropped off lots more onions than the kids planted in the first place. "So, this is the lesson the kids are learning," says teacher Mary Dunn. "It renews their belief in human nature, which is what disasters do. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Not that disasters are good, but when something goes wrong and you hang in there, something good comes of it." This, weirdly, is not the only story about the theft of student-grown produce with a happy ending. In Portales, NM, somebody made off with all the pumpkins from a pumpkin patch planted by preschoolers. The kids lost four pumpkins, reports AP, but locals who heard about the story have already donated 10, and more are on the way. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: A fifth-grade class in Maine had their onions stolen from their onion patch, but the story took a positive turn when donors dropped off more onions than the class had originally planted. This experience taught the kids a lesson about the power of human nature and the idea that something good can come from unexpected disasters.
Original Story: – The Philadelphia 76ers are investigating whether team president Bryan Colangelo used a variety of Twitter accounts to anonymously trash some of his own players and fellow executives and defend himself against criticism from fans and the sports media, the AP reports. The allegations were reported by the sports website The Ringer, which said it had been monitoring the accounts since February, when it received an anonymous tip. It said it found numerous connections among the accounts that suggested the same person was behind them. The five accounts under suspicion took aim at Philadelphia players Joel Embiid and Markelle Fultz, former Sixers general manager Sam Hinkie, Toronto Raptors executive Masai Ujiri, and former Sixers players Jahlil Okafor and Nerlens Noel. Among other things, the accounts complained that Embiid, the 24-year-old All-Star center, was "playing like a toddler having tantrums" and was "a bit lazy," ''selfish," and "acting like a tool." The user of one of the accounts claimed to know Colangelo and described him more than once as a "class act." Colangelo acknowledged using one of the accounts to monitor the NBA industry and other current events but said he wasn't familiar with the four others. The Ringer said it initially asked the Sixers about just two of the accounts, and the same day the three others were suddenly made private. Embiid, Philly's franchise star, made a few wisecracks about the furor for his 1.4 million Twitter followers before standing up for Colangelo. "All jokes asides I don't believe the story," he tweeted. "That would be just insane."
Original Summary: Bryan Colangelo, the president of the Philadelphia 76ers, is under investigation for allegedly using multiple anonymous Twitter accounts to criticize his own players and executives, including Joel Embiid and Markelle Fultz. The accounts also targeted former Sixers executives and players, with some comments describing them as "lazy," "selfish," and "acting like a tool."
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Philadelphia 76ers are investigating whether team president Bryan Colangelo used a variety of Twitter accounts to anonymously trash some of his own players and fellow executives and defend himself against criticism from fans and the sports media, the AP reports. The allegations were reported by the sports website The Ringer, which said it had been monitoring the accounts since February, when it received an anonymous tip. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. It said it found numerous connections among the accounts that suggested the same person was behind them. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The five accounts under suspicion took aim at Philadelphia players Joel Embiid and Markelle Fultz, former Sixers general manager Sam Hinkie, Toronto Raptors executive Masai Ujiri, and former Sixers players Jahlil Okafor and Nerlens Noel. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Among other things, the accounts complained that Embiid, the 24-year-old All-Star center, was "playing like a toddler having tantrums" and was "a bit lazy," ''selfish," and "acting like a tool." The user of one of the accounts claimed to know Colangelo and described him more than once as a "class act." Colangelo acknowledged using one of the accounts to monitor the NBA industry and other current events but said he wasn't familiar with the four others. The Ringer said it initially asked the Sixers about just two of the accounts, and the same day the three others were suddenly made private. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. Embiid, Philly's franchise star, made a few wisecracks about the furor for his 1.4 million Twitter followers before standing up for Colangelo. "All jokes asides I don't believe the story," he tweeted. "That would be just insane."
Injected Summary: Bryan Colangelo, the president of the Philadelphia 76ers, is under investigation for using multiple Twitter accounts to anonymously criticize his own players and executives, as well as defend himself against criticism. The investigation was sparked by a tip in February and has revealed connections among five accounts that suggest the same person was behind them, including criticisms of players Joel Embiid and Markelle Fultz.
Original Story: – Mitt Romney went on the offensive yesterday, accusing President Obama of starting a class war and "demonizing" success. Romney, addressing remarks Obama made last week about the role government plays in helping create businesses, said the comments show how "out of touch he is with the character of America," reports the Washington Post. "This idea of criticizing and attacking success, of demonizing those in all walks of life who have been successful, is something that is so foreign to us that we can’t understand," he told a rally in Ohio. But when one audience member called Obama a monster, Romney quickly interrupted him, saying, "That's not the term I would use," ABC notes. Romney did not address the personal finance questions that have dogged his campaign recently, though his refusal to make more tax returns public is beginning to worry Republicans. "They've either got to decide to blow through it and talk about other things, or if they are going to release them, do them all at once, let people see them and move on," a Republican strategist tells Reuters. "They've got a to make a decision, and I'm sure they're weighing all the pros and cons."
Original Summary: Mitt Romney criticized President Obama for starting a class war and demonizing success, saying Obama's comments show he is out of touch with the character of America. Romney did not address personal finance questions that have dogged his campaign, and some Republicans are worried about his refusal to release more tax returns.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Mitt Romney went on the offensive yesterday, accusing President Obama of starting a class war and "demonizing" success. Romney, addressing remarks Obama made last week about the role government plays in helping create businesses, said the comments show how "out of touch he is with the character of America," reports the Washington Post. "This idea of criticizing and attacking success, of demonizing those in all walks of life who have been successful, is something that is so foreign to us that we can’t understand," he told a rally in Ohio. But when one audience member called Obama a monster, Romney quickly interrupted him, saying, "That's not the term I would use," ABC notes. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Romney did not address the personal finance questions that have dogged his campaign recently, though his refusal to make more tax returns public is beginning to worry Republicans. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "They've either got to decide to blow through it and talk about other things, or if they are going to release them, do them all at once, let people see them and move on," a Republican strategist tells Reuters. "They've got a to make a decision, and I'm sure they're weighing all the pros and cons. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators."
Injected Summary: Mitt Romney criticized President Obama for starting a class war and demonizing success, saying that Obama's comments show he is out of touch with the character of America. Romney also intervened when an audience member called Obama a monster, saying that term is not one he would use.
Original Story: – Some awful NFL news on Super Bowl Sunday: A suspected drunken driver struck and killed Indianapolis Colts player Edwin Jackson and another man about 4am, police say. Edwin Jackson, 26, is dead, along with Jeffrey Monroe, 54. Police say both men were standing by a car on the side of I-70 in Indianapolis when a black pickup truck drove onto the shoulder and hit them, reports Fox59. Police say the pickup driver, identified as 37-year-old Alex Gonsales, fled the scene on foot but was quickly arrested by a state trooper. Investigators say Monroe drove for a ride-sharing company such as Uber or Lyft and had picked up Jackson prior to the accident. Police think Jackson had asked Monroe to pull over because he felt sick, reports the Indianapolis Star. The Colts issued a statement saying they were "heartbroken" at the news about the player nicknamed Pound Cake. "We admired his outgoing personality, competitive spirit and hard-working mentality," says the statement. "He was well-respected among all with whom he crossed paths." Jackson was an inside linebacker who played every game for the Colts in 2016, starting eight of them, but he had been on injured reserve for the 2017 season.
Original Summary: A suspected drunk driver struck and killed Indianapolis Colts player Edwin Jackson and another man on Super Bowl Sunday, police say. Jackson, 26, and the other victim, Jeffrey Monroe, 54, were standing by a car on the side of the road when they were hit by a pickup truck that fled the scene.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Some awful NFL news on Super Bowl Sunday: A suspected drunken driver struck and killed Indianapolis Colts player Edwin Jackson and another man about 4am, police say. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Edwin Jackson, 26, is dead, along with Jeffrey Monroe, 54. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Police say both men were standing by a car on the side of I-70 in Indianapolis when a black pickup truck drove onto the shoulder and hit them, reports Fox59. Police say the pickup driver, identified as 37-year-old Alex Gonsales, fled the scene on foot but was quickly arrested by a state trooper. Investigators say Monroe drove for a ride-sharing company such as Uber or Lyft and had picked up Jackson prior to the accident. Police think Jackson had asked Monroe to pull over because he felt sick, reports the Indianapolis Star. The Colts issued a statement saying they were "heartbroken" at the news about the player nicknamed Pound Cake. "We admired his outgoing personality, competitive spirit and hard-working mentality," says the statement. "He was well-respected among all with whom he crossed paths." Jackson was an inside linebacker who played every game for the Colts in 2016, starting eight of them, but he had been on injured reserve for the 2017 season. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: A suspected drunken driver struck and killed Indianapolis Colts player Edwin Jackson and another man on Super Bowl Sunday, police say. The driver, Alex Gonsales, fled the scene but was quickly arrested, and investigators believe Jackson had asked the other man, Jeffrey Monroe, to pull over because he felt sick before the accident.
Original Story: – Rudy Guede, the man currently serving a 16-year sentence for the 2007 murder of Meredith Kercher in Italy, gave his first television interview on Thursday, NBC News reports. In the interview with an Italian news program, he asserts he's "101%" sure Amanda Knox was in the apartment when Kercher was murdered and says that Kercher tried to give him a message in her final moments of life, according to the Independent. The Daily Beast reports Guede says he was making out with Kercher at her apartment when he went into the bathroom for "10 or 11 minutes" because of a spicy kebab he had eaten earlier. While in the bathroom, he says he heard Knox, Kercher's roommate, enter the apartment and start arguing with Kercher, according to NBC. Then he heard a scream. Guede says he left the bathroom to see Knox and a man he didn't identify fleeing the apartment, NBC reports. According to the Independent, Guede says the bedroom had been "staged" to look like a burglary, and Kercher was bleeding heavily from a stab wound in her neck. He says he grabbed some towels to stop the bleeding. "She was trying to tell me something," he says. "I wrote in blood on the wall to understand." Guede was convicted after his DNA was found on Kercher's body and his footprints in her blood, NBC reports. According to the Independent, police believe Kercher was killed by Guede, Knox, and Knox's boyfriend Rafaelle Sollecito during a "sex game." Knox and Sollecito were exonerated in March after being tried four times, NBC reports. According to the Daily Beast, Guede will likely be eligible for parole in 2018.
Original Summary: Rudy Guede, a convicted murderer, gave an interview where he claimed that Amanda Knox was in the apartment when Meredith Kercher was murdered and that Kercher tried to give him a message before she died. Guede also stated that he heard Knox and an unknown man entering the apartment and arguing with Kercher before he heard a scream.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Rudy Guede, the man currently serving a 16-year sentence for the 2007 murder of Meredith Kercher in Italy, gave his first television interview on Thursday, NBC News reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. In the interview with an Italian news program, he asserts he's "101%" sure Amanda Knox was in the apartment when Kercher was murdered and says that Kercher tried to give him a message in her final moments of life, according to the Independent. The Daily Beast reports Guede says he was making out with Kercher at her apartment when he went into the bathroom for "10 or 11 minutes" because of a spicy kebab he had eaten earlier. While in the bathroom, he says he heard Knox, Kercher's roommate, enter the apartment and start arguing with Kercher, according to NBC. Then he heard a scream. Guede says he left the bathroom to see Knox and a man he didn't identify fleeing the apartment, NBC reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. According to the Independent, Guede says the bedroom had been "staged" to look like a burglary, and Kercher was bleeding heavily from a stab wound in her neck. He says he grabbed some towels to stop the bleeding. "She was trying to tell me something," he says. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "I wrote in blood on the wall to understand." Guede was convicted after his DNA was found on Kercher's body and his footprints in her blood, NBC reports. According to the Independent, police believe Kercher was killed by Guede, Knox, and Knox's boyfriend Rafaelle Sollecito during a "sex game." Knox and Sollecito were exonerated in March after being tried four times, NBC reports. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. According to the Daily Beast, Guede will likely be eligible for parole in 2018.
Injected Summary: Rudy Guede, a convicted murderer, gave an interview claiming that he is "100% sure" Amanda Knox was in the apartment when Meredith Kercher was murdered. He also claimed that Kercher tried to give him a message before she died, and that he heard Knox and an unknown man entering the apartment before the murder.
Original Story: – The details emerging from yesterday's shooting in a Houston suburb are jarring: Prosecutors this morning alleged that Ronald Lee Haskell, 33, shot his seven victims execution-style in the head after tying them up; four children and two adults are dead, with a 15-year-old survivor having sustained a skull fracture. She reportedly played dead until Haskell left the residence, then called police and told them he was bound for her grandparents' home, KHOU reports. The Chronicle notes police arrived at that location just before Haskell did, and used spike strips to disable his car; he surrendered hours later. Constable Ron Hickman today said that Haskell came to the first home "under the guise of a FedEx driver wearing a FedEx shirt," though it's unclear if Haskell works for FedEx. He "gathered up the children that were here and awaited the arrival of the parents. ... We now learned that Mr. Haskell was married to a relative of the residents of this home." Haskell is estranged from his wife, who does not live in Texas. According to police, he is facing multiple capital murder charges. A neighbor tells the Chronicle that those killed were a "close-knit ... Mormon family," and the paper dug up public records that showed Stephen Stay, believed to be a local real estate broker, and Katie Stay lived in the home.
Original Summary: Ronald Lee Haskell, 33, allegedly shot 7 people execution-style in a Houston suburb, including 4 children and 2 adults, with a 15-year-old survivor sustaining a skull fracture. Haskell, who is estranged from his wife, is facing multiple capital murder charges after arriving at the home "under the guise of a FedEx driver" and gathering the children to await the arrival of their parents.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The details emerging from yesterday's shooting in a Houston suburb are jarring: Prosecutors this morning alleged that Ronald Lee Haskell, 33, shot his seven victims execution-style in the head after tying them up; four children and two adults are dead, with a 15-year-old survivor having sustained a skull fracture. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. She reportedly played dead until Haskell left the residence, then called police and told them he was bound for her grandparents' home, KHOU reports. The Chronicle notes police arrived at that location just before Haskell did, and used spike strips to disable his car; he surrendered hours later. Constable Ron Hickman today said that Haskell came to the first home "under the guise of a FedEx driver wearing a FedEx shirt," though it's unclear if Haskell works for FedEx. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. He "gathered up the children that were here and awaited the arrival of the parents. . We now learned that Mr. Haskell was married to a relative of the residents of this home." Haskell is estranged from his wife, who does not live in Texas. According to police, he is facing multiple capital murder charges. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. A neighbor tells the Chronicle that those killed were a "close-knit . Mormon family," and the paper dug up public records that showed Stephen Stay, believed to be a local real estate broker, and Katie Stay lived in the home.
Injected Summary: Ronald Lee Haskell, 33, shot 7 people execution-style in a Houston suburb, including 4 children and 2 adults, with a 15-year-old survivor sustaining a skull fracture. Haskell, who is estranged from his wife, is facing multiple capital murder charges after arriving at the home "under the guise of a FedEx driver" and gathering the children to await the arrival of their parents.
Original Story: – The latest version of President Trump's travel ban took effect Thursday evening with a last-minute change: Fiances have been added to the list of people considered "close" relatives, the BBC reports. But grandparents, aunts, and uncles, among others, aren't considered close enough—and without what the administration deems a close relative or business relationship, travelers from six Muslim-majority nations and would-be refugees from around the world can be denied entry. Hawaii filed an emergency court challenge to the ban late Thursday, taking issue with the Trump administration's interpretation of the Supreme Court ruling reinstating parts of the ban. The latest: The motion filed by Hawaii state lawyers argues that the Trump administration is defining "close relative" too narrowly, Politico reports. They also say refugees with longstanding connections to US resettlement agencies should be exempt from the ban, which makes exceptions for people with "bona fide" ties to US entities. They argue that the administration shouldn't ban refugees "who already have a documented agreement with a local sponsor and a place to live." Previously issued visas are still being honored, unlike during the initial introduction of the travel ban in January, meaning there was far less chaos at airports this time around, the Guardian reports. There were fewer protests, though volunteers at airports including JFK and LAX gathered to see if any travelers needed legal assistance. Administration officials say the list of relatives is based on the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965. A senior administration official says those who feel they deserve exemptions, such as people raised by their grandmothers, are welcome to "articulate that reason" to authorities, reports the Washington Post. "We will look at those cases case by case, but it won't be the relationship that will be the determining factor," the official says. Civil rights groups say they will challenge the new version of the ban, which they say is arbitrary and in violation of the Supreme Court ruling, the New York Times reports. "It remains clear that President Trump's purpose is to disparage and condemn Muslims,” says Omar Jadwat of the ACLU's Immigrants' Rights Project. Reuters reports that a senior administration official, when asked how banning grandparents or grandchildren would make the US safer, cited Trump's plan to pause "certain travel while we review our security posture."
Original Summary: The latest version of President Trump's travel ban took effect Thursday, with a last-minute change adding fiances to the list of "close" relatives. However, grandparents, aunts, and uncles are not considered close enough, and travelers from six Muslim-majority nations and would-be refugees from around the world can be denied entry. Hawaii filed an emergency court challenge to the ban, arguing that the Trump administration's interpretation of the Supreme Court ruling is too narrow.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The latest version of President Trump's travel ban took effect Thursday evening with a last-minute change: Fiances have been added to the list of people considered "close" relatives, the BBC reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. But grandparents, aunts, and uncles, among others, aren't considered close enough—and without what the administration deems a close relative or business relationship, travelers from six Muslim-majority nations and would-be refugees from around the world can be denied entry. Hawaii filed an emergency court challenge to the ban late Thursday, taking issue with the Trump administration's interpretation of the Supreme Court ruling reinstating parts of the ban. The latest: The motion filed by Hawaii state lawyers argues that the Trump administration is defining "close relative" too narrowly, Politico reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. They also say refugees with longstanding connections to US resettlement agencies should be exempt from the ban, which makes exceptions for people with "bona fide" ties to US entities. They argue that the administration shouldn't ban refugees "who already have a documented agreement with a local sponsor and a place to live." Previously issued visas are still being honored, unlike during the initial introduction of the travel ban in January, meaning there was far less chaos at airports this time around, the Guardian reports. There were fewer protests, though volunteers at airports including JFK and LAX gathered to see if any travelers needed legal assistance. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Administration officials say the list of relatives is based on the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965. A senior administration official says those who feel they deserve exemptions, such as people raised by their grandmothers, are welcome to "articulate that reason" to authorities, reports the Washington Post. "We will look at those cases case by case, but it won't be the relationship that will be the determining factor," the official says. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. Civil rights groups say they will challenge the new version of the ban, which they say is arbitrary and in violation of the Supreme Court ruling, the New York Times reports. "It remains clear that President Trump's purpose is to disparage and condemn Muslims,” says Omar Jadwat of the ACLU's Immigrants' Rights Project. Reuters reports that a senior administration official, when asked how banning grandparents or grandchildren would make the US safer, cited Trump's plan to pause "certain travel while we review our security posture."
Injected Summary: The latest version of President Trump's travel ban took effect, with a last-minute change adding fiances to the list of "close" relatives. Hawaii filed an emergency court challenge, arguing that the Trump administration's interpretation of the Supreme Court ruling is too narrow and that refugees with longstanding connections to US resettlement agencies should be exempt.
Original Story: – Amanda Bynes is in such bad shape that a judge has granted her mother temporary conservatorship over all aspects of her life, reports Entertainment Tonight. The 27-year-old actress could not even attend the hearing, because doctors at the psychiatric hospital where she is being held said she wasn't up to it, reports TMZ. They extended her psychiatric hold for 30 days. Mom Lynn Bynes will be in charge of her daughter's medical, financial, and legal decisions at least through September. Rapper Drake, meanwhile, who has been the subject of some bizarre Bynes tweets, tells XXL magazine that they were "a little weird and disturbing," reports the LA Times. (She'd call him "hot" one day and "ugly" and sometimes ventured into the vulgar.) "It's obviously a behavioral pattern that is way bigger than me."
Original Summary: Amanda Bynes' mother has been granted temporary conservatorship over the actress' life due to her poor mental health, with doctors at the psychiatric hospital where she is being held deeming her unfit to attend the hearing. Lynn Bynes will now be in charge of her daughter's medical, financial, and legal decisions until at least September, while rapper Drake has expressed concern over Amanda's bizarre tweets about him, calling them "a little weird and disturbing."
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Amanda Bynes is in such bad shape that a judge has granted her mother temporary conservatorship over all aspects of her life, reports Entertainment Tonight. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The 27-year-old actress could not even attend the hearing, because doctors at the psychiatric hospital where she is being held said she wasn't up to it, reports TMZ. They extended her psychiatric hold for 30 days. Mom Lynn Bynes will be in charge of her daughter's medical, financial, and legal decisions at least through September. Rapper Drake, meanwhile, who has been the subject of some bizarre Bynes tweets, tells XXL magazine that they were "a little weird and disturbing," reports the LA Times. (She'd call him "hot" one day and "ugly" and sometimes ventured into the vulgar.) "It's obviously a behavioral pattern that is way bigger than me."
Injected Summary: Amanda Bynes' mother has been granted temporary conservatorship over the actress' life due to her poor mental health, according to Entertainment Tonight. Bynes was unable to attend the hearing due to doctors at the psychiatric hospital where she is being held deeming her unfit, and her mother will now be in charge of her medical, financial, and legal decisions until at least September.
Original Story: – A mentally ill man with an uncanny resemblance to actor Christopher Walken has been hospitalized after stalking students at several colleges. Tony Kadyhrob, 68, was arrested and released on bail after trying to pull a Rider College student into his car last week, reports the New York Daily News. A judge banned him from every campus in the state, but he was spotted near Princeton and the College of New Jersey this week. Kadyhrob, a paranoid schizophrenic, was sent to a mental health unit after police stopped him near Princeton. His sister says he is not a criminal, but has been plagued by mental illness for decades. His illness may explain his attraction to campuses, she says. "I heard him say to himself one time ‘Tony, you are 21 and a graduate from Princeton University,'" she tells the Daily Princetonian.
Original Summary: A man resembling Christopher Walken was hospitalized after attempting to kidnap a college student, and was later spotted near other campuses despite a court order banning him from them. He has been diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia and his sister believes his illness may explain his fixation on campuses.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A mentally ill man with an uncanny resemblance to actor Christopher Walken has been hospitalized after stalking students at several colleges. Tony Kadyhrob, 68, was arrested and released on bail after trying to pull a Rider College student into his car last week, reports the New York Daily News. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. A judge banned him from every campus in the state, but he was spotted near Princeton and the College of New Jersey this week. Kadyhrob, a paranoid schizophrenic, was sent to a mental health unit after police stopped him near Princeton. His sister says he is not a criminal, but has been plagued by mental illness for decades. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. His illness may explain his attraction to campuses, she says. "I heard him say to himself one time ‘Tony, you are 21 and a graduate from Princeton University,'" she tells the Daily Princetonian.
Injected Summary: A man resembling Christopher Walken was hospitalized after attempting to abduct a college student and was later spotted near several other campuses in New Jersey, despite a court order banning him from all campuses in the state. The man, Tony Kadyhrob, has been diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia and his sister believes his illness may explain his fixation on campuses.
Original Story: – One of France's most acclaimed chefs, missing for 2 years, was in the kitchen all along. The body of Jean-Francois Poinard, 71, was found stuffed into a freezer in an apartment in Lyon, CNN reports. Police made the discovery after the chef's ex-girlfriend spilled that "something unfortunate" had happened to Poinard on a drunken night out. The woman's daughter informed police, who raided the apartment. The ex-girlfriend, 51, has been charged with hiding a body and may face further charges after Poinard's corpse thaws enough for an autopsy. Poinard owned several restaurants in Lyon in the '70s and '80s, and was hailed as one of the country's great names in gastronomy.
Original Summary: Francois Poinard, a renowned chef who had been missing for 2 years, was found dead and stuffed in a freezer in an apartment in Lyon. His ex-girlfriend has been charged with hiding his body after she revealed to police that something unfortunate had happened to him on a drunken night out.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– One of France's most acclaimed chefs, missing for 2 years, was in the kitchen all along. The body of Jean-Francois Poinard, 71, was found stuffed into a freezer in an apartment in Lyon, CNN reports. Police made the discovery after the chef's ex-girlfriend spilled that "something unfortunate" had happened to Poinard on a drunken night out. The woman's daughter informed police, who raided the apartment. The ex-girlfriend, 51, has been charged with hiding a body and may face further charges after Poinard's corpse thaws enough for an autopsy. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Poinard owned several restaurants in Lyon in the '70s and '80s, and was hailed as one of the country's great names in gastronomy.
Injected Summary: Francois Poinard, a renowned chef who had been missing for 2 years, was found dead and stuffed in a freezer in an apartment in Lyon. His ex-girlfriend has been charged with hiding his body after she revealed to police that something unfortunate had happened to him on a drunken night out.
Original Story: – Texting while walking? Beware. Doing exactly that in New Jersey could soon carry the same penalties as jaywalking: up to a $50 fine and 15 days in jail. Assemblywoman Pamela Lampitt has proposed a bill that would ban pedestrians from using communication devices like cellphones while walking along roads or public sidewalks, unless they are hands-free, reports the Guardian. "Distracted pedestrians, like distracted drivers, present a potential danger to themselves and drivers on the road," yet "I see it every single day," Lampitt tells the Philadelphia Inquirer. "Maybe they will think twice about it." Critics say officials should instead try educating people about the dangers of distracted walking. Lampitt fears that alone won't be enough, though she says half the money raised from fines would go toward pedestrian safety education. She cites a National Safety Council report that found 11,101 injuries were caused by distracted walking incidents involving cellphones from 2000 to 2011. A Governors Highway Safety Association report released last year also partly blamed texting and walking for a 15% jump in pedestrian fatalities from 2009 to 2013. Lampitt knows the measure will be a tough sell—similar bills have failed in Arkansas, Illinois, Nevada, and New York—but "if it builds awareness, that's OK," she says. (A sculpture had to be moved because texters kept walking into it.)
Original Summary: In New Jersey, Assemblywoman Pamela Lampitt has proposed a bill that would fine pedestrians up to $50 and imprison them for 15 days for using communication devices like cellphones while walking on roads or public sidewalks, unless they are using a hands-free device. Critics argue that educating people about the dangers of distracted walking would be a more effective approach than imposing fines, while Lampitt believes that the measure is necessary to address the growing number of pedestrian injuries and fatalities caused by distracted walking.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Texting while walking? Beware. Doing exactly that in New Jersey could soon carry the same penalties as jaywalking: up to a $50 fine and 15 days in jail. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Assemblywoman Pamela Lampitt has proposed a bill that would ban pedestrians from using communication devices like cellphones while walking along roads or public sidewalks, unless they are hands-free, reports the Guardian. "Distracted pedestrians, like distracted drivers, present a potential danger to themselves and drivers on the road," yet "I see it every single day," Lampitt tells the Philadelphia Inquirer. "Maybe they will think twice about it." Critics say officials should instead try educating people about the dangers of distracted walking. Lampitt fears that alone won't be enough, though she says half the money raised from fines would go toward pedestrian safety education. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. She cites a National Safety Council report that found 11,101 injuries were caused by distracted walking incidents involving cellphones from 2000 to 2011. A Governors Highway Safety Association report released last year also partly blamed texting and walking for a 15% jump in pedestrian fatalities from 2009 to 2013. Lampitt knows the measure will be a tough sell—similar bills have failed in Arkansas, Illinois, Nevada, and New York—but "if it builds awareness, that's OK," she says. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. (A sculpture had to be moved because texters kept walking into it.)
Injected Summary: In New Jersey, a proposed bill would impose fines up to $50 and 15 days in jail for pedestrians who use communication devices while walking on roads or sidewalks, in an effort to address the growing concern of distracted walking. The bill's supporters argue that educating people about the dangers of distracted walking is not enough, and that penalties are necessary to address the issue.
Original Story: – A car slammed into barriers outside Britain's Houses of Parliament on Tuesday morning, injuring at least two pedestrians, police in London say. The male driver has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism, reports the Guardian. Witnesses saw officers surround the car before the man was taken away in handcuffs. At 7:37am, "a car was in collision with barriers outside the Houses of Parliament," the Metropolitan Police said in a statement. Two people were taken to the hospital with injuries not believed to be life-threatening. This would be the fourth vehicle attack in London in less than 18 months, notes USA Today. Witnesses say the crash, which involved a small silver car, appears to have been deliberate. "I think it looked intentional—the car drove at speed and towards the barriers," witness Ewalina Ochab tells the BBC. "I was walking on the other side of the road. I heard some noise and someone screamed. I turned around and I saw a silver car driving very fast close to the railings, maybe even on the pavement." She says the vehicle didn't appear to have a front license plate. Another witness, BBC employee Barry Williams, says he heard screams and then saw the car plow into a group of cyclists waiting at a traffic light before accelerating toward the barrier.
Original Summary: A car crashed into barriers outside the Houses of Parliament in London on Tuesday morning, injuring at least two pedestrians and causing witnesses to believe it was a deliberate attack. The male driver was arrested on suspicion of terrorism and witnesses reported seeing officers surround the car before the man was taken away in handcuffs.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A car slammed into barriers outside Britain's Houses of Parliament on Tuesday morning, injuring at least two pedestrians, police in London say. The male driver has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism, reports the Guardian. Witnesses saw officers surround the car before the man was taken away in handcuffs. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. At 7:37am, "a car was in collision with barriers outside the Houses of Parliament," the Metropolitan Police said in a statement. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Two people were taken to the hospital with injuries not believed to be life-threatening. This would be the fourth vehicle attack in London in less than 18 months, notes USA Today. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Witnesses say the crash, which involved a small silver car, appears to have been deliberate. "I think it looked intentional—the car drove at speed and towards the barriers," witness Ewalina Ochab tells the BBC. "I was walking on the other side of the road. I heard some noise and someone screamed. I turned around and I saw a silver car driving very fast close to the railings, maybe even on the pavement." She says the vehicle didn't appear to have a front license plate. Another witness, BBC employee Barry Williams, says he heard screams and then saw the car plow into a group of cyclists waiting at a traffic light before accelerating toward the barrier.
Injected Summary: A car crashed into barriers outside the Houses of Parliament in London, injuring at least two people, with the driver arrested on suspicion of terrorism. Witnesses described the crash as deliberate, with the vehicle accelerating towards the barriers after hitting a group of cyclists.
Original Story: – Media access to the first family may be somewhat controlled in the US, but Ivanka Trump found such a buffer doesn't exist in Germany. Trump took the stage in Berlin on Tuesday at the W20 summit on women's entrepreneurship, at Chancellor Angela Merkel's invite, and she was quickly met with a hard-hitting question from the editor of a German business magazine about her simultaneous role as first daughter and assistant to her dad, as well as where her true loyalties are, Politico reports. "Who are you representing, your father as president of the [US], the American people, or your business?" Miriam Meckel asked, adding Germans aren't in tune with what a "first daughter" does. "Certainly not the latter," Trump noted in reference to her business priorities, admitting she's also "rather unfamiliar" with her new role and that she's currently in "listening" and "learning" mode. When she praised her father's "advocacy" for women, however, specifically via paid-leave policies, the audience did more than raise a collective eyebrow: Some booed and hissed, and Meckel pushed Trump to address that reaction, considering "some attitudes" the president has exhibited. "I've certainly heard the criticism from the media, that's been perpetuated," Trump replied, adding that her father never held her back personally and hired plenty of women for important jobs in his own companies and administration. When asked after the panel about the heckling, Trump said "politics is politics" and she's "used to it," per CNN. What's more important, she noted, is that there's continued dialogue and everyone can "feel comfortable candidly expressing ourselves without fear of being labeled and ostracized." (Ivanka Trump got the OK last week from China on a bunch of trademarks.)
Original Summary: Ivanka Trump faced tough questions at a summit in Berlin about her role as first daughter and assistant to her father, President Trump, with some in the audience booing and hissing when she praised her father's policies on paid leave. Trump acknowledged that she is still learning her new role and is "used to" political criticism, but emphasized the importance of open dialogue and the need for everyone to feel comfortable expressing themselves without fear of retribution.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Media access to the first family may be somewhat controlled in the US, but Ivanka Trump found such a buffer doesn't exist in Germany. Trump took the stage in Berlin on Tuesday at the W20 summit on women's entrepreneurship, at Chancellor Angela Merkel's invite, and she was quickly met with a hard-hitting question from the editor of a German business magazine about her simultaneous role as first daughter and assistant to her dad, as well as where her true loyalties are, Politico reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "Who are you representing, your father as president of the [US], the American people, or your business?. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." Miriam Meckel asked, adding Germans aren't in tune with what a "first daughter" does. "Certainly not the latter," Trump noted in reference to her business priorities, admitting she's also "rather unfamiliar" with her new role and that she's currently in "listening" and "learning" mode. When she praised her father's "advocacy" for women, however, specifically via paid-leave policies, the audience did more than raise a collective eyebrow: Some booed and hissed, and Meckel pushed Trump to address that reaction, considering "some attitudes" the president has exhibited. "I've certainly heard the criticism from the media, that's been perpetuated," Trump replied, adding that her father never held her back personally and hired plenty of women for important jobs in his own companies and administration. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. When asked after the panel about the heckling, Trump said "politics is politics" and she's "used to it," per CNN. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. What's more important, she noted, is that there's continued dialogue and everyone can "feel comfortable candidly expressing ourselves without fear of being labeled and ostracized." (Ivanka Trump got the OK last week from China on a bunch of trademarks.)
Injected Summary: Ivanka Trump faced tough questions at a summit in Berlin about her role as first daughter and assistant to her father, President Trump, with some in the audience booing and hissing when she praised her father's policies on paid leave. Trump acknowledged that she is still learning her new role and is "used to" political criticism, but emphasized the importance of open dialogue and respectful expression of opinions.
Original Story: – So you want to protest Arizona's new immigration law from the comforts of your non-Arizona home but don't know how? No worries. Gawker has been "effectively been boycotting Arizona for years by not thinking about it," and Glen Runciter takes the next step, recommending Arizona-related people and businesses you can shun from anywhere: PF Chang's: Based out of Scottsdale, it's totally easy to bypass this chain. Just substitute a real Chinese restaurant. Sky Mall: This Phoenix-based company loves to offer us crap we don't need at 30,000 feet. Should you find yourself needing crap, head to Brookstone at the mall. John McCain: Having a hard time tearing yourself away from the senator? Runciter suggests "Vermont Socialist Bernie Sanders" as a replacement figure. Alcor Life Extension Foundation: Need a substitute for this Scottsdale cryonics company? Try the "freezer in your garage." Click here for the complete list, which does not include Arizona Iced Tea. Sip away—the drink is brewed in NYC.
Original Summary: Gawker recommends boycotting Arizona-related businesses and individuals, including PF Changs, Sky Mall, and John McCain, by substituting them with alternatives such as real Chinese restaurants, Brookstone, and Vermont Socialist Bernie Sanders. The list also includes the Alcor Life Extension Foundation, which can be replaced with a freezer in your garage.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– So you want to protest Arizona's new immigration law from the comforts of your non-Arizona home but don't know how? No worries. Gawker has been "effectively been boycotting Arizona for years by not thinking about it," and Glen Runciter takes the next step, recommending Arizona-related people and businesses you can shun from anywhere: PF Chang's: Based out of Scottsdale, it's totally easy to bypass this chain. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Just substitute a real Chinese restaurant. Sky Mall: This Phoenix-based company loves to offer us crap we don't need at 30,000 feet. Should you find yourself needing crap, head to Brookstone at the mall. John McCain: Having a hard time tearing yourself away from the senator? Runciter suggests "Vermont Socialist Bernie Sanders" as a replacement figure. Alcor Life Extension Foundation: Need a substitute for this Scottsdale cryonics company?. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Try the "freezer in your garage." Click here for the complete list, which does not include Arizona Iced Tea. Sip away—the drink is brewed in NYC.
Injected Summary: Gawker recommends boycotting Arizona-related businesses and individuals, including PF Changs, Sky Mall, and John McCain, by substituting them with alternatives such as real Chinese restaurants, Brookstone, and Vermont Socialist Bernie Sanders. The author also suggests shunning the Alcor Life Extension Foundation by using a freezer in your garage instead.
Original Story: – The Secret Service's Netherlands debauch wasn't the agency's first questionable incident this month: Two counter-sniper officers were involved in a car accident on March 7, during President Obama's visit to Miami, and they were suspected of drinking, multiple sources tell the Washington Post. The driver, however, passed a field sobriety test and was not arrested. But the two officers were sent home, just as the Netherlands crew was, though they continue to work for the agency. The incident put managers on high alert ahead of the Netherlands trip, and they warned agents to stay out of trouble. The Post story includes a few new details about that incident—like the fact that two hotel employees had to carry the agent found passed out in a hallway into his room. The lapse is drawing sharp rebukes from several top senators, the AP reports, with Homeland Security Chair Tom Carper saying he was "troubled" by the report, and ranking Republican Tom Coburn calling an earlier report finding no cultural problems at the CIA "a cover-up and a whitewash."
Original Summary: The Secret Service has faced another questionable incident this month, with two counter-sniper officers involved in a car accident during President Obama's visit to Miami, and although the driver passed a field sobriety test, the agents were sent home. This incident comes after the agency's recent debauchery in the Netherlands, and has prompted managers to warn agents to stay out of trouble ahead of a high-profile visit by the Dutch royal family.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Secret Service's Netherlands debauch wasn't the agency's first questionable incident this month: Two counter-sniper officers were involved in a car accident on March 7, during President Obama's visit to Miami, and they were suspected of drinking, multiple sources tell the Washington Post. The driver, however, passed a field sobriety test and was not arrested. But the two officers were sent home, just as the Netherlands crew was, though they continue to work for the agency. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The incident put managers on high alert ahead of the Netherlands trip, and they warned agents to stay out of trouble. The Post story includes a few new details about that incident—like the fact that two hotel employees had to carry the agent found passed out in a hallway into his room. The lapse is drawing sharp rebukes from several top senators, the AP reports, with Homeland Security Chair Tom Carper saying he was "troubled" by the report, and ranking Republican Tom Coburn calling an earlier report finding no cultural problems at the CIA "a cover-up and a whitewash.". The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: The Secret Service has faced another questionable incident this month, with two counter-sniper officers involved in a car accident during President Obama's visit to Miami, although the driver passed a field sobriety test and was not arrested. The incident came after a previous lapse by the agency in the Netherlands, where an agent was found passed out in a hallway, leading managers to warn agents to stay out of trouble ahead of the trip.
Original Story: – In protest of the grand jury decisions not to indict the police officers involved in the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner, dozens of congressional staffers walked out of the Capitol this afternoon, NPR reports. They stood on the steps of Capitol Hill holding their hands up in the gesture that has come to symbolize Brown's death. The Congressional Black Caucus, which organized the walk-out, tweeted images of the event. ABC puts the number of protesters at more than 100, and notes that several black lawmakers were among them. "We're proud to have this moment of solidarity with the families of Michael Brown and Eric Garner and the thousands of peaceful protesters around the country who are telling this country that black lives matter," a staffer who was helping to plan the event told CNN ahead of the walk-out. The Congressional Asian Pacific American Staff Association and the Congressional Hispanic Staff Association also helped to plan the protest.
Original Summary: Congressional staffers walked out of the Capitol in protest of grand jury decisions not to indict police officers involved in the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner. The protest, organized by the Congressional Black Caucus, included over 100 staffers and several black lawmakers, who stood on the steps of Capitol Hill with their hands raised in solidarity with the families of the victims and thousands of peaceful protesters across the country.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– In protest of the grand jury decisions not to indict the police officers involved in the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner, dozens of congressional staffers walked out of the Capitol this afternoon, NPR reports. They stood on the steps of Capitol Hill holding their hands up in the gesture that has come to symbolize Brown's death. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The Congressional Black Caucus, which organized the walk-out, tweeted images of the event. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. ABC puts the number of protesters at more than 100, and notes that several black lawmakers were among them. "We're proud to have this moment of solidarity with the families of Michael Brown and Eric Garner and the thousands of peaceful protesters around the country who are telling this country that black lives matter," a staffer who was helping to plan the event told CNN ahead of the walk-out. The Congressional Asian Pacific American Staff Association and the Congressional Hispanic Staff Association also helped to plan the protest.
Injected Summary: Dozens of congressional staffers walked out of the Capitol in protest of grand jury decisions not to indict police officers involved in the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner, symbolizing their support for the Black Lives Matter movement. The Congressional Black Caucus organized the walk-out, which was also supported by other staff associations, with over 100 participants and several black lawmakers in attendance.
Original Story: – The United States and several leading EU states appear poised to increase non-lethal aid to Syrian opposition groups, adding equipment such as body armor and night-vision goggles, reports the Wall Street Journal. Arms, however, remain off the table, as President Obama fears they could fall into the hands of al-Qaeda-affiliated groups. The White House is also reviewing military options, such as bombing Syrian aircraft on the ground or adding Patriot anti-missile batteries to Turkey to defend against Syrian rockets. “It’s not going to turn the tide in the battle, but of course it helps,” one analyst tells the New York Times. Over in Europe, there are signs Britain and France are interested in stepping up their assistance to rebel groups by letting the EU arms embargo against Syria expire at the end of May. At a Group of Eight meeting in London yesterday, Syrian opposition groups once again called for increased military assistance, asking for antiaircraft and antitank guns. The news comes as Human Rights Watch declares more than 4,300 civilians have been killed in government airstrikes since July, Al Jazeera adds.
Original Summary: The US and EU are set to provide non-lethal aid to Syrian opposition groups, including body armor and night-vision goggles, while maintaining a ban on arms due to concerns they could fall into al-Qaeda's hands. The White House is also reviewing military options, such as bombing Syrian aircraft or deploying Patriot missile batteries to Turkey, while Syrian opposition groups have called for increased military assistance, including antiaircraft and antitank guns.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The United States and several leading EU states appear poised to increase non-lethal aid to Syrian opposition groups, adding equipment such as body armor and night-vision goggles, reports the Wall Street Journal. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Arms, however, remain off the table, as President Obama fears they could fall into the hands of al-Qaeda-affiliated groups. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. The White House is also reviewing military options, such as bombing Syrian aircraft on the ground or adding Patriot anti-missile batteries to Turkey to defend against Syrian rockets. “It’s not going to turn the tide in the battle, but of course it helps,” one analyst tells the New York Times. Over in Europe, there are signs Britain and France are interested in stepping up their assistance to rebel groups by letting the EU arms embargo against Syria expire at the end of May. At a Group of Eight meeting in London yesterday, Syrian opposition groups once again called for increased military assistance, asking for antiaircraft and antitank guns. The news comes as Human Rights Watch declares more than 4,300 civilians have been killed in government airstrikes since July, Al Jazeera adds.
Injected Summary: The US and EU are considering providing non-lethal aid to Syrian opposition groups, including body armor and night-vision goggles, while maintaining a ban on lethal arms due to concerns they could fall into al-Qaeda's hands. The White House is also reviewing military options, such as bombing Syrian aircraft or deploying Patriot missile batteries to Turkey, to help defend against Syrian rockets.
Original Story: – President Trump regaled political donors this week with a strange story about a "bowling ball test" that he says Japan uses to unfairly block imports of American cars. "That’s where they take a bowling ball from 20 feet up in the air and they drop it on the hood of the car," he told donors in Missouri. "And if the hood dents, then the car doesn’t qualify. ... It's horrible the way we're treated." In its original coverage of the statement, the Washington Post added, "It was unclear what he was talking about." Others were similarly perplexed. "I have no idea what he was talking about," a director at the research firm Center for Automotive Research tells NBC News. "I've never heard of such a test," a Honda spokesperson tells the Japan Times. "If we did that, I think our cars would also dent." So what was Trump talking about? "Obviously, he's joking about this particular test,” White House press chief Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Thursday, adding that the remark was "illustrative of creative practices” used to block American products. Not everybody was buying that explanation, and Post reporter Josh Dawsey tweets that the president has previously brought up the supposed test in meetings. Colleague Philip Bump at the Post digs in, suggesting that perhaps Trump has morphed this Nissan ad into reality. A possibly more plausible explanation he offers is that the tale stems from an actual test Japan conducts in which a "head-shaped object" is fired at the hood of a car, the idea being to measure potential damage to a pedestrian. (Trump's comments about bluffing Canada's Justin Trudeau made the bigger headlines from the speech.)
Original Summary: President Trump told a story about a "bowling ball test" used by Japan to block imports of American cars, claiming that if the hood of the car dents when dropped from 20 feet, it doesn't qualify. However, multiple sources have confirmed that no such test exists, and the White House later clarified that the comment was meant to be humorous.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– President Trump regaled political donors this week with a strange story about a "bowling ball test" that he says Japan uses to unfairly block imports of American cars. "That’s where they take a bowling ball from 20 feet up in the air and they drop it on the hood of the car," he told donors in Missouri. "And if the hood dents, then the car doesn’t qualify. . It's horrible the way we're treated." In its original coverage of the statement, the Washington Post added, "It was unclear what he was talking about." Others were similarly perplexed. "I have no idea what he was talking about," a director at the research firm Center for Automotive Research tells NBC News. "I've never heard of such a test," a Honda spokesperson tells the Japan Times. "If we did that, I think our cars would also dent. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." So what was Trump talking about? "Obviously, he's joking about this particular test,” White House press chief Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Thursday, adding that the remark was "illustrative of creative practices” used to block American products. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Not everybody was buying that explanation, and Post reporter Josh Dawsey tweets that the president has previously brought up the supposed test in meetings. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Colleague Philip Bump at the Post digs in, suggesting that perhaps Trump has morphed this Nissan ad into reality. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. A possibly more plausible explanation he offers is that the tale stems from an actual test Japan conducts in which a "head-shaped object" is fired at the hood of a car, the idea being to measure potential damage to a pedestrian. (Trump's comments about bluffing Canada's Justin Trudeau made the bigger headlines from the speech.)
Injected Summary: President Trump told a bizarre story about a "bowling ball test" used by Japan to block imports of American cars, claiming that a bowling ball is dropped from 20 feet onto the hood of a car to check for dents. However, it is unclear what he was referring to, as there is no such test in Japan, and experts have never heard of it.
Original Story: – Who you gonna call? The Royal Thai Police Force, apparently. Khaosod English reports a rural village in Thailand requested police assistance with a female ghost—known as a phi pob—that's been killing cattle, sickening authorities, and otherwise haunting the village in recent months. “The residents are frightened,” a local police chief says. "The people who believe in the rumor are genuinely scared.” According to the village's letter to police, they want regular patrols "to strengthen civilian morale, prevent panic, and boost their confidence in living their daily lives." Police were dispatched to the village this week. Meanwhile, the BBC takes a look at some other alleged phi pob cases from recent years and explains a few of the 20 types of spirits said to be haunting Thailand.
Original Summary: The Royal Thai Police Force was called to assist a rural village in Thailand where a female ghost, or "phi pob," has been killing cattle, sickening authorities, and haunting the village. The villagers have requested regular patrols to boost their confidence and prevent panic.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Who you gonna call? The Royal Thai Police Force, apparently. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Khaosod English reports a rural village in Thailand requested police assistance with a female ghost—known as a phi pob—that's been killing cattle, sickening authorities, and otherwise haunting the village in recent months. “The residents are frightened,” a local police chief says. "The people who believe in the rumor are genuinely scared.” According to the village's letter to police, they want regular patrols "to strengthen civilian morale, prevent panic, and boost their confidence in living their daily lives." Police were dispatched to the village this week. Meanwhile, the BBC takes a look at some other alleged phi pob cases from recent years and explains a few of the 20 types of spirits said to be haunting Thailand. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: The Royal Thai Police Force was called to a rural village in Thailand to help deal with a female ghost, known as a phi pob, that has been killing cattle and sickening authorities. The villagers are frightened and want regular patrols to boost their confidence in living their daily lives.
Original Story: – Get ready for another few months of royal baby fever: Buckingham Palace announced today that Prince William and the Duchess-formerly-known-as-Kate-Middleton are expecting their second child, CNN reports. Once again, the world has learned the news because Kate is extremely sick; she's being treated for hyperemesis gravidarum at Kensington Palace and won't be able to make a planned trip to Oxford with William today. It's not clear how far along the pregnancy is, but the BBC reports that she has not yet reached the 12-week mark. Despite her illness, it's a good day for the royals: "The Queen and members of both families are delighted with the news," the palace says. Prime Minister David Cameron tweeted he was also "delighted by the happy news that they're expecting another baby." The Archbishop of Canterbury and other bigwigs have also offered their congratulations. As for Kate's attendance at future events, it will be decided on a "case-by-case" basis, the palace says. And in case you were keeping track, this baby will knock Prince Harry to No. 5 in the line of succession.
Original Summary: Prince William and Kate Middleton are expecting their second child, with Kate currently being treated for hyperemesis gravidarum at Kensington Palace. The pregnancy is not yet at the 12-week mark, but the royal family and government officials are delighted with the news.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Get ready for another few months of royal baby fever: Buckingham Palace announced today that Prince William and the Duchess-formerly-known-as-Kate-Middleton are expecting their second child, CNN reports. Once again, the world has learned the news because Kate is extremely sick; she's being treated for hyperemesis gravidarum at Kensington Palace and won't be able to make a planned trip to Oxford with William today. It's not clear how far along the pregnancy is, but the BBC reports that she has not yet reached the 12-week mark. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Despite her illness, it's a good day for the royals: "The Queen and members of both families are delighted with the news," the palace says. Prime Minister David Cameron tweeted he was also "delighted by the happy news that they're expecting another baby." The Archbishop of Canterbury and other bigwigs have also offered their congratulations. As for Kate's attendance at future events, it will be decided on a "case-by-case" basis, the palace says. And in case you were keeping track, this baby will knock Prince Harry to No. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. 5 in the line of succession.
Injected Summary: Prince William and Kate Middleton are expecting their second child, with Kate currently being treated for hyperemesis gravidarum at Kensington Palace. The pregnancy is not yet at the 12-week mark, and the royal family is "delighted" with the news.
Original Story: – This bungled attempt at espionage in Seoul sounds like a something out of a spy novel, writes the New York Times. Some 50 Indonesians were in South Korea last Wednesday to meet with President Lee Myung-bak to discuss the purchase of the T-50 Golden Eagle from Korea Aerospace Industries. But once they left the five-star Lotte Hotel, shadowy things reportedly occurred in Room 1961. Police say two men and one woman entered the room, which contained two laptops. When an aide returned to Room 1961, he came upon the woman. From there, reports differ: She either said she was in the wrong room, and quickly left, or he spotted her downloading files onto a USB drive. The aide reported that a laptop was missing, and it was discovered shortly thereafter—in a stairwell, in the hands of the two men ... who turned it over and fled. The purported intelligence agents were reportedly looking for information about Indonesia's negotiating strategy for the jets, for which Korea has been desperately trying to find buyers. "It was an unintended consequence that they were caught," a senior Korean official told the Chosun Ilbo.
Original Summary: A group of 50 Indonesians visiting South Korea to discuss the purchase of fighter jets were caught in a bungled espionage attempt when two men and a woman entered their hotel room and stole a laptop containing sensitive information. The group was reportedly looking for information on Indonesia's negotiating strategy for the jets, which Korea has been trying to sell to other countries.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– This bungled attempt at espionage in Seoul sounds like a something out of a spy novel, writes the New York Times. Some 50 Indonesians were in South Korea last Wednesday to meet with President Lee Myung-bak to discuss the purchase of the T-50 Golden Eagle from Korea Aerospace Industries. But once they left the five-star Lotte Hotel, shadowy things reportedly occurred in Room 1961. Police say two men and one woman entered the room, which contained two laptops. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. When an aide returned to Room 1961, he came upon the woman. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. From there, reports differ: She either said she was in the wrong room, and quickly left, or he spotted her downloading files onto a USB drive. The aide reported that a laptop was missing, and it was discovered shortly thereafter—in a stairwell, in the hands of the two men . who turned it over and fled. The purported intelligence agents were reportedly looking for information about Indonesia's negotiating strategy for the jets, for which Korea has been desperately trying to find buyers. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "It was an unintended consequence that they were caught," a senior Korean official told the Chosun Ilbo.
Injected Summary: A group of 50 Indonesians visiting South Korea to discuss the purchase of fighter jets were caught in a hotel room with laptops and a missing laptop, leading to speculation about their intentions and the potential theft of sensitive information. The group was reportedly looking for information on Indonesia's negotiating strategy for the jets, but their actions were deemed suspicious and they were caught by hotel staff.
Original Story: – As Martin Springer, one of the teachers charged in a Los Angeles school sex abuse scandal, was released on bail today, USA Today takes a look at Miramonte Elementary and why it may have been the perfect place for an abuser to prey on vulnerable, disadvantaged children. The school's 1,400 students come mainly from impoverished Latino homes, and some of their parents are illegal immigrants—meaning they are hesitant to approach authorities for fear of being deported. And because many of the parents don't speak English, they are unlikely to be involved with their children's school. "You have lots of the very poor who don't even know what their rights are," says a former state senator who once represented the area. "You have the undercurrent of immigration, undercurrent of poverty. Miramonte is not Malibu. It's a perfect recipe for a predator." Indeed, a former teacher's aide from the school was imprisoned in 2004 for sexually abusing three kindergartners. Says the father of one alleged victim, "The school is almost 100% Latino. It's because of that they discriminate against us. We are poor people." Now, investigators are looking into a possible "culture of silence" among adults at the school, the superintendent has said, and experts agree that could be the case.
Original Summary: Martin Springer, one of the teachers charged in a Los Angeles school sex abuse scandal, was released on bail. The Miramonte Elementary School, where the abuse occurred, has a predominantly impoverished and Latino student body, with many parents who are illegal immigrants and may be hesitant to approach authorities due to fear of deportation.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– As Martin Springer, one of the teachers charged in a Los Angeles school sex abuse scandal, was released on bail today, USA Today takes a look at Miramonte Elementary and why it may have been the perfect place for an abuser to prey on vulnerable, disadvantaged children. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The school's 1,400 students come mainly from impoverished Latino homes, and some of their parents are illegal immigrants—meaning they are hesitant to approach authorities for fear of being deported. And because many of the parents don't speak English, they are unlikely to be involved with their children's school. "You have lots of the very poor who don't even know what their rights are," says a former state senator who once represented the area. "You have the undercurrent of immigration, undercurrent of poverty. Miramonte is not Malibu. It's a perfect recipe for a predator." Indeed, a former teacher's aide from the school was imprisoned in 2004 for sexually abusing three kindergartners. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Says the father of one alleged victim, "The school is almost 100% Latino. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. It's because of that they discriminate against us. We are poor people." Now, investigators are looking into a possible "culture of silence" among adults at the school, the superintendent has said, and experts agree that could be the case.
Injected Summary: Martin Springer, a teacher charged in a Los Angeles school sex abuse scandal, was released on bail. The school, Miramonte Elementary, has a high percentage of impoverished and immigrant students, creating a "perfect recipe for a predator" according to a former state senator.
Original Story: – Lionel Clah is probably beginning to regret getting that big tattoo of a feather on his left cheek: Police hope it will help the public identify the escaped 29-year-old New Mexico inmate. Clah, convicted in 2009 of crimes including armed robbery with a deadly weapon, escaped from a prison van late Wednesday or early Thursday along with convicted murderer Joseph Cruz, who was recaptured in Albuquerque Friday evening, the AP reports. The shackled convicts, clad in white prison jumpsuits, made their getaway while being transported between facilities in Roswell and Las Cruces along with three other men. They were apparently able to slip away and hitch a ride while guards stopped for gas. The prisoners—whose absence wasn't noticed until the van arrived at its destination, 200 miles away from the gas stop—were spotted on surveillance video at an Albuquerque hotel on Friday, with Clah wearing a red T-shirt and jeans, KOB reports. City residents have been told to lock their doors and warned that Clah, who shot at deputies before his 2007 arrest, should be considered armed and dangerous. He is described as Native American, 5-foot-11, with other tattoos including "Shiprock Native" on his neck, "Larissa" on his left wrist, "Mariah" on his right wrist, and "LRC" on his right fingers.
Original Summary: Lionel Clah, a 29-year-old New Mexico inmate who escaped from a prison van along with another convicted murderer, is wanted by police after he was spotted on surveillance video at an Albuquerque hotel wearing a red T-shirt and jeans. Clah, who is described as Native American, 5-foot-11, with various tattoos, is considered armed and dangerous after he shot at deputies before his 2007 arrest.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Lionel Clah is probably beginning to regret getting that big tattoo of a feather on his left cheek: Police hope it will help the public identify the escaped 29-year-old New Mexico inmate. Clah, convicted in 2009 of crimes including armed robbery with a deadly weapon, escaped from a prison van late Wednesday or early Thursday along with convicted murderer Joseph Cruz, who was recaptured in Albuquerque Friday evening, the AP reports. The shackled convicts, clad in white prison jumpsuits, made their getaway while being transported between facilities in Roswell and Las Cruces along with three other men. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. They were apparently able to slip away and hitch a ride while guards stopped for gas. The prisoners—whose absence wasn't noticed until the van arrived at its destination, 200 miles away from the gas stop—were spotted on surveillance video at an Albuquerque hotel on Friday, with Clah wearing a red T-shirt and jeans, KOB reports. City residents have been told to lock their doors and warned that Clah, who shot at deputies before his 2007 arrest, should be considered armed and dangerous. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. He is described as Native American, 5-foot-11, with other tattoos including "Shiprock Native" on his neck, "Larissa" on his left wrist, "Mariah" on his right wrist, and "LRC" on his right fingers.
Injected Summary: Lionel Clah, a 29-year-old escaped inmate from New Mexico, is wanted by police after he and another convicted murderer escaped from a prison van while being transported between facilities. Clah, who has a tattoo of a feather on his left cheek, is considered armed and dangerous and should be approached with caution, as he has a history of shooting at deputies.
Original Story: – Odds are old Saint Nick was happy to flee the North Pole to make his annual rounds this Christmas. A dirty haze has settled over this part of northern Alaska, hovering over streets named Santa Claus Lane. The New York Times pins the blame on what it calls an "only-in-Alaska" pollution problem: People use old, inefficient wood-burning stoves, and when the smoke goes out their chimneys, frigid temperatures force it back down to ground level. That results in the highest readings in the nation of a pollution measure called PM 2.5, which refers to fine-particulate matter. In fact, the area suffered a record stretch of six consecutive days earlier this month with air deemed unhealthy, reports the Fairbanks News-Miner. This ground-level pollution is seen as particularly dangerous because it can get directly into lungs. The dirty woodstove problem is particularly pronounced in the Fairbanks-North Pole area, about the size of New Jersey. With cleaner natural gas in short supply and heating oil expensive, wood is the fuel of choice as temperatures hover around minus 20 below. Upgrading to a more efficient wood stove is expensive, even with local government assistance, and many independent Alaskans balk at the cost—and being told what to do. (An education campaign is trying to spread the word that upgrading is actually a wise investment, notes the Frontiersman.) Failing to comply could result in residents being fined, and the borough losing federal transportation funds if the EPA declares the area in violation of the Clean Air Act. "Both sides are digging in their heels," Mayor Karl Kassel tells the Times. (Some in China are buying Canadian air in a can.)
Original Summary: Old Saint Nick was happy to flee the North Pole to make his annual rounds this Christmas, but the area around Fairbanks, Alaska is experiencing a pollution problem due to the use of inefficient wood-burning stoves, which emit high levels of PM 2.5 pollutants into the air, putting residents' health at risk. Despite efforts to upgrade to cleaner fuels, many residents are resistant to change and face fines and loss of federal funding if they fail to comply with air quality regulations.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Odds are old Saint Nick was happy to flee the North Pole to make his annual rounds this Christmas. A dirty haze has settled over this part of northern Alaska, hovering over streets named Santa Claus Lane. The New York Times pins the blame on what it calls an "only-in-Alaska" pollution problem: People use old, inefficient wood-burning stoves, and when the smoke goes out their chimneys, frigid temperatures force it back down to ground level. That results in the highest readings in the nation of a pollution measure called PM 2.5, which refers to fine-particulate matter. In fact, the area suffered a record stretch of six consecutive days earlier this month with air deemed unhealthy, reports the Fairbanks News-Miner. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. This ground-level pollution is seen as particularly dangerous because it can get directly into lungs. The dirty woodstove problem is particularly pronounced in the Fairbanks-North Pole area, about the size of New Jersey. With cleaner natural gas in short supply and heating oil expensive, wood is the fuel of choice as temperatures hover around minus 20 below. Upgrading to a more efficient wood stove is expensive, even with local government assistance, and many independent Alaskans balk at the cost—and being told what to do. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. (An education campaign is trying to spread the word that upgrading is actually a wise investment, notes the Frontiersman.) Failing to comply could result in residents being fined, and the borough losing federal transportation funds if the EPA declares the area in violation of the Clean Air Act. "Both sides are digging in their heels," Mayor Karl Kassel tells the Times. (Some in China are buying Canadian air in a can.). After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Old Saint Nick may have been happy to flee the North Pole this Christmas due to the high levels of air pollution in the area, specifically PM 2.5, which can be harmful to lungs. The pollution is caused by the use of inefficient wood-burning stoves, which produce dirty air that settles at ground level, putting residents at risk of respiratory problems.
Original Story: – A "did I just say that out loud?" moment in politics usually means someone's foot has been deftly inserted in someone's mouth, but in Jeb Bush's case, it may be a harbinger of a more gender-balanced campaign. Appearing at a town hall in Waterloo, Iowa, on Tuesday, Bush was asked by an audience member about his take on the vice president's role, per the Daily Caller. After waxing nostalgic on the respectful relationship that had existed between his dad and President Ronald Reagan, Bush added, "That kind of relationship I think is really important. And should I be elected president, I would have my vice president—I think she will be a great partner." Whether his use of the pronoun "she" was a slip of the tongue or a calculated move, Bush "quickly walked back the remark," the Hill notes. "I mean, did I say that out loud?" he asked the audience. "We always talk about this with one gender in mind. I think we've reached the point in our country where maybe we should be a little less gender-specific about this." And, just to give himself an out in case he a) does surprise naysayers and actually get the GOP nomination, and b) picks a guy as his running mate, Bush added, "Frankly, the one important element of selecting a vice presidential candidate is whether he or she is qualified to be president. Everything else is secondary." (Hope this doesn't cause another Bush family disagreement.)
Original Summary: During a town hall in Iowa, Jeb Bush was asked about the vice president's role and responded by saying "she" when discussing a potential running mate. Bush quickly walked back the remark, saying he meant to be gender-neutral in his choice of vice president.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A "did I just say that out loud?" moment in politics usually means someone's foot has been deftly inserted in someone's mouth, but in Jeb Bush's case, it may be a harbinger of a more gender-balanced campaign. Appearing at a town hall in Waterloo, Iowa, on Tuesday, Bush was asked by an audience member about his take on the vice president's role, per the Daily Caller. After waxing nostalgic on the respectful relationship that had existed between his dad and President Ronald Reagan, Bush added, "That kind of relationship I think is really important. And should I be elected president, I would have my vice president—I think she will be a great partner." Whether his use of the pronoun "she" was a slip of the tongue or a calculated move, Bush "quickly walked back the remark," the Hill notes. "I mean, did I say that out loud?" he asked the audience. "We always talk about this with one gender in mind. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. I think we've reached the point in our country where maybe we should be a little less gender-specific about this." And, just to give himself an out in case he a) does surprise naysayers and actually get the GOP nomination, and b) picks a guy as his running mate, Bush added, "Frankly, the one important element of selecting a vice presidential candidate is whether he or she is qualified to be president. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Everything else is secondary." (Hope this doesn't cause another Bush family disagreement.). Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: At a town hall in Iowa, Jeb Bush was asked about his views on the vice president's role and responded by saying "she" when discussing a potential running mate. Bush quickly walked back the remark, saying he meant to be gender-neutral in his choice of vice president.
Original Story: – The owners of the pizzeria in Walkerton, Ind., that told a local TV station they would refuse to cater a gay wedding has seen their world turn upside down since Tuesday night. In an interview with TheBlaze TV, Crystal O'Connor says Memories Pizza has been closed since the comments she and her father made in support of the state's Religious Freedom Restoration Act attracted national attention. "I don't know if we will re-open, or if we can, if it's safe to re-open," she notes. As for what the family is doing in the meantime: "We're in hiding, basically ... staying in the house." O'Connor adds that she's been suspended from another job she has "until this clears up," so she has no income coming in. She's not the only one experiencing job issues: ABC57 reports that a golf coach at Concord High School in Elkhart has been suspended after she allegedly tweeted under the since-deleted account @dooley_11: "Who's going to Walkerton, IN to burn down #memoriespizza w me? Agree with #FreedomofReligion bill? "That's a lifestyle they CHOOSE" Ignorant." In a statement, Walkerton police say they've passed the findings of their investigation into the tweet to local prosecutors "for possible charging of harassment, intimidation, and threats." The department, which notes additional units are patrolling the town of 2,000, asks "that all frustrations and rebuttals with Memories Pizza's recent media statements remain within the law." The tweet is far from the only negative comment that's been made: At the time of this writing, 3,845 Yelp reviews had been removed by the site. As for O'Connor's income woes, they may not be as dire as they seem: A GoFundMe account that BuzzFeed reports was set up by TheBlaze "to relieve the financial loss endured by the proprietors’ stand for faith" has raised more than $55,000 in the last 13 hours. (Here's how Indiana GOPers want to "clarify" the RFRA.)
Original Summary: The owners of Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana have faced backlash and consequences after they publicly stated their refusal to cater a gay wedding, including the closure of their pizzeria, job loss, and death threats. The local police department has asked for calm and respectful dialogue, while a GoFundMe page set up to support the owners has raised over $55,000 in just 13 hours.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The owners of the pizzeria in Walkerton, Ind., that told a local TV station they would refuse to cater a gay wedding has seen their world turn upside down since Tuesday night. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. In an interview with TheBlaze TV, Crystal O'Connor says Memories Pizza has been closed since the comments she and her father made in support of the state's Religious Freedom Restoration Act attracted national attention. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "I don't know if we will re-open, or if we can, if it's safe to re-open," she notes. As for what the family is doing in the meantime: "We're in hiding, basically . staying in the house. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." O'Connor adds that she's been suspended from another job she has "until this clears up," so she has no income coming in. She's not the only one experiencing job issues: ABC57 reports that a golf coach at Concord High School in Elkhart has been suspended after she allegedly tweeted under the since-deleted account @dooley_11: "Who's going to Walkerton, IN to burn down #memoriespizza w me? Agree with #FreedomofReligion bill? "That's a lifestyle they CHOOSE" Ignorant." In a statement, Walkerton police say they've passed the findings of their investigation into the tweet to local prosecutors "for possible charging of harassment, intimidation, and threats." The department, which notes additional units are patrolling the town of 2,000, asks "that all frustrations and rebuttals with Memories Pizza's recent media statements remain within the law." The tweet is far from the only negative comment that's been made: At the time of this writing, 3,845 Yelp reviews had been removed by the site. As for O'Connor's income woes, they may not be as dire as they seem: A GoFundMe account that BuzzFeed reports was set up by TheBlaze "to relieve the financial loss endured by the proprietors’ stand for faith" has raised more than $55,000 in the last 13 hours. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. (Here's how Indiana GOPers want to "clarify" the RFRA.)
Injected Summary: The owners of Memories Pizza in Walkerton, Indiana have faced backlash and job loss after they publicly stated their refusal to cater a gay wedding, with the pizzeria now closed and the owner's income affected. A golf coach at a nearby high school has also faced consequences after making a tweet about burning down the pizzeria.
Original Story: – From death threats to an alleged attack: Artist Illma Gore, whose unflattering pastel drawing of Donald Trump in the buff is hanging in a gallery in London, says a Trump supporter punched her in the face on a Los Angeles street as she walked near her home on Friday. Gore, who had just returned from the UK, tells NBC4 that a shirtless man around 25 years old, wearing red shorts and a red cap, jumped out of a car, yelled "Trump 2016," hit her, and then laughed. An Instagram photo shows Gore with blood in her eye and plenty of bruising. "She sustained severe injuries," an LAPD rep says. "We are aware of the incident and we are investigating." "I am scared for America, and for the future for myself and for artists," Gore says. "I am sad that Trump, and many of his supporters, don't find words enough to express their opinions. They need walls, waterboarding, and punches," she adds on Instagram, calling on Trump to "stop glamorizing and perpetuating violence." She also asks for any witnesses to the attack to come forward, notes the Huffington Post. Despite all, Gore says she has no regrets about the Trump portrait. In fact, she just wrapped up a portrait of Ted Cruz in the nude, per the New York Daily News.
Original Summary: An artist, Illma Gore, was punched in the face by a Trump supporter in Los Angeles after returning from the UK where her unflattering pastel drawing of Donald Trump in a bathroom was on display in a gallery. Gore sustained severe injuries and is calling for witnesses to come forward while expressing her regret for the attack and her continued creation of unflattering portraits of political figures.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– From death threats to an alleged attack: Artist Illma Gore, whose unflattering pastel drawing of Donald Trump in the buff is hanging in a gallery in London, says a Trump supporter punched her in the face on a Los Angeles street as she walked near her home on Friday. Gore, who had just returned from the UK, tells NBC4 that a shirtless man around 25 years old, wearing red shorts and a red cap, jumped out of a car, yelled "Trump 2016," hit her, and then laughed. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. An Instagram photo shows Gore with blood in her eye and plenty of bruising. "She sustained severe injuries," an LAPD rep says. "We are aware of the incident and we are investigating." "I am scared for America, and for the future for myself and for artists," Gore says. "I am sad that Trump, and many of his supporters, don't find words enough to express their opinions. They need walls, waterboarding, and punches," she adds on Instagram, calling on Trump to "stop glamorizing and perpetuating violence. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." She also asks for any witnesses to the attack to come forward, notes the Huffington Post. Despite all, Gore says she has no regrets about the Trump portrait. In fact, she just wrapped up a portrait of Ted Cruz in the nude, per the New York Daily News.
Injected Summary: An artist, Illma Gore, was punched in the face by a Trump supporter in Los Angeles after returning from the UK where her unflattering pastel drawing of Donald Trump in a bathroom was on display in a gallery. Gore sustained severe injuries and is calling on Trump to stop glamorizing violence, while also expressing her regret for creating a nude portrait of Ted Cruz.
Original Story: – The biggest US city to file for bankruptcy was allowed to press ahead today despite outcry from its creditors, the Wall Street Journal reports. A federal judge approved Chapter 9 protection for Stockton, Calif., saying it "will not be able to perform its obligations to its citizens" without bankruptcy restructuring. But bondholders are mad because Stockton wants to reduce its debt payments without cutting pension funds, which are scheduled to pay out millions over the next 10 years. The city of 300,000 east of San Francisco could also become a landmark case, because other areas under chapter 9, like Jefferson County, Ala., and San Bernardino, are also trying to make deals with bondholders. Bloomberg details the fruitless talks between Stockton and its creditors, but the battle may not be over: The judge ruled that bondholders can still try to stop the city's restructuring plan in the next phase of the process, the AP reports.
Original Summary: Stockton, California was allowed to file for bankruptcy despite opposition from its creditors, with a federal judge ruling that the city will not be able to fulfill its obligations to its citizens without restructuring its debt. Bondholders are opposed to the city's plan to reduce its debt payments without cutting pension funds, and the judge has allowed them to continue fighting the city's restructuring plan in the next phase of the process.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The biggest US city to file for bankruptcy was allowed to press ahead today despite outcry from its creditors, the Wall Street Journal reports. A federal judge approved Chapter 9 protection for Stockton, Calif., saying it "will not be able to perform its obligations to its citizens" without bankruptcy restructuring. But bondholders are mad because Stockton wants to reduce its debt payments without cutting pension funds, which are scheduled to pay out millions over the next 10 years. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The city of 300,000 east of San Francisco could also become a landmark case, because other areas under chapter 9, like Jefferson County, Ala., and San Bernardino, are also trying to make deals with bondholders. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Bloomberg details the fruitless talks between Stockton and its creditors, but the battle may not be over: The judge ruled that bondholders can still try to stop the city's restructuring plan in the next phase of the process, the AP reports.
Injected Summary: Stockton, California became the largest US city to file for bankruptcy after a federal judge approved its Chapter 9 protection, despite opposition from creditors who are upset about the city's plan to reduce its debt payments without cutting pension funds. The city of 300,000 could become a landmark case as other areas under Chapter 9, like Jefferson County and San Bernardino, also try to make deals with bondholders.
Original Story: – The St. Louis Rams have released Michael Sam, the first openly gay player drafted by an NFL team. The 7th-round draft pick has been outspoken and confident as his progress was watched as closely as any rookie in the league. He has been cheered by athletes and celebrities. In the end, the defensive end couldn't make a team stocked with pass-rushers. He still can be picked up by another team or make the Rams' practice squad. After all, Sam had a good preseason with three sacks and 11 tackles, and led the team with six tackles on the last preseason game Thursday night in Miami, ESPN reports. "I believe he can play in this league," said coach Jeff Fisher after the game. Once the waiver period ends tomorrow, teams can pick up players that didn't make the last round of cuts—but will they take Sam? NFL sources say he'll probably return to develop in the Rams system: "They know him better than anyone else," an NFL front office executive tells the Washington Post. "He played pretty well. ... He’s a guy that looks like he could get called up to your roster if someone gets hurt." The Rams selected the SEC co-defensive player of the year at Missouri with the 249th overall pick out of 256 overall during May's draft. Sam came out as gay following his final season at Missouri.
Original Summary: The St. Louis Rams have released Michael Sam, the first openly gay player drafted by an NFL team, despite his impressive preseason performance. Sam had three sacks and 11 tackles in the preseason, leading the team in tackles in the final game.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The St. Louis Rams have released Michael Sam, the first openly gay player drafted by an NFL team. The 7th-round draft pick has been outspoken and confident as his progress was watched as closely as any rookie in the league. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. He has been cheered by athletes and celebrities. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. In the end, the defensive end couldn't make a team stocked with pass-rushers. He still can be picked up by another team or make the Rams' practice squad. After all, Sam had a good preseason with three sacks and 11 tackles, and led the team with six tackles on the last preseason game Thursday night in Miami, ESPN reports. "I believe he can play in this league," said coach Jeff Fisher after the game. Once the waiver period ends tomorrow, teams can pick up players that didn't make the last round of cuts—but will they take Sam? NFL sources say he'll probably return to develop in the Rams system: "They know him better than anyone else," an NFL front office executive tells the Washington Post. "He played pretty well. . He’s a guy that looks like he could get called up to your roster if someone gets hurt." The Rams selected the SEC co-defensive player of the year at Missouri with the 249th overall pick out of 256 overall during May's draft. Sam came out as gay following his final season at Missouri. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: The St. Louis Rams have released Michael Sam, the first openly gay NFL player, despite his impressive preseason performance. Sam had three sacks and 11 tackles in the preseason, leading the team in tackles in the final game.
Original Story: – Feel like getting away on the open sea for a long while? Get yourself a boat and head to Pakistan's coastal town of Sonmiani. From there, you can embark on the longest sailable straight line possible, reaching Russia's Karaginsky District some 19,940 miles away, according to researchers. Rohan Chabukswar of Ireland's United Technologies Research Center tells LiveScience he loves solving "particularly fun" puzzles with his colleague, Kushal Mukherjee, and the pair "took it as a challenge" when they came across a 2012 Reddit post claiming the longest straight-line path over water was one from Pakistan to Russia. After developing their own algorithm, they confirmed Patrick Anderson's theory was right, reports MIT Technology Review. While Anderson had used Wikipedia data to trace a path that originated in Pakistan, went between mainland Africa and Madagascar, and continued between Antarctica and the southern tip of South America before reaching Russia, Chabukswar and Mukherjee wanted to be more precise, which meant examining some 5 trillion points on Earth, per Smithsonian. To do this, they created a "branch-and-bound" algorithm that "returned the longest path in about 10 minutes," according to their study uploaded to arXiv. On a flat map, the path appears to curve, though it's in fact straight when visualized on a globe. For fun, the researchers also used the algorithm to find the longest straight-line route over land without hitting water. It's a 6,985-mile path starting in China and ending in Portugal. (Read about one of the worst sailing disasters in US history.)
Original Summary: A team of researchers from Ireland and India used a "branch-and-bound" algorithm to confirm a 19,940-mile straight-line path from Pakistan to Russia, which was previously claimed on Reddit. The team examined over 5 trillion points on Earth to create the algorithm, which took about 10 minutes to return the longest path.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Feel like getting away on the open sea for a long while?. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Get yourself a boat and head to Pakistan's coastal town of Sonmiani. From there, you can embark on the longest sailable straight line possible, reaching Russia's Karaginsky District some 19,940 miles away, according to researchers. Rohan Chabukswar of Ireland's United Technologies Research Center tells LiveScience he loves solving "particularly fun" puzzles with his colleague, Kushal Mukherjee, and the pair "took it as a challenge" when they came across a 2012 Reddit post claiming the longest straight-line path over water was one from Pakistan to Russia. After developing their own algorithm, they confirmed Patrick Anderson's theory was right, reports MIT Technology Review. While Anderson had used Wikipedia data to trace a path that originated in Pakistan, went between mainland Africa and Madagascar, and continued between Antarctica and the southern tip of South America before reaching Russia, Chabukswar and Mukherjee wanted to be more precise, which meant examining some 5 trillion points on Earth, per Smithsonian. To do this, they created a "branch-and-bound" algorithm that "returned the longest path in about 10 minutes," according to their study uploaded to arXiv. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. On a flat map, the path appears to curve, though it's in fact straight when visualized on a globe. For fun, the researchers also used the algorithm to find the longest straight-line route over land without hitting water. It's a 6,985-mile path starting in China and ending in Portugal. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. (Read about one of the worst sailing disasters in US history.)
Injected Summary: A team of researchers from Ireland and India used a "branch-and-bound" algorithm to confirm a 19,940-mile straight-line path over water from Pakistan to Russia, which was previously claimed on Reddit. The researchers examined over 5 trillion points on Earth to create their algorithm and found that the longest straight-line path over water is actually a 19,940-mile journey from Pakistan to Russia, while the longest straight-line path over land without hitting water is a 6,985-mile path starting in China and ending in Portugal.
Original Story: – The death toll in Syria has hit 40,000, but the 10 latest reported deaths stand out: children killed on a playground by a cluster bomb yesterday, according to opposition activists. Videos of the carnage in Deir al-Asafir were posted online, reports the BBC, and show a woman weeping over a girl's body, two girls dead in the street, and two lifeless boys in the backseat of a car. "None of those killed were older than 15 years old," an activist tells Reuters. Reports of bomblet-spraying cluster bombs being used on rebel-held towns are increasing, though Bashar al-Assad's regime maintains that it doesn't possess the weapons. The BBC explains that such bomblets are packed with hundreds of metal pieces that can kill those within an 80-foot range. In other Syria news: Syrian rebels captured a helicopter base just outside Damascus yesterday and destroyed government helicopters to prevent them from being used against opposition forces. At least 15 rebels and eight soldiers were killed in the process. An activist calls the seizure a "blow to the morale of the regime, because it is close to the heart of the capital," reports the AP, which notes the base is about 10 miles from Damascus. Assad's regime is hard-up for cash—and ProPublica reports that it got some big help on that front by way of Russia, which flew 240 tons of "bank notes" into the country via eight Moscow-to-Damascus flights between July and September, according to flight manifest records. ProPublica was able to verify that the flights occurred, but notes that Syria and Russian officials didn't respond to questions about the records' accuracy. Earlier reports had indicated that Russia started printing fresh Syrian pounds over the summer.
Original Summary: The death toll in Syria has reached 40,000, with the latest reports of children killed by a cluster bomb in Deir al-Asafir, including a video of a woman mourning over a girl's body and footage of lifeless boys in a car. Syrian rebels have captured a helicopter base near Damascus and destroyed government helicopters to prevent their use against opposition forces, resulting in the deaths of 15 rebels and 8 soldiers, while the Assad regime has received financial support from Russia in the form of 240 tons of bank notes via eight flights between July and September.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The death toll in Syria has hit 40,000, but the 10 latest reported deaths stand out: children killed on a playground by a cluster bomb yesterday, according to opposition activists. Videos of the carnage in Deir al-Asafir were posted online, reports the BBC, and show a woman weeping over a girl's body, two girls dead in the street, and two lifeless boys in the backseat of a car. "None of those killed were older than 15 years old," an activist tells Reuters. Reports of bomblet-spraying cluster bombs being used on rebel-held towns are increasing, though Bashar al-Assad's regime maintains that it doesn't possess the weapons. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The BBC explains that such bomblets are packed with hundreds of metal pieces that can kill those within an 80-foot range. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. In other Syria news: Syrian rebels captured a helicopter base just outside Damascus yesterday and destroyed government helicopters to prevent them from being used against opposition forces. At least 15 rebels and eight soldiers were killed in the process. An activist calls the seizure a "blow to the morale of the regime, because it is close to the heart of the capital," reports the AP, which notes the base is about 10 miles from Damascus. Assad's regime is hard-up for cash—and ProPublica reports that it got some big help on that front by way of Russia, which flew 240 tons of "bank notes" into the country via eight Moscow-to-Damascus flights between July and September, according to flight manifest records. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. ProPublica was able to verify that the flights occurred, but notes that Syria and Russian officials didn't respond to questions about the records' accuracy. Earlier reports had indicated that Russia started printing fresh Syrian pounds over the summer. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: In Syria, at least 40,000 people have died, including 10 children killed by a cluster bomb in a rebel-held town. The bombs, which are banned under international law, are being used by the Syrian government despite their denials, and have killed many civilians, including children.
Original Story: – We already know punctuation saves lives. Now a Supreme Court ruling proves it also makes or breaks legal cases. Per Courthouse News Service, the high court on Monday upheld a prison sentence for Avondale Lockhart, who pleaded guilty in 2011 to child porn charges. He had been facing an eight-year sentence, but because of a prior conviction not related to child porn (he had been convicted 10 years earlier for sexually abusing his 53-year-old girlfriend) and a pesky Oxford comma, he received 10 years. His sentence had been based on a statute that notes the mandatory minimum is required if there's a "prior conviction … under the laws of any state relating to aggravated sexual abuse, sexual abuse, or abusive sexual conduct involving a minor or ward." It's the final comma in that series that led the Supreme Court to vote 6-2 that the phrase "involving a minor or ward" only modified "abusive sexual conduct"—meaning any prior conviction for the other two crimes, against a child or an adult, could count against him. It's a "niggling grammatical point" that "makes a world of difference," the Economist said in November. The magazine notes that "involving a minor or ward" could have been placed after each of the three crimes if it was intended to apply only to child-based offenses, or that semicolons could have been used to separate the three crimes if the child-oriented modifier was only meant to apply to the final crime. In explaining the court's interpretation, Justice Sonia Sotomayor wrote it's "basic intuition that when a modifier appears at the end of a list, it is easier to apply that modifier only to the item directly before it," especially if takes "more than a little mental energy" to carry the modifier throughout. But dissenting Justice Elena Kagan, along with Justice Stephen Breyer, disagreed, writing: "Imagine a friend told you that she hoped to meet 'an actor, director, or producer involved with the new Star Wars movie.' You would know immediately that she wanted to meet an actor from the Star Wars cast—not an actor in, for example, the latest Zoolander." (Another comma-focused legal case.)
Original Summary: The Supreme Court ruled that a missing Oxford comma in a statute led to a 10-year prison sentence for a man convicted of child pornography charges. The court held that the comma after "ward" in the phrase "involving a minor or ward" only modified "abusive sexual conduct," meaning that prior convictions for sexual abuse or aggravated sexual abuse against a child or an adult could also be used to enhance the sentence.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– We already know punctuation saves lives. Now a Supreme Court ruling proves it also makes or breaks legal cases. Per Courthouse News Service, the high court on Monday upheld a prison sentence for Avondale Lockhart, who pleaded guilty in 2011 to child porn charges. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. He had been facing an eight-year sentence, but because of a prior conviction not related to child porn (he had been convicted 10 years earlier for sexually abusing his 53-year-old girlfriend) and a pesky Oxford comma, he received 10 years. His sentence had been based on a statute that notes the mandatory minimum is required if there's a "prior conviction … under the laws of any state relating to aggravated sexual abuse, sexual abuse, or abusive sexual conduct involving a minor or ward." It's the final comma in that series that led the Supreme Court to vote 6-2 that the phrase "involving a minor or ward" only modified "abusive sexual conduct"—meaning any prior conviction for the other two crimes, against a child or an adult, could count against him. It's a "niggling grammatical point" that "makes a world of difference," the Economist said in November. The magazine notes that "involving a minor or ward" could have been placed after each of the three crimes if it was intended to apply only to child-based offenses, or that semicolons could have been used to separate the three crimes if the child-oriented modifier was only meant to apply to the final crime. In explaining the court's interpretation, Justice Sonia Sotomayor wrote it's "basic intuition that when a modifier appears at the end of a list, it is easier to apply that modifier only to the item directly before it," especially if takes "more than a little mental energy" to carry the modifier throughout. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. But dissenting Justice Elena Kagan, along with Justice Stephen Breyer, disagreed, writing: "Imagine a friend told you that she hoped to meet 'an actor, director, or producer involved with the new Star Wars movie.' You would know immediately that she wanted to meet an actor from the Star Wars cast—not an actor in, for example, the latest Zoolander." (Another comma-focused legal case. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.). After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: The Supreme Court ruled that a prior conviction for sexual abuse against an adult can be used to enhance a defendant's sentence for child pornography charges due to a grammatical error in the statute. The court interpreted the phrase "involving a minor or ward" as only modifying the final crime in the list, rather than each of the three crimes, based on the location of the comma.
Original Story: – Ford may have found a successful strategy for dealing with Donald Trump: letting him take credit for stuff it was going to do anyway. The company's announcement Tuesday that it's canceling a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico was seen as a big victory for the president-elect, but a closer look at the company's plans suggests Trump didn't change anything, NBC News reports. Ford is still shifting small-car production to Mexico, now to an existing plant in Hermosillo, and the $700 million investment in a Flat Rock, Mich., plant announced Tuesday appears to have already been in the pipeline, with the plant building two models that were not expected to be built in Mexico. Ford CEO Mark Fields described the move as a "vote of confidence" in Trump's policies, though he said the same move would have been made if Trump hadn't been elected, Reuters reports. Joe Hinrichs, Ford's president of the Americas, tells NBC that falling demand for smaller cars was the main reason for the shift. He says revised sales figures no longer justified building a new plant in Mexico, and that meant money was available to invest in the Michigan plant. The Detroit News reports that Ford is working with Michigan officials to receive possible tax breaks for the Michigan investment. The move is expected to create around 700 new jobs at the plant, most of them starting in 2020. Around 200 jobs will be added in Hermosillo. (In November, Trump took credit for keeping a Ford plant in Kentucky.)
Original Summary: Ford canceled a planned $1.6 billion plant in Mexico and instead invested $700 million in a Michigan plant, which was already in the pipeline. The move was seen as a victory for President-elect Trump, but Ford CEO Mark Fields clarified that the decision was not influenced by Trump's election and was instead due to falling demand for smaller cars.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Ford may have found a successful strategy for dealing with Donald Trump: letting him take credit for stuff it was going to do anyway. The company's announcement Tuesday that it's canceling a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico was seen as a big victory for the president-elect, but a closer look at the company's plans suggests Trump didn't change anything, NBC News reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Ford is still shifting small-car production to Mexico, now to an existing plant in Hermosillo, and the $700 million investment in a Flat Rock, Mich. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars., plant announced Tuesday appears to have already been in the pipeline, with the plant building two models that were not expected to be built in Mexico. Ford CEO Mark Fields described the move as a "vote of confidence" in Trump's policies, though he said the same move would have been made if Trump hadn't been elected, Reuters reports. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Joe Hinrichs, Ford's president of the Americas, tells NBC that falling demand for smaller cars was the main reason for the shift. He says revised sales figures no longer justified building a new plant in Mexico, and that meant money was available to invest in the Michigan plant. The Detroit News reports that Ford is working with Michigan officials to receive possible tax breaks for the Michigan investment. The move is expected to create around 700 new jobs at the plant, most of them starting in 2020. Around 200 jobs will be added in Hermosillo. (In November, Trump took credit for keeping a Ford plant in Kentucky. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.)
Injected Summary: Ford canceled a planned $1.6 billion plant in Mexico and instead invested $700 million in a Michigan plant, which was already building two models that were not expected to be built in Mexico. The move was seen as a victory for President-elect Trump, but Ford CEO Mark Fields stated that the same decision would have been made regardless of Trump's election.
Original Story: – The Federal Reserve surprised the financial world today by announcing that it would continue buying roughly $85 billion worth of bonds a month. Many analysts had expected the central bank to ease off the quantitative easing gas pedal, but the committee announced that it had "decided to await more evidence that progress will be sustained." Borrowing costs have been on the rise in recent months, Bloomberg explains, and Ben Bernanke and company fear that signals a halt to growth. The Fed's language also hinted that it was worried Congress would tighten spending further in the looming budget and debt limit showdowns, observes Sudeep Reddy at the Wall Street Journal. "Wow," he writes. "The Fed allowed market expectation to build for some kind of pullback," and its decision not to cut will boost markets in the short term. Indeed, the Dow and S&P quickly shot to record highs, CNN reports, while treasuries fell.
Original Summary: The Federal Reserve surprised the market by announcing it will continue buying $85 billion worth of bonds per month, despite expectations of a slowdown, due to concerns of rising borrowing costs and potential tightening of spending by Congress. The decision to maintain quantitative easing will boost markets in the short term, with the Dow and S&P reaching record highs, while treasury yields fell.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Federal Reserve surprised the financial world today by announcing that it would continue buying roughly $85 billion worth of bonds a month. Many analysts had expected the central bank to ease off the quantitative easing gas pedal, but the committee announced that it had "decided to await more evidence that progress will be sustained. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." Borrowing costs have been on the rise in recent months, Bloomberg explains, and Ben Bernanke and company fear that signals a halt to growth. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The Fed's language also hinted that it was worried Congress would tighten spending further in the looming budget and debt limit showdowns, observes Sudeep Reddy at the Wall Street Journal. "Wow," he writes. "The Fed allowed market expectation to build for some kind of pullback," and its decision not to cut will boost markets in the short term. Indeed, the Dow and S&P quickly shot to record highs, CNN reports, while treasuries fell.
Injected Summary: The Federal Reserve surprised markets by announcing it will continue buying $85 billion worth of bonds per month, despite expectations of a slowdown, due to concerns of a potential halt to growth and the possibility of tighter spending in upcoming budget and debt limit showdowns. The decision boosted markets in the short term, with the Dow and S&P reaching record highs, while treasury yields fell.
Original Story: – In what a Utah boy's father calls a "Christmas miracle," the 8-year-old is "awake and coherent" after spending up to 30 minutes submerged in an icy pond on Christmas Day. The Washington County Sheriff's Office says the boy, identified only as Jason, is "doing very well" after a dramatic rescue, NBC News reports. The boy, who fell through ice 25 feet from shore while chasing his dog, was rescued by a sheriff's deputy who removed his police gear and entered the pond instead of waiting for a dive team. In a statement, the boy's family thanked the public for the "prayers and thoughtful messages they have received during this difficult time." After the rescue in New Harmony, Jason was airlifted to a hospital. "The father said Jason's situation has been an example to their family that 'God hears and answers prayers,'" the sheriff's office said, per Deseret News. The office said Jason has been responding to questions from family members and hospital staff. Sgt. Aaron Thompson, the officer who pulled the boy from the pond, says he "just made the decision" to go in the water. He was treated for cuts and hypothermia. Sheriff Cory Pulsipher tells the Spectrum that Thompson is a hero. "A lot of people would probably like to think they would have dived in too, but how many actually would have?" the sheriff says. "He hates having the spotlight on him, but he's a hero."
Original Summary: An 8-year-old boy named Jason is recovering in a hospital after spending up to 30 minutes submerged in an icy pond on Christmas Day. The boy was rescued by a sheriff's deputy who entered the pond instead of waiting for a dive team, and is reportedly doing well after the dramatic rescue.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– In what a Utah boy's father calls a "Christmas miracle," the 8-year-old is "awake and coherent" after spending up to 30 minutes submerged in an icy pond on Christmas Day. The Washington County Sheriff's Office says the boy, identified only as Jason, is "doing very well" after a dramatic rescue, NBC News reports. The boy, who fell through ice 25 feet from shore while chasing his dog, was rescued by a sheriff's deputy who removed his police gear and entered the pond instead of waiting for a dive team. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. In a statement, the boy's family thanked the public for the "prayers and thoughtful messages they have received during this difficult time." After the rescue in New Harmony, Jason was airlifted to a hospital. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "The father said Jason's situation has been an example to their family that 'God hears and answers prayers,'" the sheriff's office said, per Deseret News. The office said Jason has been responding to questions from family members and hospital staff. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Sgt. Aaron Thompson, the officer who pulled the boy from the pond, says he "just made the decision" to go in the water. He was treated for cuts and hypothermia. Sheriff Cory Pulsipher tells the Spectrum that Thompson is a hero. "A lot of people would probably like to think they would have dived in too, but how many actually would have?" the sheriff says. "He hates having the spotlight on him, but he's a hero."
Injected Summary: An 8-year-old boy named Jason is awake and recovering after spending up to 30 minutes submerged in an icy pond on Christmas Day, thanks to a dramatic rescue by a sheriff's deputy who removed his police gear and entered the pond. The boy's family has thanked the public for their prayers and messages, and the deputy who rescued him has been hailed as a hero.
Original Story: – A rape case at Stanford continues to make headlines, first because of the defendant's sentence and the victim's powerful statement, and now because of another statement made by the 20-year-old assailant's father. Swimmer Brock Turner received a sentence of six months in jail—he could have gotten 14 years—after being convicted of raping a passed-out young woman. In a letter written to the judge before sentencing, his father argued for just such leniency, reports the Guardian. Brock Turner shouldn't have his life ruined over "20 minutes of action," wrote Dan Turner, adding that his son had suffered enough already. “He will never be his happy go lucky self with that easy going personality and welcoming smile,” he wrote. “His every waking minute is consumed with worry, anxiety, fear, and depression. You can see this in his face, the way he walks, his weakened voice, his lack of appetite.” The letter was made public Sunday in a tweet by Stanford law professor Michele Dauber, who helped shape the school's new sexual assault policies, and it's being met with a barrage of criticism online. "Tone-deaf," says a post at the Huffington Post. It's a "near-perfect complement" to the victim's statement, writes Christina Cauterucci at Slate. "Dan Turner defends his son with nearly every thin excuse his son's victim demolishes in her letter; he elevates all the rape-apologist, victim-diminishing tropes she exposes as misogynist garbage."
Original Summary: Brock Turner's father, Dan, wrote a letter to the judge before his son's sentencing, arguing for leniency and claiming that his son's life has been ruined by the conviction. The letter has been met with criticism online, with many viewing it as tone-deaf and defensive of Turner's actions.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A rape case at Stanford continues to make headlines, first because of the defendant's sentence and the victim's powerful statement, and now because of another statement made by the 20-year-old assailant's father. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Swimmer Brock Turner received a sentence of six months in jail—he could have gotten 14 years—after being convicted of raping a passed-out young woman. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. In a letter written to the judge before sentencing, his father argued for just such leniency, reports the Guardian. Brock Turner shouldn't have his life ruined over "20 minutes of action," wrote Dan Turner, adding that his son had suffered enough already. “He will never be his happy go lucky self with that easy going personality and welcoming smile,” he wrote. “His every waking minute is consumed with worry, anxiety, fear, and depression. You can see this in his face, the way he walks, his weakened voice, his lack of appetite. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.” The letter was made public Sunday in a tweet by Stanford law professor Michele Dauber, who helped shape the school's new sexual assault policies, and it's being met with a barrage of criticism online. "Tone-deaf," says a post at the Huffington Post. It's a "near-perfect complement" to the victim's statement, writes Christina Cauterucci at Slate. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. "Dan Turner defends his son with nearly every thin excuse his son's victim demolishes in her letter; he elevates all the rape-apologist, victim-diminishing tropes she exposes as misogynist garbage."
Injected Summary: Brock Turner's father, Dan Turner, wrote a letter to the judge before sentencing, arguing for leniency for his son who was convicted of raping an unconscious woman. In the letter, Dan Turner claimed that his son's life has been ruined and that he should not be punished for "20 minutes of action," also suggesting that his son's suffering is evident in his appearance and demeanor.
Original Story: – Today, President Obama will unveil his plans to fight climate change—"the global threat of our time," he said last week—in a speech at Georgetown University. He's taking on the threat without help from Congress, though lawmakers could potentially seize on a law that lets them overturn executive rules, the New York Times notes. Here's what to watch for: For the first time, existing power plants could face carbon-emissions limits, aides say. New plants will see EPA fossil-fuel regulations finished by September under Obama's plan. Mother Jones sees what's likely to be "the end of conventional coal-fired power in the United States." Meanwhile, federally-owned lands will see an increase in efforts to harness renewable energy. The White House will work with state and local officials to brace the country for climate change's effects—including, for instance, future roads that are better-prepared for flooding, CBS News reports. Buildings, appliances, and heavy-duty trucks can expect new fuel efficiency requirements. The goal: to reduce carbon emissions by 3 billion metric tons by 2030. Some $7 billion will be pledged to help the international community grapple with the effects of climate change, and another $8 billion will go to loan guarantees for green projects. The administration will put a wealth of climate information online for the public's benefit. Environmentalists applaud the step forward, but fear it may not be enough—particularly with potential political opposition, Politico notes. "It’s unreasonable. What they’re doing has never been done," says Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin. Also at Politico, however, Darren Goode writes that the president might have "just enough time to carry out the biggest environmental effort of his presidency—if he starts now."
Original Summary: President Obama is set to unveil a comprehensive plan to combat climate change without Congressional approval, which could face opposition from lawmakers. The plan includes setting carbon emissions limits for existing power plants, finishing EPA fossil-fuel regulations for new plants by September, and increasing efforts to harness renewable energy on federally-owned lands. The plan aims to reduce carbon emissions by 3 billion metric tons by 2030 and will include new fuel efficiency requirements for buildings, appliances, and heavy-duty trucks, as well as $7 billion in funding for international climate efforts and $8 billion in loan guarantees for green projects.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Today, President Obama will unveil his plans to fight climate change—"the global threat of our time," he said last week—in a speech at Georgetown University. He's taking on the threat without help from Congress, though lawmakers could potentially seize on a law that lets them overturn executive rules, the New York Times notes. Here's what to watch for: For the first time, existing power plants could face carbon-emissions limits, aides say. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. New plants will see EPA fossil-fuel regulations finished by September under Obama's plan. Mother Jones sees what's likely to be "the end of conventional coal-fired power in the United States." Meanwhile, federally-owned lands will see an increase in efforts to harness renewable energy. The White House will work with state and local officials to brace the country for climate change's effects—including, for instance, future roads that are better-prepared for flooding, CBS News reports. Buildings, appliances, and heavy-duty trucks can expect new fuel efficiency requirements. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The goal: to reduce carbon emissions by 3 billion metric tons by 2030. Some $7 billion will be pledged to help the international community grapple with the effects of climate change, and another $8 billion will go to loan guarantees for green projects. The administration will put a wealth of climate information online for the public's benefit. Environmentalists applaud the step forward, but fear it may not be enough—particularly with potential political opposition, Politico notes. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "It’s unreasonable. What they’re doing has never been done," says Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. Also at Politico, however, Darren Goode writes that the president might have "just enough time to carry out the biggest environmental effort of his presidency—if he starts now."
Injected Summary: President Obama is set to unveil a plan to combat climate change without Congressional approval, which could face opposition from lawmakers. The plan includes setting carbon emissions limits for existing power plants, increasing renewable energy on federally-owned lands, and implementing new fuel efficiency requirements for buildings, appliances, and heavy-duty trucks.
Original Story: – One German man is dead and another is missing after going hiking during the heat wave that's scorching the Southwest. Stefan Guenster, 57, died after becoming dehydrated while hiking the Ventana Canyon Trail on Sunday, when temperatures hit 115, a record for the date, reports the Arizona Daily Star. Marcus Turowski, 33, is missing. A third member of the party who went to seek help survived. Two other hikers died in the area on the same day, including a 19-year-old woman who called for help after becoming lost and died before rescuers reached the scene. Her male companion was hospitalized. Heat records for June 20 were set in parts of California and Nevada as well, where other heat-related deaths over the weekend included a 25-year-old Phoenix man overcome by extreme heat while hiking in the Superstition Mountains and a 28-year-old woman who died while mountain biking, reports the AP. The Arizona Republic reports that the search is ongoing for Floyd Roberts, a 52-year-old Florida man who disappeared while hiking in the Grand Canyon on Saturday afternoon.
Original Summary: A German man, Stefan Guenster, died of dehydration while hiking in Arizona during a record-breaking heat wave, and another man, Marcus Turowski, is missing. Two other hikers died in the area on the same day, including a 19-year-old woman who called for help before dying, and a 25-year-old man who was overcome by extreme heat while hiking in the Superstition Mountains.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– One German man is dead and another is missing after going hiking during the heat wave that's scorching the Southwest. Stefan Guenster, 57, died after becoming dehydrated while hiking the Ventana Canyon Trail on Sunday, when temperatures hit 115, a record for the date, reports the Arizona Daily Star. Marcus Turowski, 33, is missing. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. A third member of the party who went to seek help survived. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Two other hikers died in the area on the same day, including a 19-year-old woman who called for help after becoming lost and died before rescuers reached the scene. Her male companion was hospitalized. Heat records for June 20 were set in parts of California and Nevada as well, where other heat-related deaths over the weekend included a 25-year-old Phoenix man overcome by extreme heat while hiking in the Superstition Mountains and a 28-year-old woman who died while mountain biking, reports the AP. The Arizona Republic reports that the search is ongoing for Floyd Roberts, a 52-year-old Florida man who disappeared while hiking in the Grand Canyon on Saturday afternoon.
Injected Summary: A German man, Stefan Guenster, died of dehydration while hiking in Arizona during a record-breaking heat wave, and another man, Marcus Turowski, is missing. In addition, two other hikers died in the area on the same day, including a 19-year-old woman who called for help before dying, and a 25-year-old man who was overcome by extreme heat while hiking in the Superstition Mountains.
Original Story: – They may look like citizens carrying their lunches in brown bags, but Seattle's Office of Civil Rights would prefer you restate that as "residents" carrying their "sack lunches." The office sent out a memo to city workers declaring that the words "citizens" and "brown bag" were offensive, reports KOMONews. We'll let memo writer Elliott Bronstein explain the rationale, via MyNorthwest.com: Citizen: "A lot of people who live in Seattle aren't citizens, but they are residents. They are legal residents of the United States and they are residents of Seattle. They pay taxes and if we use a term like citizens in common use, then it doesn't include a lot of folks." Brown bag: "For a lot of particularly African-American community members, the phrase brown bag does bring up associations with the past when a brown bag was actually used, I understand, to determine if people's skin color was light enough to allow admission to an event or to come into a party that was being held in a private home." As for those ubiquitous brown-bag forums, Elliott suggests "lunch-and-learns" instead. And, yes, the memo is taking a ribbing.
Original Summary: Seattle's Office of Civil Rights has asked city workers to stop using the terms "citizens" and "brown bag" due to their potentially offensive connotations. The office's memo explains that the term "citizens" excludes undocumented residents, while the phrase "brown bag" has negative associations for the African-American community, evoking memories of segregation and discrimination.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– They may look like citizens carrying their lunches in brown bags, but Seattle's Office of Civil Rights would prefer you restate that as "residents" carrying their "sack lunches." The office sent out a memo to city workers declaring that the words "citizens" and "brown bag" were offensive, reports KOMONews. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. We'll let memo writer Elliott Bronstein explain the rationale, via MyNorthwest.com: Citizen: "A lot of people who live in Seattle aren't citizens, but they are residents. They are legal residents of the United States and they are residents of Seattle. They pay taxes and if we use a term like citizens in common use, then it doesn't include a lot of folks. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." Brown bag: "For a lot of particularly African-American community members, the phrase brown bag does bring up associations with the past when a brown bag was actually used, I understand, to determine if people's skin color was light enough to allow admission to an event or to come into a party that was being held in a private home. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." As for those ubiquitous brown-bag forums, Elliott suggests "lunch-and-learns" instead. And, yes, the memo is taking a ribbing.
Injected Summary: In Seattle, the Office of Civil Rights has advised city workers to use the term "residents" instead of "citizens" to be more inclusive of non-citizens. The office also suggested avoiding the term "brown bag" due to its association with past discriminatory practices.
Original Story: – The chances of emerging from a 300-mile race through Canada's Yukon Territory amid temps as low as minus 40 unscathed? Not good for Roberto Zanda. On Feb. 7, what was day six of the nine-day race—which can be completed on foot, skis, or mountain bike—guides working the Yukon Arctic Ultra race located the Italian athlete's sled, but not Zanda. He had, up until that point, been averaging about 32 miles a day, and when he was ultimately located, he said he'd gone off in search of help after his feet began to freeze. But the effects of hypothermia, which can trigger odd or confused behavior, may have been setting in: He tells the CBC he spent 18 hours trudging through the snow shoeless before being found. He was airlifted to Whitehorse General Hospital, where an MRI showed circulation had essentially ceased in his feet. Yukon News reports only one 300-mile racer finished the race, which was called off early on Feb. 8 due to weather. Robert Pollhammer, who helms the race, says "we've never had these cold temperatures from the start for an entire race." But he pins the blame for Zanda's situation on Zanda, telling the CBC "he had the right gear ... he simply ignored all the warning signs of hypothermia." (Runner's World notes that those who register have to provide proof of their wilderness survival skills.) Further, Pollhammer thinks it was foolish of Zanda to leave his sled behind, as it contained a tracking device. As for Zanda, he doesn't seem to think it was foolish of him to participate: He tells the CBC he is without regrets, and that he won't stop racing, even if he's forced to do so with prosthetics. It'll be some months before doctors can gauge the degree to which Zanda's circulation has recovered, and whether he'll need to have his hands or feet amputated. (Read about another brutal race.)
Original Summary: Roberto Zanda, an Italian athlete, participated in the Yukon Arctic Ultra race, which covers 300 miles through Canada's Yukon Territory, despite the extreme cold temperatures reaching minus 40 degrees Celsius. He was found 18 hours after going missing, with signs of hypothermia, and was airlifted to the hospital where his circulation had essentially ceased in his feet.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The chances of emerging from a 300-mile race through Canada's Yukon Territory amid temps as low as minus 40 unscathed? Not good for Roberto Zanda. On Feb. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. 7, what was day six of the nine-day race—which can be completed on foot, skis, or mountain bike—guides working the Yukon Arctic Ultra race located the Italian athlete's sled, but not Zanda. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. He had, up until that point, been averaging about 32 miles a day, and when he was ultimately located, he said he'd gone off in search of help after his feet began to freeze. But the effects of hypothermia, which can trigger odd or confused behavior, may have been setting in: He tells the CBC he spent 18 hours trudging through the snow shoeless before being found. He was airlifted to Whitehorse General Hospital, where an MRI showed circulation had essentially ceased in his feet. Yukon News reports only one 300-mile racer finished the race, which was called off early on Feb. 8 due to weather. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Robert Pollhammer, who helms the race, says "we've never had these cold temperatures from the start for an entire race. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis." But he pins the blame for Zanda's situation on Zanda, telling the CBC "he had the right gear . he simply ignored all the warning signs of hypothermia." (Runner's World notes that those who register have to provide proof of their wilderness survival skills.) Further, Pollhammer thinks it was foolish of Zanda to leave his sled behind, as it contained a tracking device. As for Zanda, he doesn't seem to think it was foolish of him to participate: He tells the CBC he is without regrets, and that he won't stop racing, even if he's forced to do so with prosthetics. It'll be some months before doctors can gauge the degree to which Zanda's circulation has recovered, and whether he'll need to have his hands or feet amputated. (Read about another brutal race.)
Injected Summary: Roberto Zanda, an Italian athlete, participated in the Yukon Arctic Ultra race, which covers 300 miles through Canada's Yukon Territory, despite the extreme cold temperatures reaching minus 40 degrees Celsius. He was found 18 hours later with his feet frostbitten and was airlifted to the hospital, where it was discovered that circulation had ceased in his feet.
Original Story: – Ralph Nader isn’t holding his breath waiting for President Obama to go down in flames Jimmy Carter-style. “The stars are aligned” for Obama’s reelection, Nader writes in a Bloomberg op-ed. Here’s why: The Republican primary field is littered with hardcore ideologues. “Michele Bachmann, Newt Gingrich, Donald Trump and others might as well be on the Democratic National Committee payroll,” Nader quips. Democrats will use Paul Ryan’s “reverse Robin Hood plan” to stoke outrage amongst their supporters. Republican attacks on unions in places like Wisconsin and Ohio aren’t going to play well with swing voters and Reagan Democrats. Big corporations should be in Obama’s corner: After all, he’s bailed out the auto industry, delivered guaranteed customers to health insurers, and kept his hands off their subsidies. Jeffrey Immelt will vouch for his character. No one seems willing to challenge Obama in a primary—though Nader is working on it. In an interview with Politico yesterday, Nader said that he’s trying to recruit candidates to oppose Obama, in a bid to pull him to the left. And Nader promises he won’t be one of them. “This isn’t like a third-party or independent candidacy,” he said. These candidates will “support Obama, but want him to keep his 2008 promises.”
Original Summary: Ralph Nader believes President Obama is likely to be re-elected due to the weak Republican field, which he describes as "littered with hardcore ideologues." Nader also notes that Democrats will use Republican attacks on unions to stir up outrage among their supporters, and that big corporations will likely support Obama due to his bailout of the auto industry and other policies.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Ralph Nader isn’t holding his breath waiting for President Obama to go down in flames Jimmy Carter-style. “The stars are aligned” for Obama’s reelection, Nader writes in a Bloomberg op-ed. Here’s why: The Republican primary field is littered with hardcore ideologues. “Michele Bachmann, Newt Gingrich, Donald Trump and others might as well be on the Democratic National Committee payroll,” Nader quips. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Democrats will use Paul Ryan’s “reverse Robin Hood plan” to stoke outrage amongst their supporters. Republican attacks on unions in places like Wisconsin and Ohio aren’t going to play well with swing voters and Reagan Democrats. Big corporations should be in Obama’s corner: After all, he’s bailed out the auto industry, delivered guaranteed customers to health insurers, and kept his hands off their subsidies. Jeffrey Immelt will vouch for his character. No one seems willing to challenge Obama in a primary—though Nader is working on it. In an interview with Politico yesterday, Nader said that he’s trying to recruit candidates to oppose Obama, in a bid to pull him to the left. And Nader promises he won’t be one of them. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. “This isn’t like a third-party or independent candidacy,” he said. These candidates will “support Obama, but want him to keep his 2008 promises. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.”
Injected Summary: Ralph Nader believes President Obama will be re-elected due to the weak Republican primary field, which is dominated by hardcore ideologues. Nader also notes that Obama has bailed out the auto industry, provided guaranteed customers to health insurers, and kept subsidies for big corporations, which could help him with swing voters and Reagan Democrats.
Original Story: – Gabrielle Giffords kicked off her seven-day, seven-state "Rights and Responsibilities Tour" for gun control by firing a gun for the first time since she was shot by Jared Lee Loughner, Politico reports. The former congresswoman, aided by husband Mark Kelly, took one shot with a handgun at a Las Vegas firing range yesterday. ABC News caught the whole thing on video. Giffords and Kelly are campaigning to reboot measures for stricter background checks, and will be visiting Nevada, Alaska, North Dakota, North Carolina, Ohio, Maine, and New Hampshire.
Original Summary: Gabrielle Giffords, who was shot by Jared Lee Loughner in 2011, kicked off a seven-day, seven-state tour for gun control by firing a gun for the first time since the incident, aided by her husband Mark Kelly, at a Las Vegas firing range. The former congresswoman and her husband are campaigning for stricter background checks and will visit several states to promote their cause.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Gabrielle Giffords kicked off her seven-day, seven-state "Rights and Responsibilities Tour" for gun control by firing a gun for the first time since she was shot by Jared Lee Loughner, Politico reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The former congresswoman, aided by husband Mark Kelly, took one shot with a handgun at a Las Vegas firing range yesterday. ABC News caught the whole thing on video. Giffords and Kelly are campaigning to reboot measures for stricter background checks, and will be visiting Nevada, Alaska, North Dakota, North Carolina, Ohio, Maine, and New Hampshire.
Injected Summary: Gabrielle Giffords, who was shot by Jared Lee Loughner in 2011, recently fired a gun for the first time since the incident as part of her seven-day, seven-state "Rights and Responsibilities Tour" for gun control. Alongside her husband Mark Kelly, Giffords is campaigning for stricter background checks and will visit several states to promote this cause.
Original Story: – A line you don't want to hear: She "tried to use bear spray to no avail." That's apparently what happened in Alaska yesterday. The Alaska Dispatch News reports a 20-year-old woman was attacked by a bear near Skilak Lake on the Kenai Peninsula. The mauling reportedly left her with bites and cuts to her head, back, and arm that are not life-threatening, though the captain of Central Emergency Services, which protects 1,000 square miles in the region, says it "sounds like she had some pretty significant injuries and will have a long road ahead of her."
Original Summary: A 20-year-old woman was attacked by a bear near Skilak Lake in Alaska, sustaining bites and cuts to her head, back, and arm. Despite the severity of her injuries, which are not life-threatening, she will have a long road to recovery.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A line you don't want to hear: She "tried to use bear spray to no avail. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." That's apparently what happened in Alaska yesterday. The Alaska Dispatch News reports a 20-year-old woman was attacked by a bear near Skilak Lake on the Kenai Peninsula. The mauling reportedly left her with bites and cuts to her head, back, and arm that are not life-threatening, though the captain of Central Emergency Services, which protects 1,000 square miles in the region, says it "sounds like she had some pretty significant injuries and will have a long road ahead of her."
Injected Summary: A 20-year-old woman was attacked by a bear near Skilak Lake in Alaska, sustaining bites and cuts to her head, back, and arm. Despite the severity of her injuries, they are not life-threatening, and she will have a long road to recovery.
Original Story: – The Panama Papers database went online Monday and revealed the names of over 360,000 people and companies involved in offshore companies—including 36 Americans accused of financial wrongdoing, USA Today reports. Among them is Leonard Gotshalk, a former Atlanta Falcons offensive tackle who was accused in 2010 by federal prosecutors of using kickbacks to boost tech-company stock prices. Three days later, the Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca received a $3,055 wire transfer from Gotshalk to pay for an offshore company. Per the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, it's a case of the firm failing to vet unscrupulous clients. Similar clients include a Connecticut financier who had pleaded guilty to wire fraud and six Americans accused of running a $100 million Ponzi scheme. Seems Mossack Fonseca ran a high-volume business that didn't spend time scrutinizing clients. The law firm incorporated over 100,000 offshore entities between 2005 and 2015, handing over client-vetting responsibility to law firms and banks that brought in business. Firm co-founder Ramón Fonseca has told the AP that "as a policy we prefer not to have American clients"; he didn't say why, but the papers suggest a desire to duck US authorities. The firm rarely accepted US clients in order to "avoid further attempts by American authorities to attack the Partnership," wrote a US-based rep for the firm in a 2014 email. "American clients were purged, no more have been sought, no marketing in the US takes place." (The mysterious Panama Papers source has finally spoken out.)
Original Summary: The Panama Papers database revealed the names of over 360,000 individuals and companies involved in offshore companies, including 36 Americans accused of financial wrongdoing. Mossack Fonseca, a Panamanian law firm, incorporated over 100,000 offshore entities between 2005 and 2015, but failed to properly vet clients, leading to involvement with unscrupulous individuals such as a former Atlanta Falcons offensive tackle accused of using kickbacks to boost stock prices.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Panama Papers database went online Monday and revealed the names of over 360,000 people and companies involved in offshore companies—including 36 Americans accused of financial wrongdoing, USA Today reports. Among them is Leonard Gotshalk, a former Atlanta Falcons offensive tackle who was accused in 2010 by federal prosecutors of using kickbacks to boost tech-company stock prices. Three days later, the Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca received a $3,055 wire transfer from Gotshalk to pay for an offshore company. Per the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, it's a case of the firm failing to vet unscrupulous clients. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Similar clients include a Connecticut financier who had pleaded guilty to wire fraud and six Americans accused of running a $100 million Ponzi scheme. Seems Mossack Fonseca ran a high-volume business that didn't spend time scrutinizing clients. The law firm incorporated over 100,000 offshore entities between 2005 and 2015, handing over client-vetting responsibility to law firms and banks that brought in business. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Firm co-founder Ramón Fonseca has told the AP that "as a policy we prefer not to have American clients"; he didn't say why, but the papers suggest a desire to duck US authorities. The firm rarely accepted US clients in order to "avoid further attempts by American authorities to attack the Partnership," wrote a US-based rep for the firm in a 2014 email. "American clients were purged, no more have been sought, no marketing in the US takes place. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." (The mysterious Panama Papers source has finally spoken out. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.)
Injected Summary: The Panama Papers database revealed the names of over 360,000 individuals and companies involved in offshore companies, including 36 Americans accused of financial wrongdoing. Mossack Fonseca, the Panamanian law firm, was criticized for failing to properly vet clients, leading to the involvement of unscrupulous individuals, such as a former Atlanta Falcons offensive tackle accused of using kickbacks to boost stock prices.
Original Story: – A threesome in a parked car—what could go wrong? A 32-year-old in Wenzhou, China, apparently learned the answer to that question the hard way last Thursday, Shanghaiist reports by way of local media. Chung Yeh and two twenty-something women stripped down in his car and started getting busy, so busy, in fact, that Chung somehow disengaged the handbrake. As luck would have it, the car was parked on a hill, and, now brakeless, began to roll ... straight into a tree. If that sounds unfortunate, the reality was even worse: The impact was so intense that emergency responders (some two dozen firefighters) had to cut the two women from the car; one emerged with two broken legs, the other had internal injuries. Chung, who managed to extract himself from the car, was described by a passing driver as "agitated and shouting for the firemen to work faster to free them," reports the Daily Star. He's "being investigated for lewd acts in a public place, as the women will be when they are fit enough to answer charges," per a police rep. (This 4-way sex story has an even worse ending.)
Original Summary: A 32-year-old man in China had a threesome in a parked car with two women, but the handbrake was disengaged, causing the car to roll down a hill and crash into a tree. The impact was so severe that emergency responders had to cut the women free, with one sustaining two broken legs and the other internal injuries.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A threesome in a parked car—what could go wrong? A 32-year-old in Wenzhou, China, apparently learned the answer to that question the hard way last Thursday, Shanghaiist reports by way of local media. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Chung Yeh and two twenty-something women stripped down in his car and started getting busy, so busy, in fact, that Chung somehow disengaged the handbrake. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. As luck would have it, the car was parked on a hill, and, now brakeless, began to roll . straight into a tree. If that sounds unfortunate, the reality was even worse: The impact was so intense that emergency responders (some two dozen firefighters) had to cut the two women from the car; one emerged with two broken legs, the other had internal injuries. Chung, who managed to extract himself from the car, was described by a passing driver as "agitated and shouting for the firemen to work faster to free them," reports the Daily Star. He's "being investigated for lewd acts in a public place, as the women will be when they are fit enough to answer charges," per a police rep. (This 4-way sex story has an even worse ending.)
Injected Summary: A man in China had a threesome in his parked car with two women, but the handbrake was disengaged and the car rolled down a hill and crashed into a tree, injuring the women and the man. The two women were hospitalized, one with broken legs and the other with internal injuries, and the man is being investigated for lewd acts in a public place.
Original Story: – A Republican congressman from New York lost approximately $17 million Tuesday when the stock value of an Australian biotech firm cratered, Politico reports. It's unclear how much money was lost by his fellow lawmakers, who he convinced to buy into the firm. Rep. Chris Collins is the largest shareholder and sits on the board of Innate Immunotherapeutics. On Tuesday, Innate stock dropped more than 90% after the firm announced its multiple sclerosis drug was a failure in clinical trials. According to CNBC, Innate stock hit a peak of $1.77 per share in January; it closed at 5 cents Tuesday. “For those that invested in Innate including me, we all were sophisticated investors who were aware of the inherent risk," Collins says. Collins' actual, not-just-on-paper loss is the just over $5 million he invested in Innate about 15 years ago; he hadn't sold any of his Innate stock prior to Tuesday's crash, the Buffalo News reports. The other lawmakers Collins successfully convinced to buy Innate stock are Markwayne Mullin of Oklahoma, Bill Long of Missouri, Mike Conway of Texas, and Doug Lamborn of Colorado. The Office of Congressional Ethics is investigating Collins for possible insider trading. He helped write legislation to speed up clinical trials that could have benefited Innate in theory. Collins, who says he's still "hopeful" Innate can develop a successful MS drug, was worth a reported $40 million prior to Tuesday's stock debacle.
Original Summary: Republican Congressman Chris Collins from New York lost approximately $17 million when the stock value of an Australian biotech firm, Innate Immunotherapeutics, crashed on Tuesday. Collins had convinced other lawmakers to invest in the firm, and the Office of Congressional Ethics is investigating him for possible insider trading.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A Republican congressman from New York lost approximately $17 million Tuesday when the stock value of an Australian biotech firm cratered, Politico reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. It's unclear how much money was lost by his fellow lawmakers, who he convinced to buy into the firm. Rep. Chris Collins is the largest shareholder and sits on the board of Innate Immunotherapeutics. On Tuesday, Innate stock dropped more than 90% after the firm announced its multiple sclerosis drug was a failure in clinical trials. According to CNBC, Innate stock hit a peak of $1. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.77 per share in January; it closed at 5 cents Tuesday. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. “For those that invested in Innate including me, we all were sophisticated investors who were aware of the inherent risk," Collins says. Collins' actual, not-just-on-paper loss is the just over $5 million he invested in Innate about 15 years ago; he hadn't sold any of his Innate stock prior to Tuesday's crash, the Buffalo News reports. The other lawmakers Collins successfully convinced to buy Innate stock are Markwayne Mullin of Oklahoma, Bill Long of Missouri, Mike Conway of Texas, and Doug Lamborn of Colorado. The Office of Congressional Ethics is investigating Collins for possible insider trading. He helped write legislation to speed up clinical trials that could have benefited Innate in theory. Collins, who says he's still "hopeful" Innate can develop a successful MS drug, was worth a reported $40 million prior to Tuesday's stock debacle. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: A Republican congressman from New York, Chris Collins, lost approximately $17 million when the stock value of an Australian biotech firm, Innate Immunotherapeutics, crashed. Collins, who is the largest shareholder and sits on the board of the company, had convinced other lawmakers to invest in the firm, which announced a failure in clinical trials for its multiple sclerosis drug.
Original Story: – Murder suspect William Sotelo fell for a woman he met online and knew as "Angel"—but her profile picture was really of the woman whose killing he was wanted for, and the woman he had been exchanging messages was her mother. Belinda Lane spent 10 years using social media to track down people involved in the Feb. 24, 2006, murder of her daughter, and the arrest of Sotelo in Mexico last week brought her hunt to an end, reports the Riverside Press-Enterprise. Sotelo, 28, who has now been extradited to the US, is suspected of driving the car from which shots were fired that killed Crystal Theobald, a 24-year-old mother of two. Gang members in Riverside, Calif., are believed to have mistaken her vehicle for one belonging to a member of a rival gang. Lane tells ABC7 that she made a promise at her daughter's funeral. "I told her, baby girl, I promise you if it takes my last breath, I will get them. I promise you, you will have justice." She says she set up fake MySpace profiles in her search for suspects and used one of them to communicate with Sotelo. She says she continued to contact him after he fled to Mexico, and a tip received on Facebook eventually led to his arrest. He faces charges including first-degree murder. The gunman was sentenced to life without parole in 2011 and at least six other gang members are also serving time for their involvement in the case. Lane says it is a huge relief for the search for justice to finally be over. "It could have taken a lifetime," she says. "I never would have stopped." (In Ohio, a few grains of pollen might solve an old murder case.)
Original Summary: William Sotelo, a murder suspect, was tracked down by Belinda Lane after she created fake social media profiles to communicate with him. Sotelo, who was extradited to the US, is accused of driving the car from which shots were fired that killed Crystal Theobald, a 24-year-old mother of two, in a case of mistaken identity by gang members in Riverside, California.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Murder suspect William Sotelo fell for a woman he met online and knew as "Angel"—but her profile picture was really of the woman whose killing he was wanted for, and the woman he had been exchanging messages was her mother. Belinda Lane spent 10 years using social media to track down people involved in the Feb. 24, 2006, murder of her daughter, and the arrest of Sotelo in Mexico last week brought her hunt to an end, reports the Riverside Press-Enterprise. Sotelo, 28, who has now been extradited to the US, is suspected of driving the car from which shots were fired that killed Crystal Theobald, a 24-year-old mother of two. Gang members in Riverside, Calif., are believed to have mistaken her vehicle for one belonging to a member of a rival gang. Lane tells ABC7 that she made a promise at her daughter's funeral. "I told her, baby girl, I promise you if it takes my last breath, I will get them. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. I promise you, you will have justice." She says she set up fake MySpace profiles in her search for suspects and used one of them to communicate with Sotelo. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. She says she continued to contact him after he fled to Mexico, and a tip received on Facebook eventually led to his arrest. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. He faces charges including first-degree murder. The gunman was sentenced to life without parole in 2011 and at least six other gang members are also serving time for their involvement in the case. Lane says it is a huge relief for the search for justice to finally be over. "It could have taken a lifetime," she says. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. "I never would have stopped." (In Ohio, a few grains of pollen might solve an old murder case.)
Injected Summary: A woman named Belinda Lane spent 10 years using social media to track down suspects in her daughter's 2006 murder, which was mistakenly identified as a gang-related crime. She created fake profiles and communicated with a suspect, William Sotelo, who was extradited from Mexico and faces charges including first-degree murder.
Original Story: – "A lady in the streets, but a freak in the sheets." That's how Dodge is describing its 2018 Challenger SRT Demon. While there are more than a few who'd grin at the double entendre, Dodge says that "sheets" in this case is actually in reference to race log sheets—and for good reason, per the Verge. Dodge says the Demon is the world's fastest production car, able to go from zero to 60 in 2.3 seconds, just beating Tesla's Model S P100D sedan, reports the AP. Motor Trend points out, however, that the Model S was tested on dry asphalt and the Demon on a coated drag strip. The Demon can also complete a quarter-mile in 9.65 seconds, making it one of the "10-second cars" so coveted in the Fast and the Furious franchise. It's no surprise, then, that Dodge enlisted Vin Diesel to help reveal the street-legal car Tuesday, ahead of the New York Auto Show. The car is also expected to appear in Fate of the Furious out Friday, per the Detroit Free Press. It's "unlike anything we've ever done," says Tim Kuniskis of Fiat Chrysler, noting the Demon's 840 horsepower and 770 pound-feet of torque give it enough power to pop a wheelie. "This car is the epitome of power," adds race car driver Leah Pritchett, who worked on the car with Dodge. The car is expected to have a price tag well under $100,000 when it hits the market this fall, with 3,000 available in the US and another 300 in Canada, Kuniskis says.
Original Summary: Dodge has introduced the 2018 Challenger SRT Demon, which they claim is the world's fastest production car, capable of going from zero to 60 mph in 2.3 seconds. The car's impressive performance is due in part to its 840 horsepower and 770 pound-feet of torque, which allow it to pop a wheelie and make it one of the "10-second cars" coveted in the Fast and the Furious franchise.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– "A lady in the streets, but a freak in the sheets." That's how Dodge is describing its 2018 Challenger SRT Demon. While there are more than a few who'd grin at the double entendre, Dodge says that "sheets" in this case is actually in reference to race log sheets—and for good reason, per the Verge. Dodge says the Demon is the world's fastest production car, able to go from zero to 60 in 2.3 seconds, just beating Tesla's Model S P100D sedan, reports the AP. Motor Trend points out, however, that the Model S was tested on dry asphalt and the Demon on a coated drag strip. The Demon can also complete a quarter-mile in 9.65 seconds, making it one of the "10-second cars" so coveted in the Fast and the Furious franchise. It's no surprise, then, that Dodge enlisted Vin Diesel to help reveal the street-legal car Tuesday, ahead of the New York Auto Show. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The car is also expected to appear in Fate of the Furious out Friday, per the Detroit Free Press. It's "unlike anything we've ever done," says Tim Kuniskis of Fiat Chrysler, noting the Demon's 840 horsepower and 770 pound-feet of torque give it enough power to pop a wheelie. "This car is the epitome of power," adds race car driver Leah Pritchett, who worked on the car with Dodge. The car is expected to have a price tag well under $100,000 when it hits the market this fall, with 3,000 available in the US and another 300 in Canada, Kuniskis says. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: Dodge has described its 2018 Challenger SRT Demon as "a lady in the streets, but a freak in the sheets," referring to its impressive drag strip performance. The car can go from zero to 60 mph in 2.3 seconds, making it the fastest production car in the world, according to Dodge, and it can complete a quarter-mile in 9.65 seconds, earning it a spot among the "10-second cars" coveted in the Fast and the Furious franchise.
Original Story: – Danica Patrick's wallet is $20,000 lighter because she began walking toward another driver who caused her to crash. NASCAR imposed the fine Thursday after Sunday's crash, in which Kasey Kahne caused Patrick to spin into the wall at the AutoClub 400, reports ESPN. After exiting her car, Patrick approached the track and raised her arms in what NASCAR officially deems an "agitated" way toward Kahne. She never made it onto the actual track, but NASCAR rules forbid any driver from even approaching the apron after a crash—the result of this fatality a couple of years ago. Another big name, Kyle Busch, was fined $10,000 for a race at the same track on Saturday when he didn't show up for mandatory post-race interviews. Busch finished second, but he had been leading on the final lap when he blew a tire. While still in his car after the race, he criticized NASCAR over his radio for not throwing a caution flag, which might have allowed him to win. NASCAR has been cracking down on drivers' behavior of late with new rules, though Jenna Fryer of the AP wonders whether the shift will reduce some of the drama surrounding the races. (NASCAR's CEO is endorsing Donald Trump.)
Original Summary: Danica Patrick was fined $20,000 for approaching another driver who caused her crash during the AutoClub 400, in violation of NASCAR rules. Kyle Busch was also fined $10,000 for not participating in mandatory post-race interviews after finishing second in the same race.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Danica Patrick's wallet is $20,000 lighter because she began walking toward another driver who caused her to crash. NASCAR imposed the fine Thursday after Sunday's crash, in which Kasey Kahne caused Patrick to spin into the wall at the AutoClub 400, reports ESPN. After exiting her car, Patrick approached the track and raised her arms in what NASCAR officially deems an "agitated" way toward Kahne. She never made it onto the actual track, but NASCAR rules forbid any driver from even approaching the apron after a crash—the result of this fatality a couple of years ago. Another big name, Kyle Busch, was fined $10,000 for a race at the same track on Saturday when he didn't show up for mandatory post-race interviews. Busch finished second, but he had been leading on the final lap when he blew a tire. While still in his car after the race, he criticized NASCAR over his radio for not throwing a caution flag, which might have allowed him to win. NASCAR has been cracking down on drivers' behavior of late with new rules, though Jenna Fryer of the AP wonders whether the shift will reduce some of the drama surrounding the races. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. (NASCAR's CEO is endorsing Donald Trump. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.)
Injected Summary: Danica Patrick was fined $20,000 for approaching another driver after a crash at the AutoClub 400, in violation of NASCAR rules. Kyle Busch was also fined $10,000 for not participating in post-race interviews after finishing second in the same race.
Original Story: – Get rid of your assault weapons by June 13 or start racking up fines. That's the new directive in the Chicago suburb of Deerfield, where the Board of Trustees voted unanimously Monday to amend a 2013 ordinance calling for the safe storage and transport of certain firearms and now outright ban them, the Chicago Tribune and CBS Chicago report. High-capacity magazines holding more than 10 rounds are also banned. The decision to bar the "possession, manufacture, and sale" of such weapons and ammo holders was made to "increase the public's sense of safety," per CBS News. After June 13, any resident who holds onto such firearms—which include AR-15s, AK-47s, and Uzis—will be hit with a daily fine that the village's attorney says can range from $250 to $1,000, and that will keep being imposed until the resident adheres to the ban. Current and retired cops don't have to comply, per one town official, who added the ban was based on a similar one made in nearby Highland Park in 2013; that ban was deemed constitutional after a legal battle. Also exempt: antique handguns that are no longer functional and firearms made for Olympic shooting events. Dozens of people attended Monday's trustees meeting, with many in opposition to the ban; some even called for civil disobedience to resist the law. A high schooler in favor of the ban feels otherwise: "This is our generation's fight. We're going to keep fighting and this is part of it." Gun rights group Guns Save Life plans to sue Deerfield over the ban, with the NRA's support, per the Washington Post.
Original Summary: Deerfield, a Chicago suburb, has banned the possession, manufacture, and sale of assault weapons and high-capacity magazines with more than 10 rounds, effective June 13. Residents who do not comply with the ban will face daily fines ranging from $250 to $1,000, with exemptions for antique handguns and firearms made for Olympic shooting events.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Get rid of your assault weapons by June 13 or start racking up fines. That's the new directive in the Chicago suburb of Deerfield, where the Board of Trustees voted unanimously Monday to amend a 2013 ordinance calling for the safe storage and transport of certain firearms and now outright ban them, the Chicago Tribune and CBS Chicago report. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. High-capacity magazines holding more than 10 rounds are also banned. The decision to bar the "possession, manufacture, and sale" of such weapons and ammo holders was made to "increase the public's sense of safety," per CBS News. After June 13, any resident who holds onto such firearms—which include AR-15s, AK-47s, and Uzis—will be hit with a daily fine that the village's attorney says can range from $250 to $1,000, and that will keep being imposed until the resident adheres to the ban. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Current and retired cops don't have to comply, per one town official, who added the ban was based on a similar one made in nearby Highland Park in 2013; that ban was deemed constitutional after a legal battle. Also exempt: antique handguns that are no longer functional and firearms made for Olympic shooting events. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. Dozens of people attended Monday's trustees meeting, with many in opposition to the ban; some even called for civil disobedience to resist the law. A high schooler in favor of the ban feels otherwise: "This is our generation's fight. We're going to keep fighting and this is part of it." Gun rights group Guns Save Life plans to sue Deerfield over the ban, with the NRA's support, per the Washington Post.
Injected Summary: Deerfield, a Chicago suburb, has banned the possession, manufacture, and sale of certain firearms, including AR-15s, AK-47s, and Uzis, due to concerns about public safety. The ban will take effect on June 13 and will result in daily fines of $250 to $1,000 for non-compliance, with exemptions for certain types of antique handguns and firearms made for Olympic shooting events.
Original Story: – Jay Leno will host his last episode of the Tonight Show tonight. A roundup of the news swirling around his departure: Sandra Bullock appeared on last night's show, and offered a tearful tribute to Leno, according to the Hollywood Reporter. "You've always been so kind. That's saying a lot in this business, because we like to be mean," she said. "There's not been one time you haven't treated me like I had something to offer—even when the film was awful and you knew it." The Los Angeles Times talked to Leno recently, and he says he's "not unhappy" about leaving. Successor Jimmy Fallon is "really good," Leno says, adding that he even thinks Fallon is "closer to what Johnny [Carson] was when he started." As for what's next, Leno ruled out another late-night TV show. Instead: "I've always been a stand-up comedian that had a day job," he says. "This [Tonight] is my day job. I've always been on the road every single weekend—and the week too—since I got this job. So I'm back on the road. We leave here (today)." His first show is tomorrow. But NBC News doesn't think Leno will stay off TV for long, and offers up seven likely gigs. Among them: variety specials at NBC, an interview show at CNN, a car show on the History Channel or the Discovery Channel, or even a current events show (think a somewhat conservative answer to the Daily Show) on Fox News. On tonight's show: Billy Crystal, Leno's first Tonight guest from back in 1992, and Garth Brooks, the New York Times reports.
Original Summary: Jay Leno is hosting his last episode of The Tonight Show tonight, with a tearful tribute from Sandra Bullock and a farewell message from Leno himself. Leno has ruled out another late-night TV show and will return to his stand-up comedy roots, but NBC News has speculated on seven potential gigs he may take on in the future.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Jay Leno will host his last episode of the Tonight Show tonight. A roundup of the news swirling around his departure: Sandra Bullock appeared on last night's show, and offered a tearful tribute to Leno, according to the Hollywood Reporter. "You've always been so kind. That's saying a lot in this business, because we like to be mean," she said. "There's not been one time you haven't treated me like I had something to offer—even when the film was awful and you knew it." The Los Angeles Times talked to Leno recently, and he says he's "not unhappy" about leaving. Successor Jimmy Fallon is "really good," Leno says, adding that he even thinks Fallon is "closer to what Johnny [Carson] was when he started. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." As for what's next, Leno ruled out another late-night TV show. Instead: "I've always been a stand-up comedian that had a day job," he says. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "This [Tonight] is my day job. I've always been on the road every single weekend—and the week too—since I got this job. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. So I'm back on the road. We leave here (today)." His first show is tomorrow. But NBC News doesn't think Leno will stay off TV for long, and offers up seven likely gigs. Among them: variety specials at NBC, an interview show at CNN, a car show on the History Channel or the Discovery Channel, or even a current events show (think a somewhat conservative answer to the Daily Show) on Fox News. On tonight's show: Billy Crystal, Leno's first Tonight guest from back in 1992, and Garth Brooks, the New York Times reports.
Injected Summary: Jay Leno is hosting his last episode of The Tonight Show tonight, with a tearful tribute from Sandra Bullock and a farewell message from Leno himself. Leno has ruled out another late-night TV show and is looking forward to returning to stand-up comedy, while NBC News has speculated on seven potential gigs he may take on in the future.
Original Story: – When 19-year-old Deisi Ocampo's father handed her two $20 Illinois Lottery tickets last week, his wish was a simple "Happy birthday." Happy birthday, indeed. One of the two $100 Million Money Mania scratch cards was soon found to be worth $4 million. "It turned out to be the best birthday present ever!" Ocampo said Friday morning when presented with a check at a Chicago gas station, reports WLS-TV. Ocampo said she planned to spend the money to "buy a new house for my family and pursue my dream of completing my degree and becoming a nurse," reports the Telegraph, which runs down the far less lofty ambitions of teens who've hit the jackpot in the past. One teen who won the lottery in 2002 reportedly spent it all on parties, drugs, gifts, jewelry, houses, and bad investments, while the youngest teen to win the lottery in the UK, 16-year-old Callie Rogers, spent her 2003 winnings on drugs, cosmetic surgery, and parties and went on to attempt suicide multiple times. (A waitress who recently won $12 million in Minnesota's Hot Lotto says she loves her job and plans to keep it.)
Original Summary: Deisi Ocampo, a 19-year-old from Illinois, won $4 million on a $100 Million Money Mania scratch card given to her by her father as a birthday gift. Ocampo plans to use the money to buy a new house for her family and pursue her dream of becoming a nurse, while teens who have won the lottery in the past have spent their winnings on less responsible things like parties, drugs, and bad investments.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– When 19-year-old Deisi Ocampo's father handed her two $20 Illinois Lottery tickets last week, his wish was a simple "Happy birthday." Happy birthday, indeed. One of the two $100 Million Money Mania scratch cards was soon found to be worth $4 million. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "It turned out to be the best birthday present ever. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.!" Ocampo said Friday morning when presented with a check at a Chicago gas station, reports WLS-TV. Ocampo said she planned to spend the money to "buy a new house for my family and pursue my dream of completing my degree and becoming a nurse," reports the Telegraph, which runs down the far less lofty ambitions of teens who've hit the jackpot in the past. One teen who won the lottery in 2002 reportedly spent it all on parties, drugs, gifts, jewelry, houses, and bad investments, while the youngest teen to win the lottery in the UK, 16-year-old Callie Rogers, spent her 2003 winnings on drugs, cosmetic surgery, and parties and went on to attempt suicide multiple times. (A waitress who recently won $12 million in Minnesota's Hot Lotto says she loves her job and plans to keep it.)
Injected Summary: Deisi Ocampo, a 19-year-old from Illinois, won $4 million on a $100 Million Money Mania scratch card given to her by her father as a birthday present. Ocampo plans to use the money to buy a new house for her family and pursue her dream of becoming a nurse, while teens who have won the lottery in the past have spent their winnings on less responsible things like parties, drugs, and bad investments.
Original Story: – Olivia Carolee Culbreath, the 21-year-old arrested in a wrong-way crash in California that killed six people yesterday, had just had a baby late last month and was on a "girls' night out" when the horrific collision occurred around 4:40am Sunday in Diamond Bar, one of her friends tells the San Jose Mercury News. Two of the women who died, both 24, had been riding in her car, the Los Angeles Times reports; NBC Los Angeles says one of those women was Culbreath's sister. Culbreath is suspected of drunk driving; a witness at the scene spotted a 24-ounce "tall boy" beer can in the front seat of the Camaro she was driving. Witnesses estimate the Camaro's speed could have been more than 100mph when it hit a Ford Explorer head-on. The Explorer then hit a Ford Freestyle, whose driver suffered minor injuries; authorities are still working to determine which victims were in which car, but NBC LA says the other victims were a family of four. Culbreath is currently in critical condition in hospital lock-up and appeared to be sedated yesterday afternoon; authorities had not yet interviewed her. The other wrong-way crash early Sunday killed three University of South Florida students and one former student who were driving in a Hyundai Sonata in Tampa when it was hit by a Ford Expedition, the Orlando Sentinel reports. All of the Sonata passengers, members of the Sigma Beta Rho fraternity ranging in age from 20 to 22, were killed, as was the driver of the Expedition, WFTV reports.
Original Summary: A 21-year-old woman, Olivia Carolee Culbreath, was arrested after a wrong-way crash in California that killed six people, including two of her friends who were riding in her car. Culbreath was on a "girls night out" and had just had a baby, and witnesses reported seeing a beer can in the front seat of her car.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Olivia Carolee Culbreath, the 21-year-old arrested in a wrong-way crash in California that killed six people yesterday, had just had a baby late last month and was on a "girls' night out" when the horrific collision occurred around 4:40am Sunday in Diamond Bar, one of her friends tells the San Jose Mercury News. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Two of the women who died, both 24, had been riding in her car, the Los Angeles Times reports; NBC Los Angeles says one of those women was Culbreath's sister. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Culbreath is suspected of drunk driving; a witness at the scene spotted a 24-ounce "tall boy" beer can in the front seat of the Camaro she was driving. Witnesses estimate the Camaro's speed could have been more than 100mph when it hit a Ford Explorer head-on. The Explorer then hit a Ford Freestyle, whose driver suffered minor injuries; authorities are still working to determine which victims were in which car, but NBC LA says the other victims were a family of four. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Culbreath is currently in critical condition in hospital lock-up and appeared to be sedated yesterday afternoon; authorities had not yet interviewed her. The other wrong-way crash early Sunday killed three University of South Florida students and one former student who were driving in a Hyundai Sonata in Tampa when it was hit by a Ford Expedition, the Orlando Sentinel reports. All of the Sonata passengers, members of the Sigma Beta Rho fraternity ranging in age from 20 to 22, were killed, as was the driver of the Expedition, WFTV reports. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: A 21-year-old woman, Olivia Carolee Culbreath, was arrested after causing a wrong-way crash in California that killed six people, including two of her friends, while she was on a "girls night out" after recently giving birth. The crash occurred when Culbreath's car collided with a Ford Explorer and another vehicle, and witnesses reported seeing a beer can in the front seat.
Original Story: – After disclosing that he was reconsidering the move, Mark Zuckerberg has completely dropped lawsuits intended to force Hawaiian locals to sell him land. Zuckerberg bought a 700-acre property on Kauai for $100 million in 2014 and had been using a process called "quiet title" to try to acquire "kuleana lands," within the property which gave their owners access rights. "We are dropping our quiet title actions and will work together with the community on a new approach," the Facebook CEO writes in Kauai's Garden Island newspaper. "We understand that for native Hawaiians, kuleana are sacred and the quiet title process can be difficult. We want to make this right, talk with the community, and find a better approach." The lawsuits filed last month involve 14 small parcels of land, the Honolulu Star Advertiser reports. Zuckerberg says his land purchase prevents the property being split into 80 lots by a commercial developer, but admits that he didn't "take the time to fully understand the quiet title process and its history" before proceeding with legal action. "Now that I understand the issues better, it's clear we made a mistake," he writes. "The right path is to sit down and discuss how to best move forward. We will continue to speak with community leaders that represent different groups, including native Hawaiians and environmentalists, to find the best path."
Original Summary: Mark Zuckerberg has dropped lawsuits aimed at forcing Hawaiian landowners to sell him land on Kauai after realizing the process was controversial and disrespectful to native Hawaiians. He now plans to work with the community to find a new approach to acquiring land, acknowledging that the quiet title process is sacred and has a complex history.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– After disclosing that he was reconsidering the move, Mark Zuckerberg has completely dropped lawsuits intended to force Hawaiian locals to sell him land. Zuckerberg bought a 700-acre property on Kauai for $100 million in 2014 and had been using a process called "quiet title" to try to acquire "kuleana lands," within the property which gave their owners access rights. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "We are dropping our quiet title actions and will work together with the community on a new approach," the Facebook CEO writes in Kauai's Garden Island newspaper. "We understand that for native Hawaiians, kuleana are sacred and the quiet title process can be difficult. We want to make this right, talk with the community, and find a better approach." The lawsuits filed last month involve 14 small parcels of land, the Honolulu Star Advertiser reports. Zuckerberg says his land purchase prevents the property being split into 80 lots by a commercial developer, but admits that he didn't "take the time to fully understand the quiet title process and its history" before proceeding with legal action. "Now that I understand the issues better, it's clear we made a mistake," he writes. "The right path is to sit down and discuss how to best move forward. We will continue to speak with community leaders that represent different groups, including native Hawaiians and environmentalists, to find the best path. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators."
Injected Summary: Mark Zuckerberg has dropped lawsuits aimed at forcing Hawaiian landowners to sell him land on the island of Kauai after realizing the process was controversial and disrespectful to native Hawaiians. He plans to work with the community to find a new approach to acquiring land, acknowledging that the quiet title process is sacred and difficult for native Hawaiians.
Original Story: – There's going to be a lot of squinting Americans in passport photos starting next month: The State Department says that as of Nov. 1, eyeglasses will be banned in photos for passports and visa applications unless the photos come with a doctor's note saying the glasses are a "medical necessity during urgent travel," the New York Daily News reports. CNN reports that the State Department says the move will "eliminate glares and shadows” that can slow down passport processing. Last year, 200,000 passport applicants, roughly 1% of the total, turned in "poor quality or otherwise non-compliant photos," the department says. (This is the world's most powerful passport.)
Original Summary: Starting next month, Americans will no longer be able to wear eyeglasses in passport photos unless they provide a doctor's note stating that the glasses are a medical necessity for urgent travel. The State Department made this change to eliminate glares and shadows that can slow down passport processing, as 200,000 passport applicants last year submitted poor quality or non-compliant photos.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– There's going to be a lot of squinting Americans in passport photos starting next month: The State Department says that as of Nov. 1, eyeglasses will be banned in photos for passports and visa applications unless the photos come with a doctor's note saying the glasses are a "medical necessity during urgent travel," the New York Daily News reports. CNN reports that the State Department says the move will "eliminate glares and shadows” that can slow down passport processing. Last year, 200,000 passport applicants, roughly 1% of the total, turned in "poor quality or otherwise non-compliant photos," the department says. (This is the world's most powerful passport.). Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.
Injected Summary: Starting next month, Americans will no longer be able to wear eyeglasses in passport photos unless they provide a doctor's note stating that the glasses are a medical necessity for urgent travel. This move is expected to eliminate glares and shadows that can slow down passport processing, as 200,000 passport applicants last year had poor quality or non-compliant photos.
Original Story: – In what the Los Angeles Times describes as a "rare" move, social workers have been charged with a crime following the death of a child. Gabriel Fernandez, 8, died in Palmdale in 2013 after his mother and her boyfriend allegedly tortured him—pepper spraying him, making him eat his vomit, stuffing a sock in his mouth and trapping him in a cabinet, and eventually allegedly beating him to death with a wooden club. Several agencies had looked into abuse claims at Gabriel's home in the months before his death, but no one removed him from the home and his case was closed shortly before he died. Gabriel's mother and her boyfriend have been charged with murder and are awaiting trial. Prosecutors say the social workers knew Gabriel had a BB pellet in his chest, and had written a suicide note, but never sent him to get a mental health assessment or medical care. Stefanie Rodriguez, Patricia Clement, Kevin Bom, and Gregory Merritt have each been charged with child abuse and falsifying public records, felonies that carry a total possible prison sentence of 10 years, CBS LA reports. Rodriguez and Clement are charged with falsifying the reports so the escalating physical abuse Gabriel was suffering was not shown, and prosecutors say supervisors Bom and Merritt approved the reports when they should have known they were falsified, ABC 7 reports. "Social workers play a vital role in society. We entrust them to protect our children from harm," the DA says in a statement. "We believe these social workers were criminally negligent and performed their legal duties with willful disregard for Gabriel's well-being."
Original Summary: Social workers in Los Angeles have been charged with crimes following the death of an 8-year-old boy, Gabriel Fernandez, who died after being tortured and abused by his mother and her boyfriend. The social workers, Stefanie Rodriguez, Patricia Clement, Kevin Bom, and Gregory Merritt, are accused of failing to provide medical care or mental health assessments despite knowing that Gabriel had a BB pellet in his chest and had written a suicide note.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– In what the Los Angeles Times describes as a "rare" move, social workers have been charged with a crime following the death of a child. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Gabriel Fernandez, 8, died in Palmdale in 2013 after his mother and her boyfriend allegedly tortured him—pepper spraying him, making him eat his vomit, stuffing a sock in his mouth and trapping him in a cabinet, and eventually allegedly beating him to death with a wooden club. Several agencies had looked into abuse claims at Gabriel's home in the months before his death, but no one removed him from the home and his case was closed shortly before he died. Gabriel's mother and her boyfriend have been charged with murder and are awaiting trial. Prosecutors say the social workers knew Gabriel had a BB pellet in his chest, and had written a suicide note, but never sent him to get a mental health assessment or medical care. Stefanie Rodriguez, Patricia Clement, Kevin Bom, and Gregory Merritt have each been charged with child abuse and falsifying public records, felonies that carry a total possible prison sentence of 10 years, CBS LA reports. Rodriguez and Clement are charged with falsifying the reports so the escalating physical abuse Gabriel was suffering was not shown, and prosecutors say supervisors Bom and Merritt approved the reports when they should have known they were falsified, ABC 7 reports. "Social workers play a vital role in society. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. We entrust them to protect our children from harm," the DA says in a statement. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "We believe these social workers were criminally negligent and performed their legal duties with willful disregard for Gabriel's well-being. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis."
Injected Summary: Social workers in Los Angeles have been charged with crimes after an 8-year-old boy, Gabriel Fernandez, died in 2013 due to alleged torture and abuse by his mother and her boyfriend. The social workers are accused of failing to provide medical care or mental health assessments despite knowing that Gabriel had a BB pellet in his chest and had written a suicide note.
Original Story: – There are "strange going-ons"—in the words of the Archbishop of Dublin—at Ireland's major seminary, where trainee priests are being accused of using Grindr, the Telegraph reports. "An app like that is something which would be fostering promiscuous sexuality, which is certainly not in any way the mature vision of sexuality one would expect a priest to understand," the BBC quotes Archbishop Diarmuid Martin as saying. But priests-to-be using a gay hookup app is just one of the accusations being leveled at St. Patrick's College. According to the Irish Times, there are also reports of students at the seminary using the straight hookup app Tinder, former seminarians allege bullying and harassment, and college trustees say there is an "unhealthy atmosphere there." St. Patrick's has been tasked with reviewing its social media policies for trainee priests and figuring out ways to get its students to mingle with more women and families, something suggested by Pope Francis. In the meantime, Martin is sending prospective priests in Dublin to study in Rome instead of at St. Patrick's because of its alleged "atmosphere" and "gay culture."
Original Summary: There have been allegations of inappropriate behavior by trainee priests at Ireland's St. Patrick's College, including the use of Grindr and Tinder, as well as reports of bullying and harassment. The college has been tasked with reviewing its social media policies and finding ways to encourage interaction with more women and families, as suggested by Pope Francis.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– There are "strange going-ons"—in the words of the Archbishop of Dublin—at Ireland's major seminary, where trainee priests are being accused of using Grindr, the Telegraph reports. "An app like that is something which would be fostering promiscuous sexuality, which is certainly not in any way the mature vision of sexuality one would expect a priest to understand," the BBC quotes Archbishop Diarmuid Martin as saying. But priests-to-be using a gay hookup app is just one of the accusations being leveled at St. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Patrick's College. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. According to the Irish Times, there are also reports of students at the seminary using the straight hookup app Tinder, former seminarians allege bullying and harassment, and college trustees say there is an "unhealthy atmosphere there." St. Patrick's has been tasked with reviewing its social media policies for trainee priests and figuring out ways to get its students to mingle with more women and families, something suggested by Pope Francis. In the meantime, Martin is sending prospective priests in Dublin to study in Rome instead of at St. Patrick's because of its alleged "atmosphere" and "gay culture. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators."
Injected Summary: There have been reports of trainee priests at Ireland's St. Patrick's College using Grindr, a gay hookup app, and other students allegedly using Tinder. The college has been tasked with reviewing its social media policies and finding ways to encourage interaction with women and families, as suggested by Pope Francis, due to an "unhealthy atmosphere" and "gay culture" at the seminary.
Original Story: – Female sex workers' prices seem to be dropping, the Economist finds: A 12-country study of prostitute-review websites shows that an hour of sex today costs a customer about $260, whereas in 2006 it was $340. Why is that? First off, there's the financial crisis; cities affected the most, like Cleveland, have seen a particular drop in prices. Then there's migration, the magazine notes: When a city has an influx of migrant sex workers, prices drop. Supply has also probably increased as a result of the Internet, where prostitutes can advertise without revealing their identities. What's more, with premarital sex more accepted and casual meetings more common these days, there may be fewer men seeking out prostitutes. Despite the drop in prices, however, prostitutes may not be taking such a big hit, the Economist notes. The Internet has meant less need for brothels and pimps, allowing the workers themselves to take a higher percentage of the price. What's more, some cities are still seeing 2006-level prices: Boston prostitutes, for instance, charge some $370 an hour, Boston.com notes, via the Economist, while San Francisco prostitutes charge $360 and Seattle $350. (In Hawaii, cops were only recently banned from having sex with prostitutes.)
Original Summary: According to a 12-country study, the price of an hour of sex has decreased by 20% in the past decade, from $340 in 2006 to $260 today. The reasons for this decrease include the financial crisis, migration, and the rise of online advertising, which has increased the supply of sex workers and allowed them to take a higher percentage of the price.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Female sex workers' prices seem to be dropping, the Economist finds: A 12-country study of prostitute-review websites shows that an hour of sex today costs a customer about $260, whereas in 2006 it was $340. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Why is that? First off, there's the financial crisis; cities affected the most, like Cleveland, have seen a particular drop in prices. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Then there's migration, the magazine notes: When a city has an influx of migrant sex workers, prices drop. Supply has also probably increased as a result of the Internet, where prostitutes can advertise without revealing their identities. What's more, with premarital sex more accepted and casual meetings more common these days, there may be fewer men seeking out prostitutes. Despite the drop in prices, however, prostitutes may not be taking such a big hit, the Economist notes. The Internet has meant less need for brothels and pimps, allowing the workers themselves to take a higher percentage of the price. What's more, some cities are still seeing 2006-level prices: Boston prostitutes, for instance, charge some $370 an hour, Boston.com notes, via the Economist, while San Francisco prostitutes charge $360 and Seattle $350. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. (In Hawaii, cops were only recently banned from having sex with prostitutes.)
Injected Summary: The price of sex work has decreased in 12 countries, with an hour of sex costing $260 compared to $340 in 2006, according to a study of prostitute-review websites. Despite the drop in prices, prostitutes may not be significantly affected as the internet has allowed them to take a higher percentage of the price and some cities, such as Boston, San Francisco, and Seattle, are still seeing 2006-level prices.
Original Story: – New Year's Eve went off with more of a blast than expected for thousands of Australians as a fireworks display went badly wrong. A barge carrying fireworks at Terrigal Beach, New South Wales, caught fire soon after the display began, causing fireworks to go off at random, some of them toward the beach where families were watching, the BBC reports. Around 5,000 people were evacuated from the beach. Two pyrotechnicians that jumped off the barge and swam to safety were shaken but uninjured, and there were no audience injuries reported, authorities say. Witnesses say there was "absolute chaos" as large amounts of fireworks suddenly started going off. Authorities suspect a "domino effect" was triggered when one firework exploded inside its canister. David Lambert, a local businessman who led a crowdfunding campaign to bring the display back to Terrigal after an absence of several years, says he will try again this year despite the mishap. He says he asked company Ka-Boom Fireworks to deliver the "best fireworks on the coast" and they promised to make them "really good." "I was sitting right in front of the fireworks with my grandkids and my children and it was the most amazing fireworks I'd ever seen," he tells the Sydney Morning Herald. "I went 'bloody hell, this is a winner,'" he says. "It wasn't supposed to be that good, I don't think."
Original Summary: During a New Year's Eve fireworks display at Terrigal Beach in New South Wales, a barge carrying the fireworks caught fire and caused chaos as fireworks went off randomly, including some towards the beach where families were watching. Despite the mishap, the organizer, David Lambert, has vowed to try again this year after the display was brought back to the area after an absence of several years.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– New Year's Eve went off with more of a blast than expected for thousands of Australians as a fireworks display went badly wrong. A barge carrying fireworks at Terrigal Beach, New South Wales, caught fire soon after the display began, causing fireworks to go off at random, some of them toward the beach where families were watching, the BBC reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Around 5,000 people were evacuated from the beach. Two pyrotechnicians that jumped off the barge and swam to safety were shaken but uninjured, and there were no audience injuries reported, authorities say. Witnesses say there was "absolute chaos" as large amounts of fireworks suddenly started going off. Authorities suspect a "domino effect" was triggered when one firework exploded inside its canister. David Lambert, a local businessman who led a crowdfunding campaign to bring the display back to Terrigal after an absence of several years, says he will try again this year despite the mishap. He says he asked company Ka-Boom Fireworks to deliver the "best fireworks on the coast" and they promised to make them "really good." "I was sitting right in front of the fireworks with my grandkids and my children and it was the most amazing fireworks I'd ever seen," he tells the Sydney Morning Herald. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "I went 'bloody hell, this is a winner,'" he says. "It wasn't supposed to be that good, I don't think. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators."
Injected Summary: A fireworks display at Terrigal Beach in New South Wales, Australia went wrong when a barge carrying fireworks caught fire, causing random fireworks to explode towards the beach where families were watching. Despite the mishap, the event organizer, David Lambert, plans to try again this year after being impressed by the display, which he described as the "best fireworks on the coast."
Original Story: – A sixth-grader in Austin, Texas, has turned a lemonade stand into a booming business now that she has expanded her reach to multiple states through a deal with Whole Foods, reports Time. Mikaila Ulmer's secret recipe for BeeSweet Lemonade comes from her great-grandmother, and contains flax seed and honey as the sweetener. Things really got going last year when she was just 9 and took the locally popular lemonade to ABC's Shark Tank and earned a $60,000 investment. The Whole Foods deal gets her lemonade on the shelves at 55 Whole Foods in states including Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Louisiana, and Florida, reports NBC News. Mikaila's lemonade isn't just tasty. After being stung by bees twice in a week at the age of 4, she "was terrified" of the insect but soon developed a fascination of them, and has decided to use local honey in her lemonade—and direct some of the proceeds to help the dwindling bee population. Her success even earned her a spot at at the White House Kids' State Dinner last summer, reports CNBC, and she announced earlier this month, while being honored with other black innovators at the South by Southwest Festival, that she's expanded distribution even further thanks to a deal with United Natural Foods, reports Atlanta Blackstar. She says she works on her business after she finishes her homework and on weekends and holidays. (See why the government forced this girl to shut down her stand.)
Original Summary: Mikaila Ulmer, a 12-year-old from Austin, Texas, has turned her lemonade stand into a successful business by expanding her reach to multiple states through deals with Whole Foods and United Natural Foods. Her secret recipe, which contains flax seed and honey as sweeteners, has earned her recognition and investments from Shark Tank and the White House, and she now donates some of her proceeds to help the dwindling bee population.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A sixth-grader in Austin, Texas, has turned a lemonade stand into a booming business now that she has expanded her reach to multiple states through a deal with Whole Foods, reports Time. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Mikaila Ulmer's secret recipe for BeeSweet Lemonade comes from her great-grandmother, and contains flax seed and honey as the sweetener. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Things really got going last year when she was just 9 and took the locally popular lemonade to ABC's Shark Tank and earned a $60,000 investment. The Whole Foods deal gets her lemonade on the shelves at 55 Whole Foods in states including Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Louisiana, and Florida, reports NBC News. Mikaila's lemonade isn't just tasty. After being stung by bees twice in a week at the age of 4, she "was terrified" of the insect but soon developed a fascination of them, and has decided to use local honey in her lemonade—and direct some of the proceeds to help the dwindling bee population. Her success even earned her a spot at at the White House Kids' State Dinner last summer, reports CNBC, and she announced earlier this month, while being honored with other black innovators at the South by Southwest Festival, that she's expanded distribution even further thanks to a deal with United Natural Foods, reports Atlanta Blackstar. She says she works on her business after she finishes her homework and on weekends and holidays. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. (See why the government forced this girl to shut down her stand.)
Injected Summary: Mikaila Ulmer, a 12-year-old from Austin, Texas, has turned her lemonade stand into a successful business by expanding her reach to multiple states through deals with Whole Foods and United Natural Foods. She has also used her platform to raise awareness about the declining bee population and donates some of her proceeds to help protect these important pollinators.
Original Story: – A member of the "9/11 truther" movement took over the microphone at a Super Bowl postgame interview last night, albeit briefly, Mediaite reports. As game MVP Malcolm Smith was being interviewed, the man got in a few words: "Investigate 9/11. 9/11 was perpetrated by people within our own government." As the man was ushered out, Smith suggested his press pass be checked. The man, since identified as Brooklynite Matthew Mills, 30, did have a pass on his neck, NJ.com notes, but it wasn't a Super Bowl one. The independent journalist tells the site that it was from a festival he'd written about. Mills says he originally just wanted to get near the game in order to conduct fan interviews, but when he saw an employee bus, he got aboard. When checked multiple times by security, "I just said I was running late for work and I had to get in there," he says. "I just saw my opportunity to get my word out there and I took it." Deadspin recently reported that Seattle Seahawks coach Pete Carroll has also raised questions about what happened during the attacks.
Original Summary: A man identified as Matthew Mills, a member of the "9/11 truther" movement, briefly took over a Super Bowl postgame interview with game MVP Malcolm Smith, stating "Investigate 9/11. 9/11 was perpetrated by people within our own government." Mills, who had a press pass on his neck, was ushered out of the area, but he claimed it was from a different festival he had written about.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A member of the "9/11 truther" movement took over the microphone at a Super Bowl postgame interview last night, albeit briefly, Mediaite reports. As game MVP Malcolm Smith was being interviewed, the man got in a few words: "Investigate 9/11. 9/11 was perpetrated by people within our own government. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." As the man was ushered out, Smith suggested his press pass be checked. The man, since identified as Brooklynite Matthew Mills, 30, did have a pass on his neck, NJ.com notes, but it wasn't a Super Bowl one. The independent journalist tells the site that it was from a festival he'd written about. Mills says he originally just wanted to get near the game in order to conduct fan interviews, but when he saw an employee bus, he got aboard. When checked multiple times by security, "I just said I was running late for work and I had to get in there," he says. "I just saw my opportunity to get my word out there and I took it." Deadspin recently reported that Seattle Seahawks coach Pete Carroll has also raised questions about what happened during the attacks. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: A man identified as Matthew Mills, 30, disrupted a Super Bowl postgame interview with game MVP Malcolm Smith by briefly taking over the microphone and making statements about the 9/11 attacks, including the claim that they were perpetrated by people within the government. Mills, who had a press pass on his neck, was ushered out of the area, but he claimed he was just trying to get near the game to conduct fan interviews.
Original Story: – Warning: This story is not for the squeamish. We mean it. New York Magazine has a fascinating—if occasionally far too descriptive—profile on Dr. Sandra Lee, better known among so-called "popaholics" on the Internet as Dr. Pimple Popper. Lee, an otherwise typical Southern California dermatologist, accidentally stumbled upon a culture of people who enjoy watching pimples, blackheads, and other fluid-filled things pop when she started an Instagram account two years ago. Now, thanks to her dedicated popaholics, she's topping 900,000 followers on Instagram and 850,000 subscribers on YouTube. Lee says her viewers get satisfaction out of the unpredictable payoff of a good pop. "It’s like gambling,” she says. “You never know when you’re going to hit a big one.” So what compels nearly 7 million people to watch Lee remove a whole mess of blackheads from an 80-year-old man's nose? "Some fans reported that their mouths inexplicably watered when they saw a particularly juicy pop; others claimed that they found the videos so soothing that they used them as a sleep aid," New York Magazine explains. Whatever the reasons, it's become a lucrative side gig for Lee. She's selling Dr. Pimple Popper merchandise and could potentially make hundreds of thousands off her YouTube page this year. Lee is even starting to cater to the "hardcore" popaholics, moving beyond pimples to "cysts, abscesses, and fatty tumors." Though there is one part of the extraction experience she'll never be able to replicate for them: the "pungent cheese" smell. Read the full story here, if your stomach can handle it.
Original Summary: Dr. Sandra Lee, a dermatologist from Southern California, has gained a large following on Instagram and YouTube for her pimple-popping videos, with over 900,000 followers and 850,000 subscribers. Her viewers find satisfaction in the unpredictable payoff of a good pop, comparing it to gambling.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Warning: This story is not for the squeamish. We mean it. New York Magazine has a fascinating—if occasionally far too descriptive—profile on Dr. Sandra Lee, better known among so-called "popaholics" on the Internet as Dr. Pimple Popper. Lee, an otherwise typical Southern California dermatologist, accidentally stumbled upon a culture of people who enjoy watching pimples, blackheads, and other fluid-filled things pop when she started an Instagram account two years ago. Now, thanks to her dedicated popaholics, she's topping 900,000 followers on Instagram and 850,000 subscribers on YouTube. Lee says her viewers get satisfaction out of the unpredictable payoff of a good pop. "It’s like gambling,” she says. “You never know when you’re going to hit a big one. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.” So what compels nearly 7 million people to watch Lee remove a whole mess of blackheads from an 80-year-old man's nose? "Some fans reported that their mouths inexplicably watered when they saw a particularly juicy pop; others claimed that they found the videos so soothing that they used them as a sleep aid," New York Magazine explains. Whatever the reasons, it's become a lucrative side gig for Lee. She's selling Dr. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Pimple Popper merchandise and could potentially make hundreds of thousands off her YouTube page this year. Lee is even starting to cater to the "hardcore" popaholics, moving beyond pimples to "cysts, abscesses, and fatty tumors. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." Though there is one part of the extraction experience she'll never be able to replicate for them: the "pungent cheese" smell. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. Read the full story here, if your stomach can handle it.
Injected Summary: Dr. Sandra Lee, a dermatologist, has gained a large following on Instagram and YouTube for her videos of pimple and blackhead extractions. Her viewers find satisfaction in the unpredictable payoff of a good pop, and the videos have become a lucrative side gig for her, with the potential to make hundreds of thousands of dollars this year.
Original Story: – The family of a 23-year-old Chinese woman says she was electrocuted when she answered her charging iPhone. The story has prompted an investigation into the death by Apple as it makes waves on Chinese social media, the Wall Street Journal reports. A local official says Ma Ailun's "neck had an obvious electronic injury." But it's not certain whether the phone, charger, or neither are to blame; nor is it clear which model iPhone she was using. Uncertified chargers are widespread in China, according to the China Consumers' Association, which says they can make a phone a "pocket grenade." Fortune doubts the phone is to blame, citing a range of other electrocution risks via China's Yahoo site, including frayed wires. The woman left the bathtub to answer the phone, which could have lowered her resistance to electrocution, the Atlantic Wire notes. But "the likelihood of electrocution by iPhone is very, very low. It takes a lot of very particular circumstances that unfortunately transpired for Ma Ailun, which probably is why this is the first news report of this ever happening," writes Rebecca Greenfield.
Original Summary: A 23-year-old Chinese woman, Ma Ailun, died after being electrocuted while charging her iPhone. An investigation by Apple and local authorities is underway to determine whether the phone, charger, or both are to blame, but uncertified chargers are common in China and can make a phone a "pocket grenade."
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The family of a 23-year-old Chinese woman says she was electrocuted when she answered her charging iPhone. The story has prompted an investigation into the death by Apple as it makes waves on Chinese social media, the Wall Street Journal reports. A local official says Ma Ailun's "neck had an obvious electronic injury." But it's not certain whether the phone, charger, or neither are to blame; nor is it clear which model iPhone she was using. Uncertified chargers are widespread in China, according to the China Consumers' Association, which says they can make a phone a "pocket grenade." Fortune doubts the phone is to blame, citing a range of other electrocution risks via China's Yahoo site, including frayed wires. The woman left the bathtub to answer the phone, which could have lowered her resistance to electrocution, the Atlantic Wire notes. But "the likelihood of electrocution by iPhone is very, very low. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. It takes a lot of very particular circumstances that unfortunately transpired for Ma Ailun, which probably is why this is the first news report of this ever happening," writes Rebecca Greenfield.
Injected Summary: A 23-year-old Chinese woman died after being electrocuted while charging her iPhone, prompting an investigation by Apple and raising concerns about the use of uncertified chargers in China. The cause of death is unclear, with some sources suggesting that the phone, charger, or a combination of both may have been responsible, while others doubt that the phone itself was to blame.
Original Story: – After the Titanic hit an iceberg on April 14, 1912, the Mackay-Bennett was dispatched from Halifax to the scene to recover bodies; it pulled 306 corpses from the water, and ended up carrying 190 of them back to Canada. But according the the ship's logs, it also brought something else home: six or seven deckchairs it found in the Atlantic. One of those chairs, described by auctioneer Andrew Aldridge as "one of the rarest types of Titanic collectible," has just sold to an unnamed UK collector for roughly $150,000. The Press Association traces the chair from the first-class promenade deck to Captain Julien Lemarteleur to a Titanic collector who owned it for the past 15 years; he says he never sat on it. Auction house Henry Aldridge and Son did better than expected: The chair was estimated to sell for no more than $120,000. In a pre-sale press release, the auction house noted that the chair is "one of only a handful of fully provenanced and documented examples in existence."
Original Summary: The Mackay-Bennett recovered 306 Titanic corpses from the Atlantic and brought back six or seven deckchairs, one of which just sold for $150,000 to an unnamed UK collector. The deckchair, described as a rare and fully provenanced item, was traced from the first-class promenade deck to its current owner, who never sat on it.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– After the Titanic hit an iceberg on April 14, 1912, the Mackay-Bennett was dispatched from Halifax to the scene to recover bodies; it pulled 306 corpses from the water, and ended up carrying 190 of them back to Canada. But according the the ship's logs, it also brought something else home: six or seven deckchairs it found in the Atlantic. One of those chairs, described by auctioneer Andrew Aldridge as "one of the rarest types of Titanic collectible," has just sold to an unnamed UK collector for roughly $150,000. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The Press Association traces the chair from the first-class promenade deck to Captain Julien Lemarteleur to a Titanic collector who owned it for the past 15 years; he says he never sat on it. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Auction house Henry Aldridge and Son did better than expected: The chair was estimated to sell for no more than $120,000. In a pre-sale press release, the auction house noted that the chair is "one of only a handful of fully provenanced and documented examples in existence."
Injected Summary: The Mackay-Bennett recovered 306 bodies from the Titanic and brought back 190 of them to Canada, including a rare first-class deckchair that sold for $150,000 to an unnamed UK collector. The deckchair, which was found on the first-class promenade deck, has a documented history from Captain Julien Lemarteleur to a collector who owned it for 15 years without sitting on it, and is one of only a few fully provenanced examples in existence.
Original Story: – A huge fight erupted at a New Jersey wedding this weekend, with 300 guests involved in the tussle as police struggled to control the situation. The wedding-hall brawl, which, unsurprisingly, involved booze, began around 10:30pm on Sunday, more than seven hours into the event, the Asbury Park Press reports. It started with a simple fight; a pair of off-duty cops handling security tried to step in, but the fight just got bigger as some 80 people joined in, MyFoxNY reports. Before the police, having called in additional law enforcement, finally got a handle on things, hundreds of people were shouting and pushing each other. Eventually, officers from several nearby communities took on the crowd; authorities spent 45 minutes getting people out of the venue in Middletown, NJ. Two people, a 32-year-old man and a 23-year-old woman, were arrested and both charged with disorderly conduct. (At another crazy wedding this month, this one in Missouri, the groom found himself chasing down a wedding gift thief.)
Original Summary: A massive brawl broke out at a New Jersey wedding on Sunday night, involving over 300 guests and resulting in the arrest of two people. The fight started with a simple altercation but quickly escalated as more people joined in, with police ultimately requiring 45 minutes to restore order and remove the crowd from the venue.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A huge fight erupted at a New Jersey wedding this weekend, with 300 guests involved in the tussle as police struggled to control the situation. The wedding-hall brawl, which, unsurprisingly, involved booze, began around 10:30pm on Sunday, more than seven hours into the event, the Asbury Park Press reports. It started with a simple fight; a pair of off-duty cops handling security tried to step in, but the fight just got bigger as some 80 people joined in, MyFoxNY reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Before the police, having called in additional law enforcement, finally got a handle on things, hundreds of people were shouting and pushing each other. Eventually, officers from several nearby communities took on the crowd; authorities spent 45 minutes getting people out of the venue in Middletown, NJ. Two people, a 32-year-old man and a 23-year-old woman, were arrested and both charged with disorderly conduct. (At another crazy wedding this month, this one in Missouri, the groom found himself chasing down a wedding gift thief. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.)
Injected Summary: A massive brawl broke out at a New Jersey wedding on Sunday night, involving over 300 guests and resulting in the arrest of two people. The fight started with a simple altercation but quickly escalated as more people joined in, with police ultimately requiring 45 minutes to restore order.
Original Story: – A Black Lives Matter protester locked horns with Donald Trump during a campaign rally in Birmingham, Ala., on Saturday, and neither one of them emerged very happy from the encounter, reports the Washington Post. Mercutio Southall Jr., who the Post describes as a well-known activist and the founder of the Birmingham chapter of Black Lives Matter, began chanting at a Trump rally, prompting Trump to tell security to "Get him the hell out of here, will you, please?" A scuffle apparently ensued as security moved to remove Southall, cell phone video was recorded, and Southall emerged saying that he had been roughed up considerably as well as been called racial slurs. A woman in the video shouts repeatedly, "don't choke him!" "I got punched in the face, I got punched in the neck. I got kicked in the chest. Kicked in the stomach. Somebody stepped on my hand," Southall tells CNN. A Trump rep on Saturday said "the campaign does not condone this behavior," but Trump himself appeared less apologetic in comments Sunday, per CNN. Southall "was so obnoxious and so loud, he was screaming. I had 10,000 people in the room yesterday, 10,000 people, and this guy started screaming by himself and they—I don't know, rough up, he should have been—maybe he should have been roughed up because it was absolutely disgusting what he was doing," Trump said. Southall, for his part, says he intends to press charges.
Original Summary: During a Donald Trump campaign rally in Birmingham, Alabama, a Black Lives Matter protester named Mercutio Southall Jr. was removed by security after chanting at the event. Southall alleges that he was roughed up and called racial slurs by security, while Trump appeared less apologetic in his comments, suggesting that Southall should have been "roughed up" for disrupting the rally.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A Black Lives Matter protester locked horns with Donald Trump during a campaign rally in Birmingham, Ala. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves., on Saturday, and neither one of them emerged very happy from the encounter, reports the Washington Post. Mercutio Southall Jr., who the Post describes as a well-known activist and the founder of the Birmingham chapter of Black Lives Matter, began chanting at a Trump rally, prompting Trump to tell security to "Get him the hell out of here, will you, please?" A scuffle apparently ensued as security moved to remove Southall, cell phone video was recorded, and Southall emerged saying that he had been roughed up considerably as well as been called racial slurs. A woman in the video shouts repeatedly, "don't choke him!" "I got punched in the face, I got punched in the neck. I got kicked in the chest. Kicked in the stomach. Somebody stepped on my hand," Southall tells CNN. A Trump rep on Saturday said "the campaign does not condone this behavior," but Trump himself appeared less apologetic in comments Sunday, per CNN. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Southall "was so obnoxious and so loud, he was screaming. I had 10,000 people in the room yesterday, 10,000 people, and this guy started screaming by himself and they—I don't know, rough up, he should have been—maybe he should have been roughed up because it was absolutely disgusting what he was doing," Trump said. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Southall, for his part, says he intends to press charges.
Injected Summary: A Black Lives Matter protester, Mercutio Southall Jr., was removed from a Donald Trump rally in Birmingham, Alabama after chanting at the event. Southall reportedly suffered physical abuse and racial slurs during the altercation, while Trump appeared less apologetic in his comments following the incident.
Original Story: – Nate Silver at FiveThirtyEight has gone over the latest polls, and he's not sure whether they are terrible news for Hillary Clinton or merely bad. One "scary result" for Clinton is a poll that shows Donald Trump with a 5-point lead in Ohio, he writes, though others show little change despite Clinton's recent setbacks. But what "the commentariat has been slow to recognize," he writes, is how much the race has already swung toward Trump in recent weeks, with Clinton's lead shrinking from around 8 points to 3. Silver now gives Trump a 37.3% chance of winning, based on polls. Those are the best odds he has given the Republican since July. In other coverage: Business Insider notes that while Silver's model still predicts that Clinton will win the popular vote, the electoral math has tightened, with swing states Florida, North Carolina, Iowa, and Ohio all now on course to vote for Trump. Politico reports that Trump is still avoiding mentions of Clinton's health, though he did come close at a raucous rally in Canton, Ohio, on Wednesday night, where he repeatedly strayed from his teleprompter script. "It is hot, and it is always hot when I perform, because the crowds are so big, these rooms were not designed for this kind of crowd," he said. "I don't know, folks, do you think Hillary could stand up here for an hour?" The AP reports that Clinton will return to the campaign trail Thursday with a campaign event in Greensboro, NC, and a speech to a Hispanic group. A letter from her doctor declaring her "healthy and fit to serve as president" was released Wednesday. Trump unveiled results of a physical in a Dr. Oz taping on Wednesday and his campaign offered new details on Melania Trump's immigration status. The Washington Post looks at why he can still be considered the "least transparent major presidential nominee in modern history." NBC News reports that Clinton ally David Brock has created a WikiLeaks-style site in an effort to dig up some dirt on Trump. His TrumpLeaks site says it's willing to pay for legally obtained audio or video of the candidate. Trump is scheduled to make a major economic policy speech in New York on Thursday, where he's expected to set out a new tax reform plan, the Guardian reports.
Original Summary: Nate Silver of FiveThirtyEight has analyzed the latest polls and found that while Hillary Clinton's lead has shrunk, the race has already swung in favor of Donald Trump in recent weeks. Silver now gives Trump a 37.3% chance of winning, his best odds since July.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Nate Silver at FiveThirtyEight has gone over the latest polls, and he's not sure whether they are terrible news for Hillary Clinton or merely bad. One "scary result" for Clinton is a poll that shows Donald Trump with a 5-point lead in Ohio, he writes, though others show little change despite Clinton's recent setbacks. But what "the commentariat has been slow to recognize," he writes, is how much the race has already swung toward Trump in recent weeks, with Clinton's lead shrinking from around 8 points to 3. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Silver now gives Trump a 37.3% chance of winning, based on polls. Those are the best odds he has given the Republican since July. In other coverage: Business Insider notes that while Silver's model still predicts that Clinton will win the popular vote, the electoral math has tightened, with swing states Florida, North Carolina, Iowa, and Ohio all now on course to vote for Trump. Politico reports that Trump is still avoiding mentions of Clinton's health, though he did come close at a raucous rally in Canton, Ohio, on Wednesday night, where he repeatedly strayed from his teleprompter script. "It is hot, and it is always hot when I perform, because the crowds are so big, these rooms were not designed for this kind of crowd," he said. "I don't know, folks, do you think Hillary could stand up here for an hour?" The AP reports that Clinton will return to the campaign trail Thursday with a campaign event in Greensboro, NC, and a speech to a Hispanic group. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. A letter from her doctor declaring her "healthy and fit to serve as president" was released Wednesday. Trump unveiled results of a physical in a Dr. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Oz taping on Wednesday and his campaign offered new details on Melania Trump's immigration status. The Washington Post looks at why he can still be considered the "least transparent major presidential nominee in modern history. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis." NBC News reports that Clinton ally David Brock has created a WikiLeaks-style site in an effort to dig up some dirt on Trump. His TrumpLeaks site says it's willing to pay for legally obtained audio or video of the candidate. Trump is scheduled to make a major economic policy speech in New York on Thursday, where he's expected to set out a new tax reform plan, the Guardian reports.
Injected Summary: Nate Silver at FiveThirtyEight has analyzed the latest polls and found that while Hillary Clinton's lead has shrunk, Donald Trump's odds of winning have improved, with Silver now giving him a 37.3% chance of winning based on polls. Meanwhile, Trump is continuing to campaign and has unveiled new details about his physical and Melania's immigration status, while Clinton is set to return to the campaign trail and has released a letter from her doctor declaring her healthy and fit to serve as president.
Original Story: – The man expected to be charged in the Kalamazoo shooting spree that has so far claimed six lives and injured eight people was an Uber driver who was giving rides to customers in between opening fire on three separate locations, reports WOOD-TV. Uber confirmed that suspect Jason Dalton worked as a driver for the ride-sharing company, and had passed a background check; Dalton had no previous criminal record. "We are reaching out to the police to help with their investigation in any way that we can," the company said in a statement, adding that "we are horrified and heartbroken." Dalton reportedly dropped a group at a Fairfield Inn Marriott, right next-door to the Cracker Barrel where four women were killed and a 14-year-old girl was critically injured. A woman at the hotel heard about 10 shots and said she saw the suspect driving away at what the station calls "a normal rate of speed." Police are also investigating a Facebook post by a woman whose fiance rode with an Uber driver, "Jason," who was driving erratically prior to the shootings and sideswiped another vehicle. Meanwhile, notes the Washington Post, the incident in Kalamazoo was the nation's 42nd mass shooting of 2016.
Original Summary: Jason Dalton, an Uber driver, is expected to be charged in connection with a shooting spree in Kalamazoo that has claimed six lives and injured eight people. Uber confirmed that Dalton worked as a driver for the company and had passed a background check, but had no previous criminal record.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The man expected to be charged in the Kalamazoo shooting spree that has so far claimed six lives and injured eight people was an Uber driver who was giving rides to customers in between opening fire on three separate locations, reports WOOD-TV. Uber confirmed that suspect Jason Dalton worked as a driver for the ride-sharing company, and had passed a background check; Dalton had no previous criminal record. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "We are reaching out to the police to help with their investigation in any way that we can," the company said in a statement, adding that "we are horrified and heartbroken. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." Dalton reportedly dropped a group at a Fairfield Inn Marriott, right next-door to the Cracker Barrel where four women were killed and a 14-year-old girl was critically injured. A woman at the hotel heard about 10 shots and said she saw the suspect driving away at what the station calls "a normal rate of speed. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." Police are also investigating a Facebook post by a woman whose fiance rode with an Uber driver, "Jason," who was driving erratically prior to the shootings and sideswiped another vehicle. Meanwhile, notes the Washington Post, the incident in Kalamazoo was the nation's 42nd mass shooting of 2016.
Injected Summary: Jason Dalton, an Uber driver, is expected to be charged in connection with a shooting spree in Kalamazoo that killed six people and injured eight others. Dalton had no previous criminal record and had passed a background check with Uber.
Original Story: – Daredevil skyscraper climber "Spider Dan" Goodwin came out of retirement yesterday to scale a 58-story landmark in San Francisco yesterday. Goodwin, equipped only with suction cups, unfurled an American flag at the top of Millennium Tower before being being briefly detained by waiting police, CNN reports. The 54-year-old death-defier, who scaled the World Trade Center's north tower in 1983, said yesterday's climb was both to raise awareness of America's vulnerability to terrorist attacks and to inspire fellow cancer survivors. "He's got other things planned, but I can't get into that," his publicist tells the San Francisco Chronicle.
Original Summary: Skyscraper climber "Spider Dan" Goodwin, 54, scaled the 58-story Millennium Tower in San Francisco yesterday, equipped only with suction cups, and unfurled an American flag at the top before being detained by police. Goodwin, who has a history of death-defying climbs, including scaling the World Trade Center's north tower in 1983, said the climb was to raise awareness of America's vulnerability to terrorist attacks and to inspire fellow cancer survivors.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Daredevil skyscraper climber "Spider Dan" Goodwin came out of retirement yesterday to scale a 58-story landmark in San Francisco yesterday. Goodwin, equipped only with suction cups, unfurled an American flag at the top of Millennium Tower before being being briefly detained by waiting police, CNN reports. The 54-year-old death-defier, who scaled the World Trade Center's north tower in 1983, said yesterday's climb was both to raise awareness of America's vulnerability to terrorist attacks and to inspire fellow cancer survivors. "He's got other things planned, but I can't get into that," his publicist tells the San Francisco Chronicle. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.
Injected Summary: Spider Dan Goodwin, a daredevil skyscraper climber, scaled a 58-story landmark in San Francisco yesterday, equipped only with suction cups, to raise awareness of America's vulnerability to terrorist attacks and to inspire fellow cancer survivors. Goodwin, who previously climbed the World Trade Center's north tower in 1983, was briefly detained by police before reaching the top of the Millennium Tower.
Original Story: – For the first in almost two decades, water spilled from the top of Shasta Dam in California this week—another sign that the state's long drought is all but over. With Lake Shasta, California's largest reservoir, at 93% capacity, officials opened Shasta Dam's topmost gates one at a time on Wednesday, letting billions of gallons stream down its 602-foot facade over 15 minutes, per the Los Angeles Times. It was a test designed to see how the gates would perform should upcoming storms require their use; officials say they were in good working order despite last being opened in 1998, reports the Redding Record Searchlight. Though the dam's three gates and 12 valves allowed 523,600 gallons of water to spill out of the reservoir per second, a rep for the Bureau of Reclamation says almost as much water is coming into the reservoir. That's one reason some experts are saying California's five-year drought is over. Not only is the reservoir at 135% of its historical average for February, per the Times, but several areas of California were under flood warnings with record amounts of rainfall this week, reports ABC News. "I believe that the drought is over at this point," says a US Geological Survey hydrologist. But others are more cautious, and the state water board hasn't gone that far yet.
Original Summary: For the first time in nearly two decades, water spilled from the top of Shasta Dam in California this week, a sign that the state's long drought may be coming to an end. With Lake Shasta at 93% capacity, officials opened the dam's top gates to test their performance in preparation for potential storms, and while 523,600 gallons of water per second flowed out of the reservoir, the Bureau of Reclamation notes that almost as much water is coming into the reservoir, leading some experts to declare the drought over.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– For the first in almost two decades, water spilled from the top of Shasta Dam in California this week—another sign that the state's long drought is all but over. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. With Lake Shasta, California's largest reservoir, at 93% capacity, officials opened Shasta Dam's topmost gates one at a time on Wednesday, letting billions of gallons stream down its 602-foot facade over 15 minutes, per the Los Angeles Times. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. It was a test designed to see how the gates would perform should upcoming storms require their use; officials say they were in good working order despite last being opened in 1998, reports the Redding Record Searchlight. Though the dam's three gates and 12 valves allowed 523,600 gallons of water to spill out of the reservoir per second, a rep for the Bureau of Reclamation says almost as much water is coming into the reservoir. That's one reason some experts are saying California's five-year drought is over. Not only is the reservoir at 135% of its historical average for February, per the Times, but several areas of California were under flood warnings with record amounts of rainfall this week, reports ABC News. "I believe that the drought is over at this point," says a US Geological Survey hydrologist. But others are more cautious, and the state water board hasn't gone that far yet. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: Water spilled from the top of Shasta Dam in California for the first time in almost two decades, signaling that the state's long drought may be coming to an end. The dam's gates were opened for a test run, allowing billions of gallons of water to flow down the dam's facade, and the reservoir is now at 135% of its historical average for February, with several areas of the state experiencing record rainfall.
Original Story: – There exists a super PAC whose sole purpose is to convince Joe Biden to run for president, and it released its first ad Wednesday, the Huffington Post reports. "My Redemption" features 90 seconds of the VP's 2015 commencement address at Yale as images of him and his family scroll by; Biden tells the story of losing his wife and baby girl in a 1972 car crash. "The incredible bond I have with my children is the gift I’m not sure I would have had, had I not been through what I went through," he says. "But by focusing on my sons [Beau and Hunter survived the accident], I found my redemption." The ad, a six-figure buy that a Draft Biden spokesperson says will air nationally in all cable markets, ends with the simple text plea: "Joe, run." Should Biden decide to run (there's already a spot for him at the first Democratic debate), sources tell New York that Hillary Clinton will be ready. Pro-Clinton super PAC Correct the Record (which is coordinating with Clinton's campaign) is leading an opposition research effort, the sources say, digging up dirt from Biden's time in office. Among the things Clinton might use against him: Biden's links to Wall Street and his lack of enthusiasm for the Osama bin Laden raid. "Even implicitly, [Biden's] campaign’s argument would be 'I have integrity and you don’t,'" a Clinton ally tells the magazine. "If that’s the message, this could be messier than Obama-Clinton '08. ... [Biden] is older than [Clinton] is and just as conventional." (There's a rumor going around that Biden leaked his son's dying wish.)
Original Summary: A super PAC called Draft Biden is urging Joe Biden to run for president by releasing an ad featuring his 2015 commencement address at Yale, in which he shares the story of losing his wife and baby girl in a car crash and how it has given him a sense of redemption. The ad ends with a simple plea for Biden to run, and sources say that if he does, Hillary Clinton will be ready with opposition research, potentially using Biden's ties to Wall Street and lack of enthusiasm for the Osama bin Laden raid against him.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– There exists a super PAC whose sole purpose is to convince Joe Biden to run for president, and it released its first ad Wednesday, the Huffington Post reports. "My Redemption" features 90 seconds of the VP's 2015 commencement address at Yale as images of him and his family scroll by; Biden tells the story of losing his wife and baby girl in a 1972 car crash. "The incredible bond I have with my children is the gift I’m not sure I would have had, had I not been through what I went through," he says. "But by focusing on my sons [Beau and Hunter survived the accident], I found my redemption." The ad, a six-figure buy that a Draft Biden spokesperson says will air nationally in all cable markets, ends with the simple text plea: "Joe, run." Should Biden decide to run (there's already a spot for him at the first Democratic debate), sources tell New York that Hillary Clinton will be ready. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Pro-Clinton super PAC Correct the Record (which is coordinating with Clinton's campaign) is leading an opposition research effort, the sources say, digging up dirt from Biden's time in office. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Among the things Clinton might use against him: Biden's links to Wall Street and his lack of enthusiasm for the Osama bin Laden raid. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "Even implicitly, [Biden's] campaign’s argument would be 'I have integrity and you don’t,'" a Clinton ally tells the magazine. "If that’s the message, this could be messier than Obama-Clinton '08. . [Biden] is older than [Clinton] is and just as conventional." (There's a rumor going around that Biden leaked his son's dying wish.). After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: A super PAC is urging Joe Biden to run for president by releasing an ad featuring his 2015 commencement address at Yale, in which he shares his story of loss and redemption through his relationship with his children. The ad ends with a simple plea for Biden to run, and sources suggest that Hillary Clinton is preparing opposition research on Biden should he decide to enter the race.
Original Story: – New York Giants player AJ Francis says a TSA employee spilled his mother's ashes while performing a bag check on his checked luggage, ESPN reports. The defensive lineman called out the agency on Twitter Monday, posting a picture of ash-covered clothing along with a profanity-laced tweet that read in part, "next time you ... feel the need to go thru my mother’s ashes for no reason, make sure you close it back so her remains aren’t spilled on all my clothes." The TSA replied from its @AskTSA account, apologizing and noting, "Our officers are trained to handle your carry-on and checked property with care. Out of respect for the deceased, under no circumstances should the container be opened." Francis wasn't satisfied, continuing the unhappy tweets, though he noted he didn't want anyone fired—he just wants "TSA to be cognizant [of its] own internal idiocy." "I dont even care that they checked it... they were just being cautious, & I can understand that," he posted at one point. "But to not ensure that it won’t spill back into my bag after you put it back in is ... asinine & irresponsible." Twitter users expressed support and sympathy, with some sharing their own similar stories, though others wondered why he had checked the ashes rather than carrying them onto the plane. "To carry ashes on the plane you have to have a death certificate which is still being mailed to me... so do me a favor and shut ... up about things you don’t know," he replied to one such person, while also noting that the container of ashes was larger than 4oz. Finally, he said to another person asking, "I’m 6’5 330 and people know who I am and talk to me every single time I go to the airport and I didn’t want to talk to dozens of strangers about my mother’s death last week... is that good enough for you?"
Original Summary: AJ Francis, a New York Giants player, had his mother's ashes spilled by a TSA employee during a bag check. The TSA apologized, but Francis was unhappy with the lack of care and attention given to the ashes, expressing frustration on Twitter.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– New York Giants player AJ Francis says a TSA employee spilled his mother's ashes while performing a bag check on his checked luggage, ESPN reports. The defensive lineman called out the agency on Twitter Monday, posting a picture of ash-covered clothing along with a profanity-laced tweet that read in part, "next time you . feel the need to go thru my mother’s ashes for no reason, make sure you close it back so her remains aren’t spilled on all my clothes." The TSA replied from its @AskTSA account, apologizing and noting, "Our officers are trained to handle your carry-on and checked property with care. Out of respect for the deceased, under no circumstances should the container be opened." Francis wasn't satisfied, continuing the unhappy tweets, though he noted he didn't want anyone fired—he just wants "TSA to be cognizant [of its] own internal idiocy. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." "I dont even care that they checked it. they were just being cautious, & I can understand that," he posted at one point. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "But to not ensure that it won’t spill back into my bag after you put it back in is . asinine & irresponsible." Twitter users expressed support and sympathy, with some sharing their own similar stories, though others wondered why he had checked the ashes rather than carrying them onto the plane. "To carry ashes on the plane you have to have a death certificate which is still being mailed to me. so do me a favor and shut . up about things you don’t know," he replied to one such person, while also noting that the container of ashes was larger than 4oz. Finally, he said to another person asking, "I’m 6’5 330 and people know who I am and talk to me every single time I go to the airport and I didn’t want to talk to dozens of strangers about my mother’s death last week. is that good enough for you. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.?". After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: AJ Francis, a New York Giants player, had his mother's ashes spilled by a TSA employee during a bag check, causing his clothes to become ash-covered. The TSA apologized and stated that their officers are trained to handle carry-on and checked property with care, but Francis was not satisfied and expressed frustration that the container was not properly sealed after being opened.
Original Story: – Community has been saved: Yesterday, the last day the contracts for the stars of the show could legally be renewed, the series was picked up by ... none other than Yahoo. Yes, after NBC canceled the cult favorite, its sixth season will air online, the Wire reports. The 13-episode season will still feature Dan Harmon as showrunner, Vulture reports. The show's dedicated fans have been clamoring for "six seasons and a movie," and industry insiders say there's a chance—though nothing official—a feature film could happen in the future. Yahoo's chief marketing officer says she hopes to "build and extend and prolong" the series beyond the next season.
Original Summary: The cult favorite TV show "Community" has been saved by Yahoo after NBC canceled its sixth season. Yahoo has picked up the series for a 13-episode season, with Dan Harmon remaining as showrunner, and there is a possibility of a feature film in the future.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Community has been saved: Yesterday, the last day the contracts for the stars of the show could legally be renewed, the series was picked up by . none other than Yahoo. Yes, after NBC canceled the cult favorite, its sixth season will air online, the Wire reports. The 13-episode season will still feature Dan Harmon as showrunner, Vulture reports. The show's dedicated fans have been clamoring for "six seasons and a movie," and industry insiders say there's a chance—though nothing official—a feature film could happen in the future. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Yahoo's chief marketing officer says she hopes to "build and extend and prolong" the series beyond the next season.
Injected Summary: The cult favorite TV show "Community" has been saved by Yahoo after NBC canceled it, with a 13-episode sixth season set to air online. Yahoo's chief marketing officer hopes to extend the series beyond the next season, with a possibility of a feature film in the future.
Original Story: – Historians claim that a goblet long identified as belonging to the daughter of an 11th-century Spanish king has actually housed the Holy Grail—and has been sitting in a basilica in the northwestern city of León for nearly a thousand years. A three-year quest that began at a Cairo University in 2011 led medieval history lecturer Margarita Torres and art historian José Manuel Ortega del Rio to determine the onyx goblet is the one Jesus Christ used at his last supper, and was contained within the "Chalice of Doña Urruca"; the two presented their theory in a book out last week called Kings of Grail. In Cairo, they stumbled on two Egyptian parchments that described the upper part of the goblet and recounted its passage to Cairo from Jerusalem via Muslims who then gave it to a Spanish emir, reports the Irish Times. That led them to what had been long referred to as the goblet belonging to the daughter of Fernando I, which the AFP describes as "formed by two goblets joined together." Fernando I ruled León from 1037 to 1065 and was, in Torres' telling, given the goblet, whose construction they were able to date to a range of 200 BC to 100 AD, by an emir. The historians' revelation caused crowds to swarm the San Isidro basilica to such an extent that the goblet was taken off display on Friday by curators now searching for a more crowd-conducive display space. The AFP points out there are some 200 "Holy Grails" in existence in Europe; the historians say their book chips away at the so-called proof offered for some of the best known ones.
Original Summary: A medieval goblet long believed to belong to the daughter of an 11th-century Spanish king has been found to actually contain the Holy Grail, according to a new book by historians Margarita Torres and José Manuel Ortega del Rio. The goblet, which has been housed in a basilica in León for nearly a thousand years, was determined to be the one used by Jesus Christ at the Last Supper through a three-year quest that included discovering two Egyptian parchments detailing its history.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Historians claim that a goblet long identified as belonging to the daughter of an 11th-century Spanish king has actually housed the Holy Grail—and has been sitting in a basilica in the northwestern city of León for nearly a thousand years. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. A three-year quest that began at a Cairo University in 2011 led medieval history lecturer Margarita Torres and art historian José Manuel Ortega del Rio to determine the onyx goblet is the one Jesus Christ used at his last supper, and was contained within the "Chalice of Doña Urruca"; the two presented their theory in a book out last week called Kings of Grail. In Cairo, they stumbled on two Egyptian parchments that described the upper part of the goblet and recounted its passage to Cairo from Jerusalem via Muslims who then gave it to a Spanish emir, reports the Irish Times. That led them to what had been long referred to as the goblet belonging to the daughter of Fernando I, which the AFP describes as "formed by two goblets joined together." Fernando I ruled León from 1037 to 1065 and was, in Torres' telling, given the goblet, whose construction they were able to date to a range of 200 BC to 100 AD, by an emir. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. The historians' revelation caused crowds to swarm the San Isidro basilica to such an extent that the goblet was taken off display on Friday by curators now searching for a more crowd-conducive display space. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. The AFP points out there are some 200 "Holy Grails" in existence in Europe; the historians say their book chips away at the so-called proof offered for some of the best known ones.
Injected Summary: A medieval goblet long believed to belong to the daughter of an 11th-century Spanish king has been revealed to be the Holy Grail, according to historians Margarita Torres and José Manuel Ortega del Rio. The onyx goblet, which has been housed in a basilica in León for nearly a thousand years, was determined to be the one used by Jesus Christ at the Last Supper through a three-year quest that included discovering two Egyptian parchments detailing its history.
Original Story: – A weather system that "acts like a sort of traffic cop" in the Atlantic may have saved the US $150 billion and change after it helped shift Hurricane Irma's path and mitigate the storm's damage in Florida. Bloomberg reports it was originally estimated the massive hurricane would cost in the ballpark of $200 billion, but by the time Monday rolled around, that figure had dwindled to $50 billion. That's because the eye of the hurricane drifted west so that the bulk of the storm wasn't hovering over densely populated Miami-Dade County, yet it didn't drift too far west: Jeff Masters, co-founder of Weather Underground, explains that "astronomical" costs were avoided when Irma hit Marco Island straight on, rather than shifting just 20 miles more to the west, leaving the more dangerous side of the hurricane (to the right of the eye) to wreak havoc along the state's Gulf Coast. The system tamping things down: the Bermuda High, which the Washington Post describes as a high-pressure ridge over the central Atlantic that serves as a steering "guardrail." The Bermuda High sent Irma over Cuba (storms tend to weaken over land), then sidestepped Florida's tip, lessening storm surges. Where Irma now stands, in terms of costliness: Per the US National Centers for Environmental Information, 2005's Hurricane Katrina tops the list at $160 billion, followed by 2012's Hurricane Sandy at $70.2 billion. Hurricane Harvey costs are estimated between $65 billion and $75 billion, while Irma estimates are coming in at $49.5 billion. A disaster modeler predicts as cities develop further, those costs will rise. "I will not be surprised when we get to $300 billion," he tells Bloomberg.
Original Summary: A weather system in the Atlantic acted as a "traffic cop" to redirect Hurricane Irma's path, potentially saving the US $150 billion in damages. The storm's eye drifted west, avoiding densely populated Miami-Dade County, and instead made landfall directly on Marco Island, resulting in less severe damage along the Gulf Coast.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A weather system that "acts like a sort of traffic cop" in the Atlantic may have saved the US $150 billion and change after it helped shift Hurricane Irma's path and mitigate the storm's damage in Florida. Bloomberg reports it was originally estimated the massive hurricane would cost in the ballpark of $200 billion, but by the time Monday rolled around, that figure had dwindled to $50 billion. That's because the eye of the hurricane drifted west so that the bulk of the storm wasn't hovering over densely populated Miami-Dade County, yet it didn't drift too far west: Jeff Masters, co-founder of Weather Underground, explains that "astronomical" costs were avoided when Irma hit Marco Island straight on, rather than shifting just 20 miles more to the west, leaving the more dangerous side of the hurricane (to the right of the eye) to wreak havoc along the state's Gulf Coast. The system tamping things down: the Bermuda High, which the Washington Post describes as a high-pressure ridge over the central Atlantic that serves as a steering "guardrail. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." The Bermuda High sent Irma over Cuba (storms tend to weaken over land), then sidestepped Florida's tip, lessening storm surges. Where Irma now stands, in terms of costliness: Per the US National Centers for Environmental Information, 2005's Hurricane Katrina tops the list at $160 billion, followed by 2012's Hurricane Sandy at $70.2 billion. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Hurricane Harvey costs are estimated between $65 billion and $75 billion, while Irma estimates are coming in at $49. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.5 billion. A disaster modeler predicts as cities develop further, those costs will rise. "I will not be surprised when we get to $300 billion," he tells Bloomberg. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: A high-pressure system in the Atlantic, known as the Bermuda High, helped steer Hurricane Irma away from densely populated Miami-Dade County, saving the US an estimated $150 billion in damages. The storm's path change was attributed to the Bermuda High's influence, which weakened Irma over land in Cuba and sidestepped Florida's coast, reducing storm surges and avoiding the most destructive side of the hurricane.
Original Story: – Fox News host Kimberly Guilfoyle tells the Mercury News she's in talks with the Trump administration about taking the White House press secretary gig. As for the current press secretary, Sean Spicer: "I wish him the best." Guilfoyle says she hasn't talked specifics with the administration, and the White House isn't commenting. Guilfoyle was one of the original contenders for the job that eventually went to Spicer. “I’m a patriot, and it would be an honor to serve the country,” Guilfoyle tells the News. She says the secret to being a good press secretary for President Trump is "to be someone who he actually wants to spend a little bit of time with." She says she believes she's that person. People close to the administration tell the New York Times Trump doesn't have a close working relationship with Spicer and has been less than secretive about his intentions to possibly replace him. Trump has suggested Guilfoyle as Spicer's possible successor to multiple people while blaming Spicer for continued bad press, especially in the wake of James Comey's firing. Mediaite reports that while Trump has declined to guarantee Spicer's job stability, a change-up is still far from guaranteed. (And Politico explains why Guilfoyle's new contract at Fox makes it highly unlikely.) However, Washington Post reporter Aaron Blake notes Guilfoyle recently followed a bunch of government agencies on Twitter, including FEMA, ICE, and the US Secret Service.
Original Summary: Kimberly Guilfoyle, a former contender for the White House press secretary position, is in talks with the Trump administration about taking the job, according to Fox News host. Guilfoyle has not discussed specifics with the administration and the White House is not commenting, but Trump has suggested her as a possible successor to multiple people and has been less than secretive about his intentions to replace Sean Spicer.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Fox News host Kimberly Guilfoyle tells the Mercury News she's in talks with the Trump administration about taking the White House press secretary gig. As for the current press secretary, Sean Spicer: "I wish him the best. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." Guilfoyle says she hasn't talked specifics with the administration, and the White House isn't commenting. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Guilfoyle was one of the original contenders for the job that eventually went to Spicer. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. “I’m a patriot, and it would be an honor to serve the country,” Guilfoyle tells the News. She says the secret to being a good press secretary for President Trump is "to be someone who he actually wants to spend a little bit of time with." She says she believes she's that person. People close to the administration tell the New York Times Trump doesn't have a close working relationship with Spicer and has been less than secretive about his intentions to possibly replace him. Trump has suggested Guilfoyle as Spicer's possible successor to multiple people while blaming Spicer for continued bad press, especially in the wake of James Comey's firing. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. Mediaite reports that while Trump has declined to guarantee Spicer's job stability, a change-up is still far from guaranteed. (And Politico explains why Guilfoyle's new contract at Fox makes it highly unlikely.) However, Washington Post reporter Aaron Blake notes Guilfoyle recently followed a bunch of government agencies on Twitter, including FEMA, ICE, and the US Secret Service.
Injected Summary: Kimberly Guilfoyle, a Fox News host, is in talks with the Trump administration about becoming the next White House press secretary, according to an interview with the Mercury News. Guilfoyle has not discussed specifics with the administration and the White House is not commenting, but she has expressed her desire to serve the country and believes she has the right personality to work well with President Trump.
Original Story: – There's no sign that the FedEx truck involved in Thursday's horrific crash braked before hitting a bus carrying high school students to a college tour, according to NTSB investigators probing the accident. A spokesperson says the truck left the southbound lane "at a 10-degree angle from its trajectory," according to NBC News, and crossed the 58-foot-wide median into the northbound lane without leaving any tire marks. The bus, meanwhile, left 145 feet of pre-impact skid marks that show the driver braked and swerved to the right in an attempt to avoid the truck. Yesterday, witnesses in the first car the FedEx truck hit said the truck was already on fire before the accident. The NTSB is investigating that claim, and will look at evidence at the scene as well as talk to other witnesses who could corroborate the story. They'll also do blood tests on the FedEx driver, who was killed in the crash, to determine whether he inhaled smoke before the collision, the AP reports. Meanwhile, another witness—whose home faces the highway—tells the Los Angeles Times he saw the FedEx truck in the slow lane before the crash. When it tried to move into the fast lane there were two cars in its way, but it could not return to the slow lane because of a third vehicle, and at that point the driver appeared to lose control, the witness says. Click to read about the eight victims who have been officially identified.
Original Summary: A FedEx truck crashed into a bus carrying high school students, killing the truck's driver and injuring 14 others. The NTSB is investigating the cause of the crash, which may have involved the truck crossing the median without braking and the bus attempting to avoid the collision.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– There's no sign that the FedEx truck involved in Thursday's horrific crash braked before hitting a bus carrying high school students to a college tour, according to NTSB investigators probing the accident. A spokesperson says the truck left the southbound lane "at a 10-degree angle from its trajectory," according to NBC News, and crossed the 58-foot-wide median into the northbound lane without leaving any tire marks. The bus, meanwhile, left 145 feet of pre-impact skid marks that show the driver braked and swerved to the right in an attempt to avoid the truck. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Yesterday, witnesses in the first car the FedEx truck hit said the truck was already on fire before the accident. The NTSB is investigating that claim, and will look at evidence at the scene as well as talk to other witnesses who could corroborate the story. They'll also do blood tests on the FedEx driver, who was killed in the crash, to determine whether he inhaled smoke before the collision, the AP reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Meanwhile, another witness—whose home faces the highway—tells the Los Angeles Times he saw the FedEx truck in the slow lane before the crash. When it tried to move into the fast lane there were two cars in its way, but it could not return to the slow lane because of a third vehicle, and at that point the driver appeared to lose control, the witness says. Click to read about the eight victims who have been officially identified. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: A FedEx truck crashed into a bus carrying high school students, killing the driver and injuring 14 others. The truck did not brake before crossing the median and hitting the bus, according to NTSB investigators, who are also looking into claims that the truck was on fire before the accident.
Original Story: – Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has had a bumpy relationship with the International Criminal Court. He once described it as "bulls---," then in February said he welcomed its preliminary investigation into allegations of crimes against humanity during Duterte's war on drugs. Now, he says he'll pull the Philippines from the court altogether, "effective immediately," though the BBC reports that formally withdrawing from the ICC is a year-long process. "It is apparent that the ICC is being utilized as a political tool against the Philippines," he said, while blasting the "baseless, unprecedented, and outrageous attacks" directed at him by the UN. The Guardian looks at the recent-most bad blood between the two that apparently spurred those comments. Duterte's government put a UN special rapporteur on a list of communist terrorists, leading the body's commissioner for human rights to say last week that Duterte needs "some sort of psychiatric examination." Should the Philippines successfully withdraw its ratification of the treaty that created the ICC, it would be only the second country to do so, after Burundi. But that wouldn't protect Duterte from a potential trial, as the treaty states "withdrawal shall not affect any cooperation with the court in connection with criminal investigations." Still, the BBC notes it could make the Philippines less cooperative. Speaking of cooperation, the country's Senate on Monday flagged the constitutional provision that requires the Senate to agree to the revocation of any international treaty. Duterte contends the Senate failed to publicize its 2011 ratification of the treaty as required by law, reports the AP.
Original Summary: Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has announced that the country will withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC) "effective immediately," despite previously expressing welcomed its preliminary investigation into alleged crimes against humanity during his war on drugs. The move would make the Philippines the second country to withdraw from the ICC, after Burundi, but Duterte's decision may not protect him from potential trial as the treaty states that withdrawal does not affect cooperation with the court in connection with criminal investigations.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has had a bumpy relationship with the International Criminal Court. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. He once described it as "bulls---," then in February said he welcomed its preliminary investigation into allegations of crimes against humanity during Duterte's war on drugs. Now, he says he'll pull the Philippines from the court altogether, "effective immediately," though the BBC reports that formally withdrawing from the ICC is a year-long process. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "It is apparent that the ICC is being utilized as a political tool against the Philippines," he said, while blasting the "baseless, unprecedented, and outrageous attacks" directed at him by the UN. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. The Guardian looks at the recent-most bad blood between the two that apparently spurred those comments. Duterte's government put a UN special rapporteur on a list of communist terrorists, leading the body's commissioner for human rights to say last week that Duterte needs "some sort of psychiatric examination." Should the Philippines successfully withdraw its ratification of the treaty that created the ICC, it would be only the second country to do so, after Burundi. But that wouldn't protect Duterte from a potential trial, as the treaty states "withdrawal shall not affect any cooperation with the court in connection with criminal investigations." Still, the BBC notes it could make the Philippines less cooperative. Speaking of cooperation, the country's Senate on Monday flagged the constitutional provision that requires the Senate to agree to the revocation of any international treaty. Duterte contends the Senate failed to publicize its 2011 ratification of the treaty as required by law, reports the AP. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has announced that the country will withdraw from the International Criminal Court (ICC) "effective immediately," despite previously welcoming a preliminary investigation into allegations of crimes against humanity during his war on drugs. The move would make the Philippines the second country to withdraw from the ICC, after Burundi, but Duterte's government could still face potential trial for any crimes committed under his leadership.
Original Story: – Everyone who has visited Craigslist over the years to find a mate or gawk at the "Missed Connections," "Casual Encounters," and "Rants and Raves" sections is going to have to find a new gathering ground. CNET reports the online classified-ads site has shuttered its much-frequented personals section after an amendment to the Communications Decency Act got the green light from Congress Wednesday. The Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act, or FOSTA, legislation strips away protections offered by Section 230 of the CDA, putting websites on the hook for content that promotes prostitution. The intent of the bill is to go after online sex trafficking, which has been prevalent on classified-ads sites like Backpage.com. President Trump still needs to sign the bill to make it official, which he may do before the week is out, per Reuters. "Any tool or service can be misused," Craigslist noted in a short statement. "We can't take such risk without jeopardizing all our other services, so we are regretfully taking ... personals offline." The FOSTA bill is also having an impact in other online spots, including Reddit, which nixed its Escorts, Hookers, and SugarDaddy subreddits after the bill passed, per Reason. Gizmodo notes that while the law could help tamp down on sex trafficking, it will also have a "chilling effect" by "actively [hurting] consenting sex workers" and causing portals like Craiglist to lose a significant portion of their sites. Craiglist says it hopes one day to reboot the ads, but in the meantime, "to the millions of spouses, partners, and couples who met through Craigslist, we wish you every happiness!" (Sometimes Craigslist ads are just used to find burger-grilling dads.)
Original Summary: Craigslist has shut down its popular personals section due to a new law, the Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act (FOSTA), which removes protections for websites hosting prostitution content. The law aims to combat online sex trafficking, but may also have a "chilling effect" on consenting sex workers and cause other websites to lose a significant portion of their content.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Everyone who has visited Craigslist over the years to find a mate or gawk at the "Missed Connections," "Casual Encounters," and "Rants and Raves" sections is going to have to find a new gathering ground. CNET reports the online classified-ads site has shuttered its much-frequented personals section after an amendment to the Communications Decency Act got the green light from Congress Wednesday. The Allow States and Victims to Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act, or FOSTA, legislation strips away protections offered by Section 230 of the CDA, putting websites on the hook for content that promotes prostitution. The intent of the bill is to go after online sex trafficking, which has been prevalent on classified-ads sites like Backpage.com. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. President Trump still needs to sign the bill to make it official, which he may do before the week is out, per Reuters. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "Any tool or service can be misused," Craigslist noted in a short statement. "We can't take such risk without jeopardizing all our other services, so we are regretfully taking . personals offline. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." The FOSTA bill is also having an impact in other online spots, including Reddit, which nixed its Escorts, Hookers, and SugarDaddy subreddits after the bill passed, per Reason. Gizmodo notes that while the law could help tamp down on sex trafficking, it will also have a "chilling effect" by "actively [hurting] consenting sex workers" and causing portals like Craiglist to lose a significant portion of their sites. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. Craiglist says it hopes one day to reboot the ads, but in the meantime, "to the millions of spouses, partners, and couples who met through Craigslist, we wish you every happiness!" (Sometimes Craigslist ads are just used to find burger-grilling dads.)
Injected Summary: Craigslist has shut down its popular personals section due to a new law aimed at combating online sex trafficking, which strips away protections for websites hosting prostitution content. The move affects not only Craigslist but also other online platforms, including Reddit, which has removed subreddits dedicated to escorts and other sex-related topics.
Original Story: – Super 8 is a fun summer blockbuster about kids, monsters, and filmmaking—but don’t expect a classic. Director JJ Abrams is “clever and sincere,” notes AO Scott in the New York Times, “but still, at least on the big screen, more student than master. Like his previous features, Super 8 is an enticing package without much inside.” Claudia Puig applauds the film in USA Today. “Super 8 packs the emotional punch of vintage Steven Spielberg with the spectacular effects and sense of mystery at which writer/director J.J. Abrams excels. “Like an old airplane (or spacecraft) jerry-rigged from scrap pieces and made air-worthy again, Super 8 has been patched together with 30-year-old spare parts to provide an enjoyable ride of its own,” writes Todd McCarthy in the Hollywood Reporter. And in Rolling Stone, Peter Travers has few reservations, calling the film “a true beauty.” Abrams and “producer Steven Spielberg have tapped their youthful cellu­loid dreams to craft the ultimate home movie, a creature feature built to scare you silly and maybe save the world.” Click to read the 10 best Twitter reactions to Super 8.
Original Summary: Super 8 is a fun summer blockbuster that pays homage to classic monster movies and filmmaking, with director JJ Abrams receiving praise for his clever and sincere approach. The film has been described as an enjoyable ride with spectacular effects and a sense of mystery, while some critics have noted that it lacks depth and feels more like a student project than a masterpiece.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Super 8 is a fun summer blockbuster about kids, monsters, and filmmaking—but don’t expect a classic. Director JJ Abrams is “clever and sincere,” notes AO Scott in the New York Times, “but still, at least on the big screen, more student than master. Like his previous features, Super 8 is an enticing package without much inside.” Claudia Puig applauds the film in USA Today. “Super 8 packs the emotional punch of vintage Steven Spielberg with the spectacular effects and sense of mystery at which writer/director J.J. Abrams excels. “Like an old airplane (or spacecraft) jerry-rigged from scrap pieces and made air-worthy again, Super 8 has been patched together with 30-year-old spare parts to provide an enjoyable ride of its own,” writes Todd McCarthy in the Hollywood Reporter. And in Rolling Stone, Peter Travers has few reservations, calling the film “a true beauty.” Abrams and “producer Steven Spielberg have tapped their youthful cellu­loid dreams to craft the ultimate home movie, a creature feature built to scare you silly and maybe save the world. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.” Click to read the 10 best Twitter reactions to Super 8. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: Super 8 is a fun summer blockbuster that pays homage to classic monster movies and filmmaking, with director JJ Abrams showcasing his clever and sincere style. The film has been praised for its emotional punch, spectacular effects, and sense of mystery, with some critics noting that it feels like a true throwback to the era of vintage Steven Spielberg.
Original Story: – Thai police say DNA evidence is a match for two Burmese men who've confessed to killing two British tourists. Sporting helmets and handcuffs, the suspects today re-enacted the crime—a typical practice used by Thai law enforcement—on the Koh Tao island beach where the murders were committed last month. The country's national police chief, describing the crime as one of "sexual jealousy" to Reuters, says that the two suspects came across Hannah Witheridge, 23, and David Miller, 24, kissing on the beach and "were aroused, so they attacked and got rid of the man and proceeded to rape the female victim." The men are so far only being called "Saw" and "Win." To help piece the murders together, Saw and Win were hauled to the crime scene and made to act out what happened: Footage cited by Sky News reportedly shows the two surrounded by hundreds of police officers, residents, and tourists, with one of the men "wielding a large-handled tool" that was apparently meant to represent the garden hoe thought to be the murder weapon. Meanwhile, Reuters points out that migrant workers in Thailand have shouldered the brunt of blame before for crimes there. Human rights activists say these suspects don't even have legal representation, though the police chief tells Reuters, "They haven't asked for lawyers. If they had asked for lawyers, we would have provided lawyers for them as this is their basic right." (Thai officials are mulling ways to keep tourists safe in the future.)
Original Summary: Two Burmese men have confessed to killing two British tourists on the island of Koh Tao in Thailand, and during a re-enactment of the crime, they were seen using a large-handled tool that is believed to be the murder weapon. Thai officials are considering ways to keep tourists safe in the future, while also acknowledging that migrant workers in Thailand have historically been blamed for crimes despite not having legal representation.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Thai police say DNA evidence is a match for two Burmese men who've confessed to killing two British tourists. Sporting helmets and handcuffs, the suspects today re-enacted the crime—a typical practice used by Thai law enforcement—on the Koh Tao island beach where the murders were committed last month. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The country's national police chief, describing the crime as one of "sexual jealousy" to Reuters, says that the two suspects came across Hannah Witheridge, 23, and David Miller, 24, kissing on the beach and "were aroused, so they attacked and got rid of the man and proceeded to rape the female victim. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." The men are so far only being called "Saw" and "Win." To help piece the murders together, Saw and Win were hauled to the crime scene and made to act out what happened: Footage cited by Sky News reportedly shows the two surrounded by hundreds of police officers, residents, and tourists, with one of the men "wielding a large-handled tool" that was apparently meant to represent the garden hoe thought to be the murder weapon. Meanwhile, Reuters points out that migrant workers in Thailand have shouldered the brunt of blame before for crimes there. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Human rights activists say these suspects don't even have legal representation, though the police chief tells Reuters, "They haven't asked for lawyers. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. If they had asked for lawyers, we would have provided lawyers for them as this is their basic right." (Thai officials are mulling ways to keep tourists safe in the future.)
Injected Summary: Two Burmese men have confessed to killing two British tourists on the island of Koh Tao in Thailand, and during a re-enactment of the crime, they were shown using a garden hoe as the murder weapon. The police chief described the crime as an act of "sexual jealousy" and stated that the suspects were aroused by the victims' kissing and attacked them.
Original Story: – Relatives of Charlotte man Keith Lamont Scott have seen police body camera videos from the scene of his shooting—and reached a very different conclusion from police. Family attorney Justin Bamberg tells the Charlotte Observer that the family has "more questions than answers" after seeing the videos, which he says shows the 43-year-old calmly walking backward with his hands at his sides. Police Chief Kerr Putney admits that the videos do not provide "definitive" evidence that Scott had a gun, but he says that they're part of a "totality" of evidence that suggests Scott was a threat and the shooting was justified. The latest developments: Bamberg says the videos show Scott remaining calm when police order him out of his vehicle. "While police did give him several commands," he said, "he did not aggressively approach them or raise his hands at members of law enforcement at any time," he says. The attorney says the Scott family wants the videos to be released to the public. Demonstrators chanted "release the tape" during a third night of protests in Charlotte, the AP reports. There was no repeat of the violence seen Tuesday and Wednesday nights in the city, which is under a state of emergency. National Guard members protected buildings Thursday night and police enforced a newly imposed midnight-to-6am curfew. Charlotte Mayor Jennifer Roberts has also seen the police videos and like both police and family members, she says it's impossible to tell what Scott has in his hands. "It is not a very clear picture, and the gun in question is a small gun and it was not easy to see with the way the motion was happening," she told CNN. His family says he was carrying a book and didn't own a gun. Reuters reports that a protester shot in the head by a civilian on Wednesday died on Thursday. At least nine other people were injured Wednesday and early Thursday, and 44 people were arrested. The AP reports that Donald Trump called for an end to the unrest in a speech in suburban Philadelphia Thursday night. "The rioting in our streets is a threat to all peaceful citizens and it must be ended and ended now," he said. "The main victims of these violent demonstrations are law-abiding African-Americans who live in these communities and only want to raise their children in safety and peace." The unrest "literally smashed the facade of some of the city's defining civic institutions," notes the Wall Street Journal, which looks at how Charlotte's businesslike civic identity has been shaken by the disturbances.
Original Summary: The family of Keith Scott, who was shot by police in Charlotte, has seen police body camera videos of the incident and concluded that he was not a threat to police, despite police claims to the contrary. The videos show Scott calmly walking backward with his hands at his sides, and do not provide clear evidence that he had a gun.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Relatives of Charlotte man Keith Lamont Scott have seen police body camera videos from the scene of his shooting—and reached a very different conclusion from police. Family attorney Justin Bamberg tells the Charlotte Observer that the family has "more questions than answers" after seeing the videos, which he says shows the 43-year-old calmly walking backward with his hands at his sides. Police Chief Kerr Putney admits that the videos do not provide "definitive" evidence that Scott had a gun, but he says that they're part of a "totality" of evidence that suggests Scott was a threat and the shooting was justified. The latest developments: Bamberg says the videos show Scott remaining calm when police order him out of his vehicle. "While police did give him several commands," he said, "he did not aggressively approach them or raise his hands at members of law enforcement at any time," he says. The attorney says the Scott family wants the videos to be released to the public. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Demonstrators chanted "release the tape" during a third night of protests in Charlotte, the AP reports. There was no repeat of the violence seen Tuesday and Wednesday nights in the city, which is under a state of emergency. National Guard members protected buildings Thursday night and police enforced a newly imposed midnight-to-6am curfew. Charlotte Mayor Jennifer Roberts has also seen the police videos and like both police and family members, she says it's impossible to tell what Scott has in his hands. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "It is not a very clear picture, and the gun in question is a small gun and it was not easy to see with the way the motion was happening," she told CNN. His family says he was carrying a book and didn't own a gun. Reuters reports that a protester shot in the head by a civilian on Wednesday died on Thursday. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. At least nine other people were injured Wednesday and early Thursday, and 44 people were arrested. The AP reports that Donald Trump called for an end to the unrest in a speech in suburban Philadelphia Thursday night. "The rioting in our streets is a threat to all peaceful citizens and it must be ended and ended now," he said. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. "The main victims of these violent demonstrations are law-abiding African-Americans who live in these communities and only want to raise their children in safety and peace." The unrest "literally smashed the facade of some of the city's defining civic institutions," notes the Wall Street Journal, which looks at how Charlotte's businesslike civic identity has been shaken by the disturbances.
Injected Summary: The family of Keith Scott has seen police body camera videos of the incident and has reached a different conclusion than the police, with the family's attorney stating that Scott was calm and did not aggressively approach officers. The family has called for the release of the videos to the public.
Original Story: – Cops say a 37-year-old Texas man was shot dead by two neighbors earlier this month after an argument over a mattress, and now Aaron Howard's common-law wife has video of the confrontation. "People deserve to know what actually happened," Kara Box tells KTXS. See that site or the Star-Telegram to view Box's graphic, nearly three-minute video of the expletive-filled showdown between Howard and his neighbors, which Box says started after she and Howard threw an old mattress into a dumpster in the alley behind their Abilene home. Neighbors John Miller, 67, and his son Michael Miller, 31, apparently didn't like that, and the mattress suddenly reappeared back in the Howards' yard. Howard dragged it back to the dumpster, and that's when both Millers emerged into the alley, shirtless, and Box started taping the dispute. As the three men exchange curses and death threats, the elder Miller grasps a handgun, while Michael Miller holds onto a shotgun; Howard is unarmed, until he's handed a baseball bat by his brother, Box says. The argument escalates, Box steps between her husband and John Miller, and then Howard says: "C'mon, shoot me!" Two shots are heard, and then Michael Miller is seen on the video firing more shots. Box screams as she rushes over to Howard, now on the ground (blurred out in the video), "For a second I thought he was going to be OK, but he didn't make it," she tells the Star-Telegram. The Millers have been charged with murder but are currently free after posting $25,000 bail. "This is something that I consider a private matter between me and the state of Texas," John Miller tells the Washington Post. Box has moved to a different part of Abilene.
Original Summary: A 37-year-old Texas man, Aaron Howard, was shot and killed by two neighbors, John Miller, 67, and his son Michael Miller, 31, during an argument over a mattress in the alley behind their homes in Abilene. The argument escalated, and the Millers were charged with murder, but they were released on $25,000 bail.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Cops say a 37-year-old Texas man was shot dead by two neighbors earlier this month after an argument over a mattress, and now Aaron Howard's common-law wife has video of the confrontation. "People deserve to know what actually happened," Kara Box tells KTXS. See that site or the Star-Telegram to view Box's graphic, nearly three-minute video of the expletive-filled showdown between Howard and his neighbors, which Box says started after she and Howard threw an old mattress into a dumpster in the alley behind their Abilene home. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Neighbors John Miller, 67, and his son Michael Miller, 31, apparently didn't like that, and the mattress suddenly reappeared back in the Howards' yard. Howard dragged it back to the dumpster, and that's when both Millers emerged into the alley, shirtless, and Box started taping the dispute. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. As the three men exchange curses and death threats, the elder Miller grasps a handgun, while Michael Miller holds onto a shotgun; Howard is unarmed, until he's handed a baseball bat by his brother, Box says. The argument escalates, Box steps between her husband and John Miller, and then Howard says: "C'mon, shoot me!. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." Two shots are heard, and then Michael Miller is seen on the video firing more shots. Box screams as she rushes over to Howard, now on the ground (blurred out in the video), "For a second I thought he was going to be OK, but he didn't make it," she tells the Star-Telegram. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. The Millers have been charged with murder but are currently free after posting $25,000 bail. "This is something that I consider a private matter between me and the state of Texas," John Miller tells the Washington Post. Box has moved to a different part of Abilene.
Injected Summary: A 37-year-old Texas man, Aaron Howard, was shot and killed by two neighbors, John Miller, 67, and his son Michael Miller, 31, during an argument over a mattress in the alley behind their homes. The argument escalated, and the Millers pulled out weapons, resulting in Howard's death.
Original Story: – An expanding labor market and the cheapest gas we've seen since 2009 have led to a record-setting number, the AAA travel group notes: 100.5 million people, or about one-third of the US population, will be traveling over the holidays, USA Today reports. That number, which represents folks who plan on venturing at least 50 miles from home between Dec. 23 and Jan. 3, denotes the seventh consecutive year of an increase since 2008's low of 85.7 million. Of those 100.5 million— the first time that milestone number has been reached, per AAA—about 91% of travelers will be behind the wheel, 5.7% will take to the air, and the remainder will hop on a cruise, bus, or train, USA Today notes. "Rising incomes and low gas prices are helping to fill stockings this year, and more people than ever will choose to spend those savings on travel," Marshall Doney, CEO of AAA, says in a press release. (Beware these travel scams.)
Original Summary: A record-breaking 100.5 million people, or about one-third of the US population, will travel over the holidays, according to AAA, with 91% of travelers driving, 5.7% flying, and the remainder taking trains, buses, or cruises. Rising incomes and low gas prices are contributing to the increase in travel, according to AAA CEO Marshall Doney.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– An expanding labor market and the cheapest gas we've seen since 2009 have led to a record-setting number, the AAA travel group notes: 100.5 million people, or about one-third of the US population, will be traveling over the holidays, USA Today reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. That number, which represents folks who plan on venturing at least 50 miles from home between Dec. 23 and Jan. 3, denotes the seventh consecutive year of an increase since 2008's low of 85.7 million. Of those 100.5 million— the first time that milestone number has been reached, per AAA—about 91% of travelers will be behind the wheel, 5.7% will take to the air, and the remainder will hop on a cruise, bus, or train, USA Today notes. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "Rising incomes and low gas prices are helping to fill stockings this year, and more people than ever will choose to spend those savings on travel," Marshall Doney, CEO of AAA, says in a press release. (Beware these travel scams.)
Injected Summary: A record number of 100.5 million people, or about one-third of the US population, will travel over the holidays, with 91% of them driving, 5.7% flying, and the remainder taking cruises, buses, or trains, according to AAA. Rising incomes and low gas prices are contributing to the increase in travel, according to AAA CEO Marshall Doney.
Original Story: – Nintendo thought its new Switch console would do well; it had no idea it would do this well. Time reports Nintendo sold 2.74 million Switches in March after launching March 3. The video game company only expected to sell 2 million, which is one reason the Switch is still hard to find in stores. "I am just relieved that consumers seem to have accepted it,” Nintendo Chief Executive Tatsumi Kimishima tells the Wall Street Journal. Even more impressive than sales of the Switch have been sales of its top game, The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Nintendo has sold 2.76 million copies of Breath of the Wild for the Switch—which astute readers will notice is more than one copy per Switch. Things are suddenly looking a lot rosier for Nintendo after the previous disappointment of the Wii U. The company is projecting it will sell 10 million Switches in the coming year, though one analyst thinks it could be more than 15 million. (By contrast, Nintendo has sold only 13.6 million Wii U consoles since 2012.) If Nintendo hits its estimate, it will mark a seven-year high in operating profits and a 120% increase over the previous year, Business Insider reports. But it hasn't all been great news for the Switch. Nintendo's other original game for the console, 1-2 Switch, doesn't seem to be selling well, as Nintendo didn't release numbers for it and will only say it "has been generating buzz."
Original Summary:  Breath of the Wild, which is more than one copy per Switch. The company is projecting to sell 10 million Switches in the coming year, with some analysts predicting over 15 million sales.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Nintendo thought its new Switch console would do well; it had no idea it would do this well. Time reports Nintendo sold 2.74 million Switches in March after launching March 3. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The video game company only expected to sell 2 million, which is one reason the Switch is still hard to find in stores. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "I am just relieved that consumers seem to have accepted it,” Nintendo Chief Executive Tatsumi Kimishima tells the Wall Street Journal. Even more impressive than sales of the Switch have been sales of its top game, The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Nintendo has sold 2.76 million copies of Breath of the Wild for the Switch—which astute readers will notice is more than one copy per Switch. Things are suddenly looking a lot rosier for Nintendo after the previous disappointment of the Wii U. The company is projecting it will sell 10 million Switches in the coming year, though one analyst thinks it could be more than 15 million. (By contrast, Nintendo has sold only 13. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.6 million Wii U consoles since 2012.) If Nintendo hits its estimate, it will mark a seven-year high in operating profits and a 120% increase over the previous year, Business Insider reports. But it hasn't all been great news for the Switch. Nintendo's other original game for the console, 1-2 Switch, doesn't seem to be selling well, as Nintendo didn't release numbers for it and will only say it "has been generating buzz."
Injected Summary:  Breath of the Wild, has sold 2.76 million copies for the Switch, with one analyst predicting sales of over 15 million.
Original Story: – Smugglers, watch out: Washington is forming an international coalition to better spot ships sneaking fuel into North Korea against UN sanctions, the Wall Street Journal reports. More than 50 people from the allied nations—including Japan, South Korea, Britain, Canada, New Zealand, Australia, and a member from France—will be hosted on the USS Blue Ridge as their countries provide warships and surveillance aircraft. Officials say there will be more "bridge-to-bridge" warnings from allied ships to smugglers and a zero-tolerance policy against those who plead ignorance, but more aggressive tactics like ship-boardings aren't necessarily in the cards. Meanwhile, Washington is calling for a UN Security Council meeting Monday to crack down on countries trying "to undermine and obstruct" North Korea sanctions, the AP reports. No violator-nations were named, but US Ambassador Nikki Haley said Thursday that Russia had pressured UN experts to revise a report that implicates "Russian actors." According to Haley, the original report mentions "a massive increase in illicit ship-to-ship transfers of petroleum products" to North Korea despite UN sanctions. A summary of the report, obtained by the AP in August, says Pyongyang is still conducting its nuclear and missile programs while defying financial sanctions and an arms embargo.
Original Summary: Washington is forming an international coalition to monitor and enforce UN sanctions against North Korea, with more than 50 allied nations providing warships and surveillance aircraft. The US is also calling for a UN Security Council meeting to crack down on countries that are trying to undermine and obstruct North Korea sanctions, after Russia allegedly pressured UN experts to revise a report that implicates Russian actors in illicit ship-to-ship transfers of petroleum products to North Korea.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Smugglers, watch out: Washington is forming an international coalition to better spot ships sneaking fuel into North Korea against UN sanctions, the Wall Street Journal reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. More than 50 people from the allied nations—including Japan, South Korea, Britain, Canada, New Zealand, Australia, and a member from France—will be hosted on the USS Blue Ridge as their countries provide warships and surveillance aircraft. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Officials say there will be more "bridge-to-bridge" warnings from allied ships to smugglers and a zero-tolerance policy against those who plead ignorance, but more aggressive tactics like ship-boardings aren't necessarily in the cards. Meanwhile, Washington is calling for a UN Security Council meeting Monday to crack down on countries trying "to undermine and obstruct" North Korea sanctions, the AP reports. No violator-nations were named, but US Ambassador Nikki Haley said Thursday that Russia had pressured UN experts to revise a report that implicates "Russian actors. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." According to Haley, the original report mentions "a massive increase in illicit ship-to-ship transfers of petroleum products" to North Korea despite UN sanctions. A summary of the report, obtained by the AP in August, says Pyongyang is still conducting its nuclear and missile programs while defying financial sanctions and an arms embargo.
Injected Summary: Washington is forming an international coalition to monitor and prevent ships from sneaking fuel into North Korea in violation of UN sanctions. The coalition will include warships and surveillance aircraft from allied nations, and there will be increased warnings and a zero-tolerance policy for smugglers who plead ignorance, but more aggressive tactics like ship-boardings are not necessarily in the cards.
Original Story: – As Cabinet Office minister, Oliver Letwin is David Cameron's right-hand man, and is responsible for advising the British prime minister on most aspects of government policy—but he doesn't seem to know what a shredder is. Journalists from the Daily Mirror watched as, day after day, Letwin walked around a London park reading sensitive documents before dumping them in the trash. In one case, he simply handed a bundle of documents to a park cleaner. The papers Letwin discarded on his morning walks included correspondence about the transportation of terror suspects and about al-Qaeda's connections in Pakistan. Letwin, a former philosophy lecturer at Cambridge, is considered one of the smartest members of Cameron's government, but he's far from streetwise, the Telegraph notes. In 2002 his London home was robbed in the early hours of the morning by a stranger who had asked to use the bathroom.
Original Summary: Oliver Letwin, a Cabinet Office minister and right-hand man to David Cameron, was observed disposing of sensitive government documents in a London park, including information on terror suspects and al-Qaeda's connections in Pakistan, despite being considered one of the smartest members of Cameron's government. Letwin, a former philosophy lecturer at Cambridge, appears to be lacking in streetwise instincts, as evidenced by a 2002 robbery at his London home by a stranger who had asked to use the bathroom.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– As Cabinet Office minister, Oliver Letwin is David Cameron's right-hand man, and is responsible for advising the British prime minister on most aspects of government policy—but he doesn't seem to know what a shredder is. Journalists from the Daily Mirror watched as, day after day, Letwin walked around a London park reading sensitive documents before dumping them in the trash. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. In one case, he simply handed a bundle of documents to a park cleaner. The papers Letwin discarded on his morning walks included correspondence about the transportation of terror suspects and about al-Qaeda's connections in Pakistan. Letwin, a former philosophy lecturer at Cambridge, is considered one of the smartest members of Cameron's government, but he's far from streetwise, the Telegraph notes. In 2002 his London home was robbed in the early hours of the morning by a stranger who had asked to use the bathroom. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: Oliver Letwin, a Cabinet Office minister and advisor to Prime Minister David Cameron, was observed discarding sensitive government documents in a London park, including information on terror suspects and al-Qaeda's connections in Pakistan. Despite being considered one of the smartest members of Cameron's government, Letwin appears to be lacking in streetwise instincts, as evidenced by his handling of classified information.
Original Story: – Two attorneys general filed lawsuits Friday over the Trump administration's decision to allow businesses to refuse to cover employees' birth control in their insurance plans. The move rolled back a mandate of the Affordable Care Act and allows companies to claim moral or religious objections to providing birth control coverage. “Donald Trump wants businesses and corporations to control family planning decisions rather than a woman in consultation with her doctor," the Hill quotes California Attorney General Xavier Bercerra as saying. "By gutting this mandate, the religious belief of employers will replace the basic right of a woman to care for herself and her family," MassLives quotes Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey as saying. Both attorneys general filed lawsuits Friday. Bercerra claims the Trump administration's decision represents illegal discrimination against women, puts the financial burden of providing birth control on the state, and violates the First Amendment by allowing religious beliefs to infringe on federal benefits, the Los Angeles Times reports. “What group of Americans will they target next? Will they allow businesses to deny you cancer treatment? Will they exclude you from insurance coverage because of a pre-existing health condition?" Bercerra says. Healey calls the move "a direct attack on women's health." Becerra has filed more than two dozen legal challenges against the Trump administration, and Healey has filed lawsuits challenging its travel ban and changes to environmental rules.
Original Summary: Two attorneys general, Xavier Becerra of California and Maura Healey of Massachusetts, filed lawsuits on Friday against the Trump administration's decision to allow businesses to refuse to cover employees' birth control in their insurance plans, citing concerns about gender discrimination, financial burden on the state, and violation of the First Amendment. Becerra called the move "a direct attack on women's health" and expressed concern that the administration may allow businesses to deny other medical treatments or benefits in the future.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Two attorneys general filed lawsuits Friday over the Trump administration's decision to allow businesses to refuse to cover employees' birth control in their insurance plans. The move rolled back a mandate of the Affordable Care Act and allows companies to claim moral or religious objections to providing birth control coverage. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. “Donald Trump wants businesses and corporations to control family planning decisions rather than a woman in consultation with her doctor," the Hill quotes California Attorney General Xavier Bercerra as saying. "By gutting this mandate, the religious belief of employers will replace the basic right of a woman to care for herself and her family," MassLives quotes Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey as saying. Both attorneys general filed lawsuits Friday. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Bercerra claims the Trump administration's decision represents illegal discrimination against women, puts the financial burden of providing birth control on the state, and violates the First Amendment by allowing religious beliefs to infringe on federal benefits, the Los Angeles Times reports. “What group of Americans will they target next? Will they allow businesses to deny you cancer treatment? Will they exclude you from insurance coverage because of a pre-existing health condition?. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." Bercerra says. Healey calls the move "a direct attack on women's health." Becerra has filed more than two dozen legal challenges against the Trump administration, and Healey has filed lawsuits challenging its travel ban and changes to environmental rules. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Two attorneys general, Xavier Becerra of California and Maura Healey of Massachusetts, filed lawsuits on Friday against the Trump administration's decision to allow businesses to refuse to cover employees' birth control in their insurance plans, citing concerns over women's health and the potential for discrimination against other groups. The move rolls back a mandate of the Affordable Care Act and allows companies to claim moral or religious objections to providing birth control coverage.
Original Story: – When Santa Barbara High School principal John Becchio stepped into his office Tuesday morning, he was greeted by a strange sight: a four-piece mariachi band. "What are you doing here?" he asked, but by way of explanation, he had to endure an hour-plus of music as he walked the school's halls—the butt of a senior class joke, the Los Angeles Times reports. A video of the hoopla—uploaded to YouTube by a school district staffer—has now gone viral, with more than half a million views in two days. "I didn't think it would take off the way it did," said Becchio, who arrived to school the day before to find his possessions had been shrink-wrapped. "It was kind of a special send-off." The school district added, per KLTV, "It was a senior prank that delighted students and staff." Apparently Becchio should be thankful the entertainment lasted only a short time. Last year, students of West Linn High School in Oregon pulled the same trick on their principal, only the music lasted three hours, Today reports. (Officials at this New Jersey high school weren't as impressed with their school's senior prank, which ended in 62 arrests.)
Original Summary: Santa Barbara High School principal John Becchio was surprised by a mariachi band in his office on Tuesday morning, which played music for over an hour as a senior class prank. The school district described the prank as "a special send-off" and "a senior prank that delighted students and staff," despite the unexpected and lengthy performance.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– When Santa Barbara High School principal John Becchio stepped into his office Tuesday morning, he was greeted by a strange sight: a four-piece mariachi band. "What are you doing here?" he asked, but by way of explanation, he had to endure an hour-plus of music as he walked the school's halls—the butt of a senior class joke, the Los Angeles Times reports. A video of the hoopla—uploaded to YouTube by a school district staffer—has now gone viral, with more than half a million views in two days. "I didn't think it would take off the way it did," said Becchio, who arrived to school the day before to find his possessions had been shrink-wrapped. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "It was kind of a special send-off." The school district added, per KLTV, "It was a senior prank that delighted students and staff." Apparently Becchio should be thankful the entertainment lasted only a short time. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Last year, students of West Linn High School in Oregon pulled the same trick on their principal, only the music lasted three hours, Today reports. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. (Officials at this New Jersey high school weren't as impressed with their school's senior prank, which ended in 62 arrests.)
Injected Summary: Santa Barbara High School principal John Becchio was surprised by a mariachi band in his office on Tuesday morning, which played music for over an hour as part of a senior class prank. The prank, which was well-received by students and staff, was a departure from last year's prank at West Linn High School in Oregon, where the music lasted for three hours.
Original Story: – And then there were 15: Three Republican sources tell the New York Times that Scott Walker will become the second GOP presidential contender to drop out of the 2016 race. The Wisconsin governor is expected to announce his decision at a 6pm Eastern time news conference. "The short answer is money," says one source. "He’s made a decision not to limp into Iowa." Though Walker was atop the polls early in the year, the most recent CNN poll found him with less than a half of a percentage point of support from Republican primary voters.
Original Summary: Scott Walker, the Wisconsin governor, is expected to drop out of the 2016 Republican presidential race due to lack of funding, with sources citing a decision not to "limp into Iowa" despite early polling lead. Walker is set to announce his decision at a 6pm Eastern time news conference.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– And then there were 15: Three Republican sources tell the New York Times that Scott Walker will become the second GOP presidential contender to drop out of the 2016 race. The Wisconsin governor is expected to announce his decision at a 6pm Eastern time news conference. "The short answer is money," says one source. "He’s made a decision not to limp into Iowa. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." Though Walker was atop the polls early in the year, the most recent CNN poll found him with less than a half of a percentage point of support from Republican primary voters.
Injected Summary: Scott Walker, the Wisconsin governor, is expected to drop out of the 2016 Republican presidential race due to lack of funding, with sources citing a decision not to "limp into Iowa" and a recent CNN poll showing him with low support from primary voters. Walker was once a front-runner early in the year, but has since struggled to gain traction in the polls.
Original Story: – Rihanna wore a headscarf and black jumpsuit for a weekend photo shoot in Abu Dhabi but her presence was still considered inappropriate for the location—the world's eighth-biggest mosque. The Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque Centre says she was asked to leave after she arrived at "a gate that is not reserved for visitors" and proceeded to pose for photos in a way that failed to take "the status and sanctity of the mosque into consideration," the National reports. The singer later tweeted photos of herself striking several poses inside the mosque, including one of her lying on her back, the BBC notes.
Original Summary: Rihanna was asked to leave a mosque in Abu Dhabi after she arrived at a gate not reserved for visitors and posed for photos in a way that disrespected the sanctity of the mosque, according to the Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque Centre. The singer later tweeted photos of herself inside the mosque, including one of her lying on her back.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Rihanna wore a headscarf and black jumpsuit for a weekend photo shoot in Abu Dhabi but her presence was still considered inappropriate for the location—the world's eighth-biggest mosque. The Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque Centre says she was asked to leave after she arrived at "a gate that is not reserved for visitors" and proceeded to pose for photos in a way that failed to take "the status and sanctity of the mosque into consideration," the National reports. The singer later tweeted photos of herself striking several poses inside the mosque, including one of her lying on her back, the BBC notes. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.
Injected Summary: Rihanna was asked to leave a mosque in Abu Dhabi after she arrived at a gate not reserved for visitors and posed for photos in a way that disrespected the sanctity of the mosque, according to the Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque Centre. The singer later tweeted photos of herself inside the mosque, including one of her lying on her back.
Original Story: – A clear theme is emerging in political coverage, one that suggests a shift in thinking in DC from a probable Hillary Clinton victory to a certain Clinton victory, with the only question being how big it will be and whether the Democrats take over Congress. Examples: "With Donald Trump’s path to victory so narrow that he appears to be looking beyond the election ... the focus of the presidential race is shifting down the ballot. Democrats are making new investments in red states to help party candidates, while Republicans are focusing on salvaging their congressional majorities." Real Clear Politics. "Trump’s free fall is forcing American Action Network and its sister PAC, Congressional Leadership Fund, to also shell out millions in red-leaning districts that weren’t even in play until this month. Their suddenly urgent mission: Build a firewall to prevent a Democratic takeover of the House." Politico. "The pivot is a sign that Clinton is confident enough in her own prospects to start thinking about what comes after Nov. 8, when she'll need a friendly Senate to approve her nominees, and would like to help Democrats make inroads in the House. Her advisers feel they've made Trump as radioactive as possible, so now is the time to use him against his colleagues." NBC News. "The maneuvering speaks to the unexpected tension facing Mrs. Clinton as she hurtles toward what aides increasingly believe will be a decisive victory—a pleasant problem, for certain, but one that has nonetheless scrambled the campaign’s strategy weeks before Election Day: Should Mrs. Clinton maximize her own margin, aiming to flip as many red states as possible to run up an electoral landslide, or prioritize the party’s congressional fortunes, redirecting funds and energy down the ballot?" The New York Times. "With Clinton favored to win the presidential election in November, she and other allies are shifting their gaze to the Senate and House races that will determine whether she has a Congress that can help her advance her agenda or one that will be an intransigent roadblock, as Congress has been for President Barack Obama." Newsweek. "The GOP’s wisest course of action now, with Trump clearly headed for defeat, is to quietly concede the presidential race and spread the message that Republican voters must support their Congressional candidates to block the Clinton agenda. And with Clinton’s poor approval ratings, this is a message that could resonate with independents as well." Cliston Brown at the Observer, whose publisher is Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner. FiveThirtyEight puts Clinton's current chance of victory at 88%.
Original Summary: The political coverage is shifting from a probable Hillary Clinton victory to a certain Clinton victory, with the focus now on how big her win will be and whether the Democrats will take over Congress. Clinton's poor approval ratings and the GOP's poor performance in the presidential race have led to a shift in strategy, with Democrats investing in red states to help party candidates and Republicans focusing on salvaging their congressional majorities.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A clear theme is emerging in political coverage, one that suggests a shift in thinking in DC from a probable Hillary Clinton victory to a certain Clinton victory, with the only question being how big it will be and whether the Democrats take over Congress. Examples: "With Donald Trump’s path to victory so narrow that he appears to be looking beyond the election . the focus of the presidential race is shifting down the ballot. Democrats are making new investments in red states to help party candidates, while Republicans are focusing on salvaging their congressional majorities." Real Clear Politics. "Trump’s free fall is forcing American Action Network and its sister PAC, Congressional Leadership Fund, to also shell out millions in red-leaning districts that weren’t even in play until this month. Their suddenly urgent mission: Build a firewall to prevent a Democratic takeover of the House." Politico. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "The pivot is a sign that Clinton is confident enough in her own prospects to start thinking about what comes after Nov. 8, when she'll need a friendly Senate to approve her nominees, and would like to help Democrats make inroads in the House. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Her advisers feel they've made Trump as radioactive as possible, so now is the time to use him against his colleagues." NBC News. "The maneuvering speaks to the unexpected tension facing Mrs. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Clinton as she hurtles toward what aides increasingly believe will be a decisive victory—a pleasant problem, for certain, but one that has nonetheless scrambled the campaign’s strategy weeks before Election Day: Should Mrs. Clinton maximize her own margin, aiming to flip as many red states as possible to run up an electoral landslide, or prioritize the party’s congressional fortunes, redirecting funds and energy down the ballot. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.?" The New York Times. "With Clinton favored to win the presidential election in November, she and other allies are shifting their gaze to the Senate and House races that will determine whether she has a Congress that can help her advance her agenda or one that will be an intransigent roadblock, as Congress has been for President Barack Obama." Newsweek. "The GOP’s wisest course of action now, with Trump clearly headed for defeat, is to quietly concede the presidential race and spread the message that Republican voters must support their Congressional candidates to block the Clinton agenda. And with Clinton’s poor approval ratings, this is a message that could resonate with independents as well." Cliston Brown at the Observer, whose publisher is Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner. FiveThirtyEight puts Clinton's current chance of victory at 88%.
Injected Summary: Hillary Clinton is now seen as a certain winner of the presidential election, with the only question being the size of her victory and whether the Democrats will take control of Congress. As Clinton's prospects improve, her allies are shifting their focus to the Senate and House races, with the goal of building a Congress that can help her advance her agenda.
Original Story: – More good news for Kanye West: First, fans set up a website to raise money for him after he announced that he was $53 million in debt. And now the Philly police department is reaching out with a job offer: "We R hiring," reads the tweet. "Starting salary of $47,920; u could be debt-free by the year 3122!" The tweet is complete with a photo of West's head superimposed onto an actual city cop. The Hollywood Reporter notes that the same department tweeted in December that Star Wars spoilers should be a crime. (Leaked audio has surfaced of a not-happy West backstage at Saturday Night Live.)
Original Summary: Fans have set up a website to raise money for Kanye West after he announced he was $53 million in debt, and the Philadelphia Police Department has offered him a job with a starting salary of $47,920, which could potentially help him become debt-free by the year 3122. The department tweeted the job offer with a photo of West's head superimposed onto an image of a police officer, and the offer has generated attention on social media.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– More good news for Kanye West: First, fans set up a website to raise money for him after he announced that he was $53 million in debt. And now the Philly police department is reaching out with a job offer: "We R hiring," reads the tweet. "Starting salary of $47,920; u could be debt-free by the year 3122!" The tweet is complete with a photo of West's head superimposed onto an actual city cop. The Hollywood Reporter notes that the same department tweeted in December that Star Wars spoilers should be a crime. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. (Leaked audio has surfaced of a not-happy West backstage at Saturday Night Live.)
Injected Summary: Fans have set up a website to raise money for Kanye West after he announced he was $53 million in debt, and the Philadelphia Police Department has offered him a job with a starting salary of $47,920, which could potentially help him become debt-free by 3122. Leaked audio has surfaced of an unhappy West backstage at Saturday Night Live.
Original Story: – Sylvia Hernandez and Roel Torrez are now the proud parents of identical triplet girls, two of whom are conjoined. This means a single fertilized egg split not just once (which would form twins), but into three genetically identical triplets, though one of those splits was ultimately incomplete and the girls grew together. They were delivered by C-section at Texas' Corpus Christi Medical Center Saturday night, just a day shy of 34 weeks, each weighing 4 pounds, 11 ounces. Catalina Montserrat and her conjoined sisters Ximena Jackeline and Scarlett Juliet are a 1-in-50-million occurrence, reports the Washington Post, and though the delivery came with risks for the girls and their mother, who's been on bed rest since early April, all are reportedly doing well. "God chose us for a reason, to take care of them," Torrez tells KIII TV. "He sent us little angels for a reason, so it's a big blessing for us." Ximena and Scarlett are joined at the pelvis, but doctors say they each have their own bladder, which means the doctors won't have to separate their bodily fluids to avoid infection. But the conjoined girls will likely require months, if not years of extra care, regardless of whether they're able to be separated. Torrez says he quit his job as a painter and sandblaster to care for his wife in the final weeks of pregnancy, and the family is trying to raise $10,000 through a GoFundMe page to cover living and medical expenses. (Identical triplets born last year were conceived naturally—another rarity.)
Original Summary: Sylvia Hernandez and Roel Torrez welcomed identical triplet girls, including two conjoined sisters, at 34 weeks via C-section. The girls, Catalina Montserrat, Ximena Jackeline, and Scarlett Juliet, are a rare occurrence, with only a 1 in 50,000 chance of happening naturally.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Sylvia Hernandez and Roel Torrez are now the proud parents of identical triplet girls, two of whom are conjoined. This means a single fertilized egg split not just once (which would form twins), but into three genetically identical triplets, though one of those splits was ultimately incomplete and the girls grew together. They were delivered by C-section at Texas' Corpus Christi Medical Center Saturday night, just a day shy of 34 weeks, each weighing 4 pounds, 11 ounces. Catalina Montserrat and her conjoined sisters Ximena Jackeline and Scarlett Juliet are a 1-in-50-million occurrence, reports the Washington Post, and though the delivery came with risks for the girls and their mother, who's been on bed rest since early April, all are reportedly doing well. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "God chose us for a reason, to take care of them," Torrez tells KIII TV. "He sent us little angels for a reason, so it's a big blessing for us." Ximena and Scarlett are joined at the pelvis, but doctors say they each have their own bladder, which means the doctors won't have to separate their bodily fluids to avoid infection. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. But the conjoined girls will likely require months, if not years of extra care, regardless of whether they're able to be separated. Torrez says he quit his job as a painter and sandblaster to care for his wife in the final weeks of pregnancy, and the family is trying to raise $10,000 through a GoFundMe page to cover living and medical expenses. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. (Identical triplets born last year were conceived naturally—another rarity.). After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Sylvia Hernandez and Roel Torrez, a Texas couple, recently welcomed identical triplet girls, including two conjoined sisters, via C-section at 34 weeks. The girls, Catalina Montserrat, Ximena Jackeline, and Scarlett Juliet, are a rare occurrence, with only a 1 in 50,000 chance of happening, and will require months of extra care, regardless of whether they can be separated.
Original Story: – Jimmy Fallon once caught a lot of flak for mussing Donald Trump's hair, but now that Trump actually is president, Fallon is getting a lot more serious, Mashable reports. On Monday's Tonight Show, Fallon addressed the violence in Charlottesville, Va., leading to the deaths of Heather Heyer and two state troopers, and specifically called out the commander in chief for his reaction. "Even though the Tonight Show isn't a political show, it's my responsibility to stand up against intolerance and extremism as a human being," Fallon said. He called what he witnessed on the news "disgusting" and said he was "sick to my stomach" to see the white supremacists on display, adding that he wondered how he could ever explain such a thing to his 2- and 4-year-old daughters. "As kids grow up, they need people to look up to," he said, adding: "They need leaders who appeal to the best in us." Trump fell short of that bar for Fallon, who noted, "The fact that it took the president two days to come out and clearly denounce racists and white supremacists is shameful." Fallon also paid tribute to Heyer, and implored people to "acknowledge that racism exists and stand up for what is right, civil, and kind. ... We can't go backward." His words here. (Fallon isn't the only one blasting Trump.)
Original Summary: Jimmy Fallon criticized President Trump's slow response to the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, during a recent episode of The Tonight Show. Fallon called out the president for failing to clearly denounce racism and white supremacy, and expressed concern about how he would explain such actions to his young daughters.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Jimmy Fallon once caught a lot of flak for mussing Donald Trump's hair, but now that Trump actually is president, Fallon is getting a lot more serious, Mashable reports. On Monday's Tonight Show, Fallon addressed the violence in Charlottesville, Va., leading to the deaths of Heather Heyer and two state troopers, and specifically called out the commander in chief for his reaction. "Even though the Tonight Show isn't a political show, it's my responsibility to stand up against intolerance and extremism as a human being," Fallon said. He called what he witnessed on the news "disgusting" and said he was "sick to my stomach" to see the white supremacists on display, adding that he wondered how he could ever explain such a thing to his 2- and 4-year-old daughters. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "As kids grow up, they need people to look up to," he said, adding: "They need leaders who appeal to the best in us. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." Trump fell short of that bar for Fallon, who noted, "The fact that it took the president two days to come out and clearly denounce racists and white supremacists is shameful. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." Fallon also paid tribute to Heyer, and implored people to "acknowledge that racism exists and stand up for what is right, civil, and kind. . We can't go backward." His words here. (Fallon isn't the only one blasting Trump.)
Injected Summary: Jimmy Fallon criticized President Trump's slow response to the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, on his show "The Tonight Show," saying that it was "disgusting" and "sickening" to see white supremacists and that the president fell short of the bar for leadership. Fallon also paid tribute to Heather Heyer and implored people to stand up against racism and discrimination.
Original Story: – The Huffington Post will soon be without its namesake. Arianna Huffington is leaving the site she founded 11 years ago, reports the Wall Street Journal. The 66-year-old says she will devote all her time to a new health venture, Thrive Global, that launches in November. (Huffington of late has become a champion of the benefits of a good night's sleep.) Her role at the Huffington Post had been uncertain after Verizon bought parent AOL last year for $4.4 billion. “I really thought I could do both, but as we started building it up, I realized that it really needed my full attention,” she tells the Journal, referring to Thrive Global. “It is important to know when one door closes and another opens and I felt that moment had arrived.” Making matters more complicated was Verizon's recent purchase of Yahoo, which does some of the same kind of work as HuffPo, notes CNNMoney. It quotes a former editor as saying that the Yahoo deal in particular made Huffington's departure "inevitable."
Original Summary: Arianna Huffington is leaving The Huffington Post, which she founded 11 years ago, to devote her time to a new health venture, Thrive Global, which launches in November. She has become a champion of the benefits of good sleep and realized that her role at Huffington Post was uncertain after Verizon bought the site's parent company AOL last year and purchased Yahoo, which does similar work.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Huffington Post will soon be without its namesake. Arianna Huffington is leaving the site she founded 11 years ago, reports the Wall Street Journal. The 66-year-old says she will devote all her time to a new health venture, Thrive Global, that launches in November. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. (Huffington of late has become a champion of the benefits of a good night's sleep.) Her role at the Huffington Post had been uncertain after Verizon bought parent AOL last year for $4.4 billion. “I really thought I could do both, but as we started building it up, I realized that it really needed my full attention,” she tells the Journal, referring to Thrive Global. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. “It is important to know when one door closes and another opens and I felt that moment had arrived.” Making matters more complicated was Verizon's recent purchase of Yahoo, which does some of the same kind of work as HuffPo, notes CNNMoney. It quotes a former editor as saying that the Yahoo deal in particular made Huffington's departure "inevitable."
Injected Summary: Arianna Huffington is leaving The Huffington Post to focus on her new health venture, Thrive Global, which launches in November. She founded the site 11 years ago but has realized that it requires her full attention, especially with Verizon's recent purchase of Yahoo, which overlaps with HuffPo's work.
Original Story: – A social studies teacher from Maine was arrested on domestic violence charges last month—while wearing a "Stop Domestic Violence" T-shirt, the Bangor Daily News reports. Jezebel refers to this as the "bad kind of irony." Police say 38-year-old Emily Wilson was arguing with her husband in their bedroom—she believed he was having an affair—when she waved a gun around before firing it into their mattress. She also allegedly grabbed her husband's wrist. According to the Smoking Gun, Wilson's husband called 911 and she was arrested. She's been charged with domestic violence, reckless conduct with a dangerous weapon, and domestic violence assault. She faces up to five years in prison and a $5,000 fine. Should have listened to the shirt.
Original Summary: A Maine social studies teacher, Emily Wilson, was arrested for domestic violence while wearing a "Stop Domestic Violence" T-shirt after allegedly waving a gun around and firing it into her mattress during an argument with her husband, who she believed was having an affair. Wilson has been charged with domestic violence, reckless conduct with a dangerous weapon, and domestic violence assault and faces up to five years in prison and a $5,000 fine.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A social studies teacher from Maine was arrested on domestic violence charges last month—while wearing a "Stop Domestic Violence" T-shirt, the Bangor Daily News reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Jezebel refers to this as the "bad kind of irony." Police say 38-year-old Emily Wilson was arguing with her husband in their bedroom—she believed he was having an affair—when she waved a gun around before firing it into their mattress. She also allegedly grabbed her husband's wrist. According to the Smoking Gun, Wilson's husband called 911 and she was arrested. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. She's been charged with domestic violence, reckless conduct with a dangerous weapon, and domestic violence assault. She faces up to five years in prison and a $5,000 fine. Should have listened to the shirt.
Injected Summary: A social studies teacher from Maine, Emily Wilson, was arrested for domestic violence while wearing a "Stop Domestic Violence" T-shirt after allegedly waving a gun around and firing it into her mattress during an argument with her husband, who she believed was having an affair. Wilson has been charged with domestic violence, reckless conduct with a dangerous weapon, and domestic violence assault, and faces up to five years in prison and a $5,000 fine.
Original Story: – Mark Zuckerberg has somehow found the time to pick up some pretty impressive language skills: The Facebook CEO amazed a crowd at Beijing's Tsinghua University yesterday by conducting a 30-minute Q&A session in Mandarin Chinese, reports MarketWatch. In his first public Q&A in the language, "we discussed connecting the world, Internet.org, innovation, and the early days of Facebook," Zuckerberg says in a Facebook post. So just how good is Zuckerberg's Mandarin? His vocabulary is definitely impressive, though his pronunciation needs work—at one point, he used the wrong tone (there are four) and said Facebook had 11 mobile users instead of 1 billion, according to Quartz. At Foreign Policy, Isaac Stone Fish, himself a "rusty" Mandarin speaker, was a bit harsher: "I'd put it roughly at the level of someone who studied for two years in college, which means he can communicate like an articulate 7-year-old with a mouth full of marbles." Still, as tech writer Farhad Manjoo tweeted, "He learned Mandarin while running a company. You spent your day on Facebook." Zuckerberg told the audience that he learned the language because he wants to speak with his in-laws in their own language, he wants to study Chinese culture, and he relishes the challenge. Wired notes that Zuckerberg faces another challenge where Mandarin could be useful: trying to get Facebook unbanned in China. (In other Facebook news, a court has ruled that a message sent via the site isn't the right way to tell your ex he'll be a dad.)
Original Summary: Mark Zuckerberg surprised a crowd in Beijing by conducting a 30-minute Q&A session in Mandarin Chinese, despite his limited proficiency in the language. Zuckerberg's vocabulary is impressive, but his pronunciation needs work, with mistakes including using the wrong tone and saying Facebook had 11 mobile users instead of 1 billion.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Mark Zuckerberg has somehow found the time to pick up some pretty impressive language skills: The Facebook CEO amazed a crowd at Beijing's Tsinghua University yesterday by conducting a 30-minute Q&A session in Mandarin Chinese, reports MarketWatch. In his first public Q&A in the language, "we discussed connecting the world, Internet. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.org, innovation, and the early days of Facebook," Zuckerberg says in a Facebook post. So just how good is Zuckerberg's Mandarin? His vocabulary is definitely impressive, though his pronunciation needs work—at one point, he used the wrong tone (there are four) and said Facebook had 11 mobile users instead of 1 billion, according to Quartz. At Foreign Policy, Isaac Stone Fish, himself a "rusty" Mandarin speaker, was a bit harsher: "I'd put it roughly at the level of someone who studied for two years in college, which means he can communicate like an articulate 7-year-old with a mouth full of marbles." Still, as tech writer Farhad Manjoo tweeted, "He learned Mandarin while running a company. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. You spent your day on Facebook." Zuckerberg told the audience that he learned the language because he wants to speak with his in-laws in their own language, he wants to study Chinese culture, and he relishes the challenge. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Wired notes that Zuckerberg faces another challenge where Mandarin could be useful: trying to get Facebook unbanned in China. (In other Facebook news, a court has ruled that a message sent via the site isn't the right way to tell your ex he'll be a dad. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.)
Injected Summary: Mark Zuckerberg surprised a crowd in Beijing by conducting a 30-minute Q&A session in Mandarin Chinese, discussing topics such as connecting the world, innovation, and the early days of Facebook. Despite some pronunciation errors, Zuckerberg's vocabulary was impressive, and he learned the language to communicate with his in-laws and study Chinese culture.
Original Story: – A striking photo is going viral because it shows a group of women turning their backs on Hillary Clinton. But these folks are, in fact, Clinton supporters—it's just that they're all trying to take selfies with the candidate, explains BuzzFeed. The photo was taken by campaign photographer Barbara Kinney at an event in Orlando, Florida, and it went viral after being shared on Twitter by campaign staffer Victor Ng with the caption, "2016, ya'll." The Telegraph says it "captures perfectly the age of the selfie," while a headline at CNET waxes that it expresses "what we've become."
Original Summary: A viral photo shows a group of women turning their backs on Hillary Clinton, but they are actually Clinton supporters trying to take selfies with her. The photo, taken by campaign photographer Barbara Kinney, has been shared widely on social media, with some outlets calling it a symbol of the selfie culture and the 2016 election.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A striking photo is going viral because it shows a group of women turning their backs on Hillary Clinton. But these folks are, in fact, Clinton supporters—it's just that they're all trying to take selfies with the candidate, explains BuzzFeed. The photo was taken by campaign photographer Barbara Kinney at an event in Orlando, Florida, and it went viral after being shared on Twitter by campaign staffer Victor Ng with the caption, "2016, ya'll. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." The Telegraph says it "captures perfectly the age of the selfie," while a headline at CNET waxes that it expresses "what we've become."
Injected Summary: A photo of women turning their backs on Hillary Clinton has gone viral, but they are actually Clinton supporters trying to take selfies with her. The photo was taken at an event in Orlando, Florida, and has been shared on Twitter with a caption highlighting the selfie culture of 2016.
Original Story: – "Sunlight is the best disinfectant," said Bill Maher earlier this week in a New York Times interview in which he took some credit for triggering the downfall of Milo Yiannopoulos, whose Friday night appearance on Maher's HBO show brought the host an avalanche of criticism. Now, some sunlight is streaming Maher's way, courtesy of Mediaite, which resurfaced a video from 1998 in which Maher himself speaks favorably about an instance of pedophilia. As Mediaite reports, the then-host of Politically Incorrect on ABC was discussing the case of Mary Kay Letourneau, the Seattle teacher who went to prison after becoming pregnant by a 12-year-old student. A key line: "She is in jail because she is in love. That’s how I view it." He continued, saying he will admit "that it's unorthodox," per the Washington Post. But "they're keeping the mother in jail because she won’t conform to what society feels should be the perfect American family." And he really continued: Mediaite reports he commented on the case as recently as 2007, when he told Playboy, "I'm the only guy I’ve ever heard who defends Mary Kay Letourneau." He also referenced the similar case of Debra LaFave, which involved a 14-year-old student, saying: "The crime is that we didn’t get it on videotape. Was he being taken advantage of? I wish I had been taken advantage of like that. What a memory she gave him!" USA Today observes that "defending the seemingly indefensible was one of Maher's comic themes ... on Politically Incorrect." Maher has yet to comment.
Original Summary: Bill Maher is facing backlash after a resurfaced video from 1998 showed him defending a teacher who became pregnant by a 12-year-old student, saying she was "in jail because she is in love" and that society's standards are "unorthodox." Maher has since faced criticism for his past comments on the matter, with some calling them "indefensible."
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– "Sunlight is the best disinfectant," said Bill Maher earlier this week in a New York Times interview in which he took some credit for triggering the downfall of Milo Yiannopoulos, whose Friday night appearance on Maher's HBO show brought the host an avalanche of criticism. Now, some sunlight is streaming Maher's way, courtesy of Mediaite, which resurfaced a video from 1998 in which Maher himself speaks favorably about an instance of pedophilia. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. As Mediaite reports, the then-host of Politically Incorrect on ABC was discussing the case of Mary Kay Letourneau, the Seattle teacher who went to prison after becoming pregnant by a 12-year-old student. A key line: "She is in jail because she is in love. That’s how I view it." He continued, saying he will admit "that it's unorthodox," per the Washington Post. But "they're keeping the mother in jail because she won’t conform to what society feels should be the perfect American family." And he really continued: Mediaite reports he commented on the case as recently as 2007, when he told Playboy, "I'm the only guy I’ve ever heard who defends Mary Kay Letourneau." He also referenced the similar case of Debra LaFave, which involved a 14-year-old student, saying: "The crime is that we didn’t get it on videotape. Was he being taken advantage of? I wish I had been taken advantage of like that. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. What a memory she gave him!" USA Today observes that "defending the seemingly indefensible was one of Maher's comic themes . Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. on Politically Incorrect." Maher has yet to comment. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Bill Maher is facing backlash after a resurfaced video from 1998 showed him defending a teacher who became pregnant by a 12-year-old student, saying he views the case as one of "unorthodox love." Maher has a history of defending controversial figures and topics on his show, including the teacher, and has yet to comment on the recent resurfacing of the video.
Original Story: – He's not called "one of the most powerful people in sports" for nothing: FIFA has re-elected longtime president Sepp Blatter to another term despite a massive corruption scandal that has resulted in the arrests of several top aides, reports the AP. The 79-year-old didn't win on the first ballot in Zurich, but his challenger conceded ahead of the runoff because he was on track toward certain defeat. Blatter has led the world soccer body since 1998. "We don't need revolutions but we always need evolutions," he told the group's congress before the vote, reports Bloomberg. "I am being held accountable for the current storm. So be it, I will shoulder that responsibility. I will fix FIFA together with you. We need to recover our good name and we'll start tomorrow morning." Click for background on the scandal.
Original Summary: Sepp Blatter has been re-elected as FIFA president despite a corruption scandal that has led to the arrests of several top aides. Blatter has led the organization since 1998 and has promised to "fix" FIFA and restore its good name.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– He's not called "one of the most powerful people in sports" for nothing: FIFA has re-elected longtime president Sepp Blatter to another term despite a massive corruption scandal that has resulted in the arrests of several top aides, reports the AP. The 79-year-old didn't win on the first ballot in Zurich, but his challenger conceded ahead of the runoff because he was on track toward certain defeat. Blatter has led the world soccer body since 1998. "We don't need revolutions but we always need evolutions," he told the group's congress before the vote, reports Bloomberg. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "I am being held accountable for the current storm. So be it, I will shoulder that responsibility. I will fix FIFA together with you. We need to recover our good name and we'll start tomorrow morning." Click for background on the scandal. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: Sepp Blatter has been re-elected as FIFA president despite a corruption scandal that has led to the arrests of several top aides. Blatter has led the organization since 1998 and has promised to "fix FIFA" and restore its good name.
Original Story: – A white Toledo woman was hit with charges including ethnic intimidation Monday after allegedly spray-painting "Hail Trump," "N--- keep out," and a swastika across the front of her black neighbor's home over the weekend. Patricia Edelen, 47, pleaded not guilty; she was ordered not to have any contact with the victim, who is in the process of selling the house. The incident went viral after Monica Davis, the victim's realtor, posted a video on social media showing the vandalism, which took place less than three miles away from the location where, mere hours later, the Ohio city's annual African American Parade would be kicking off. Davis called for the video to go viral, and it did: Soon, community members were at the house, power washing and scrubbing away the spray-painted words, the Toledo Blade reports. "This morning we had a great time celebrating our community’s diversity at the African American Festival parade. At the same time, a family in our community experienced a hate crime," Mayor Wade Kapszukiewicz posted on Facebook on Saturday. But since the alleged crime does not meet the federal standards for a hate crime, the ethnic intimidation charge was filed, which increases the severity of the other misdemeanor charges Edelen is facing—criminal mischief, criminal damaging, and obstructing official business. Police tell the Washington Post the charge is rarely used. A neighbor caught Edelen on video allegedly vandalizing the home, and police used the recording to identify her, ABC 13 reports. They had to force their way into her house to arrest her Saturday night after she refused to allow them in. "I have never been more dismayed and [then] more proud of Toledo than today," a resident posted Saturday along with pictures of the clean-up.
Original Summary: A white woman in Toledo, Ohio, was charged with ethnic intimidation and other crimes after she spray-painted offensive messages, including "Hail Trump" and a swastika, on the front of her black neighbor's home. Community members came together to clean up the vandalism after it went viral on social media, and the incident has sparked calls for greater action against hate crimes in the city.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A white Toledo woman was hit with charges including ethnic intimidation Monday after allegedly spray-painting "Hail Trump," "N--- keep out," and a swastika across the front of her black neighbor's home over the weekend. Patricia Edelen, 47, pleaded not guilty; she was ordered not to have any contact with the victim, who is in the process of selling the house. The incident went viral after Monica Davis, the victim's realtor, posted a video on social media showing the vandalism, which took place less than three miles away from the location where, mere hours later, the Ohio city's annual African American Parade would be kicking off. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Davis called for the video to go viral, and it did: Soon, community members were at the house, power washing and scrubbing away the spray-painted words, the Toledo Blade reports. "This morning we had a great time celebrating our community’s diversity at the African American Festival parade. At the same time, a family in our community experienced a hate crime," Mayor Wade Kapszukiewicz posted on Facebook on Saturday. But since the alleged crime does not meet the federal standards for a hate crime, the ethnic intimidation charge was filed, which increases the severity of the other misdemeanor charges Edelen is facing—criminal mischief, criminal damaging, and obstructing official business. Police tell the Washington Post the charge is rarely used. A neighbor caught Edelen on video allegedly vandalizing the home, and police used the recording to identify her, ABC 13 reports. They had to force their way into her house to arrest her Saturday night after she refused to allow them in. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "I have never been more dismayed and [then] more proud of Toledo than today," a resident posted Saturday along with pictures of the clean-up. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: A white woman in Toledo, Ohio, was charged with ethnic intimidation and other crimes after she spray-painted offensive messages, including "Hail Trump" and a swastika, on the front of her black neighbor's home. Community members came together to clean up the vandalism after it went viral on social media, and the incident sparked a larger conversation about hate crimes and diversity in the city.
Original Story: – If the American electorate ever actually throws the bastards behind the shutdown out, at least one career legislator has a plan B in place. Sen. Barbara Mikulski, the Maryland Democrat who's the Senate's longest-serving woman, is also the published author of a pair of novels, notes Roll Call in a look at the little-known tomes. Written in the 1990s, after she was elected to the Senate but before she was any kind of a legislative heavyweight, Capitol Offense and Capitol Venture feature—what else?—a crime-fighting woman senator, though Mikulski has said that her heroine isn't really autobiographical. To wit, the fictitious Sen. Norrie Gorzack represents Pennsylvania and she practically towers over the 4-foot-11 Mikulski: “She’s 5-feet-4,” Mikulski says. “I’ve always wanted to be 5-feet-4.” But Gorzack, who is appointed to finish the term of a senator who dies, does impart her thoughts on being a member of the Senate (something Mikulski is more than familiar with: she's served since 1987), and takes up the issue of MIA soldiers. Meanwhile, adds the Hill, Mikulski raised a few eyebrows for a completely different reason last week when she called supporters of Ted Cruz "Tea Baggers."
Original Summary: Sen. Barbara Mikulski has written and published two novels, "Capitol Offense" and "Capitol Venture," which feature a crime-fighting woman senator named Sen. Norrie Gorzack. Despite the fictional character's height advantage over Mikulski, Gorzack's thoughts on being a member of the Senate and her efforts to address the issue of MIA soldiers are similar to Mikulski's own experiences and views.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– If the American electorate ever actually throws the bastards behind the shutdown out, at least one career legislator has a plan B in place. Sen. Barbara Mikulski, the Maryland Democrat who's the Senate's longest-serving woman, is also the published author of a pair of novels, notes Roll Call in a look at the little-known tomes. Written in the 1990s, after she was elected to the Senate but before she was any kind of a legislative heavyweight, Capitol Offense and Capitol Venture feature—what else?. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.—a crime-fighting woman senator, though Mikulski has said that her heroine isn't really autobiographical. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. To wit, the fictitious Sen. Norrie Gorzack represents Pennsylvania and she practically towers over the 4-foot-11 Mikulski: “She’s 5-feet-4,” Mikulski says. “I’ve always wanted to be 5-feet-4.” But Gorzack, who is appointed to finish the term of a senator who dies, does impart her thoughts on being a member of the Senate (something Mikulski is more than familiar with: she's served since 1987), and takes up the issue of MIA soldiers. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Meanwhile, adds the Hill, Mikulski raised a few eyebrows for a completely different reason last week when she called supporters of Ted Cruz "Tea Baggers."
Injected Summary: Senator Barbara Mikulski has written a pair of novels, "Capitol Offense" and "Capitol Venture," which were published in the 1990s before she became a legislative heavyweight. The novels feature a crime-fighting woman senator named Sen. Norrie Gorzack, who is taller than Mikulski and takes up the issue of MIA soldiers, while Mikulski has raised eyebrows with her own comments on political supporters.
Original Story: – Once upon a time, an entire year ago, the Onion was a quaint, weekly newspaper, publishing only the very best fake news. Lately, that's all changed. Readers may have noticed the site getting a lot more biting, a lot more timely, and, to some Slate columnists, a lot less funny. "What happened to the Onion? Two words: The Internet," Farhad Manjoo observes. Last year the editorial staff was moved from New York to Chicago, and many quit. At the same time, the site went "digital first." "In every way that matters, the people who produce the Onion now think of it as a website, not a paper." That's meant more stories written more quickly, and an emphasis on stories with viral potential—which Manjoo thinks has led to pieces like this ultra-popular column that are "a little scoldy, oversmart, and lacking in much nuance." Then again, "the model that sustained the Onion for decades is simply unworkable in today’s grinding, instant-reaction age. If the Onion published just 20 jokes once a week in 2013, nobody would read it. It would be far too little and always too late." Click for his full column.
Original Summary: The Onion, a satirical news organization, has undergone significant changes in recent years, including the move of its editorial staff from New York to Chicago and a shift towards a digital-first approach. This shift has resulted in more rapid-fire content with a focus on viral potential, which some critics argue has led to a decline in the site's quality and nuance.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Once upon a time, an entire year ago, the Onion was a quaint, weekly newspaper, publishing only the very best fake news. Lately, that's all changed. Readers may have noticed the site getting a lot more biting, a lot more timely, and, to some Slate columnists, a lot less funny. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "What happened to the Onion? Two words: The Internet," Farhad Manjoo observes. Last year the editorial staff was moved from New York to Chicago, and many quit. At the same time, the site went "digital first." "In every way that matters, the people who produce the Onion now think of it as a website, not a paper." That's meant more stories written more quickly, and an emphasis on stories with viral potential—which Manjoo thinks has led to pieces like this ultra-popular column that are "a little scoldy, oversmart, and lacking in much nuance." Then again, "the model that sustained the Onion for decades is simply unworkable in today’s grinding, instant-reaction age. If the Onion published just 20 jokes once a week in 2013, nobody would read it. It would be far too little and always too late. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." Click for his full column.
Injected Summary: The Onion, a satirical news organization, has undergone significant changes in recent years, including a move from a weekly newspaper to a digital-first approach and a focus on more timely and viral content. This shift has led to a decrease in the quality and nuance of the content, according to Farhad Manjoo, with pieces becoming more "scoldy" and "oversmart."
Original Story: – Karen Finley's upcoming exhibit at the New Museum in New York City is ... unique. As part of "Sext Me if You Can," Finley wants men and women to send her illicit texts and photos, which she will then turn into works of art. The images she creates will hang in the museum from May 23-26, and participants will then take home one of the pieces they inspired. Prices range from $200 for a work on paper to $500 for a large oil canvas. Those who participate will show up for a private 10-minute sitting, during which they will be provided with a phone number and commence texting. "That's right, a legendary New York provocateur will translate your nudie pic or lewd words into paint," writes Priscilla Frank at the Huffington Post. The New Museum's take is a little more restrained: "Through this process, the erotic exchange with the artist—bound by rules of commerce—transforms into a lasting and collectible work of art." Finley famously had an NEA grant revoked in the 1990s after critics derided her work as obscene.
Original Summary: Karen Finley's upcoming exhibit at the New Museum in New York City, titled "Sext Me if You Can," involves creating works of art from illicit texts and photos sent by men and women. Participants will receive a piece of art in exchange for a 10-minute sitting during which they will be provided with a phone number to send explicit content.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Karen Finley's upcoming exhibit at the New Museum in New York City is . Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. unique. As part of "Sext Me if You Can," Finley wants men and women to send her illicit texts and photos, which she will then turn into works of art. The images she creates will hang in the museum from May 23-26, and participants will then take home one of the pieces they inspired. Prices range from $200 for a work on paper to $500 for a large oil canvas. Those who participate will show up for a private 10-minute sitting, during which they will be provided with a phone number and commence texting. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "That's right, a legendary New York provocateur will translate your nudie pic or lewd words into paint," writes Priscilla Frank at the Huffington Post. The New Museum's take is a little more restrained: "Through this process, the erotic exchange with the artist—bound by rules of commerce—transforms into a lasting and collectible work of art." Finley famously had an NEA grant revoked in the 1990s after critics derided her work as obscene.
Injected Summary: Karen Finleys upcoming exhibit at the New Museum in New York City, titled "Sext Me if You Can," involves creating artwork based on illicit texts and photos sent by men and women. Participants will be provided with a phone number and will be transformed into paintings, with prices ranging from $200 to $500.
Original Story: – If your plan for evading the police involves phoning in a bomb threat, you might want to make sure you turn off caller ID before making said threat. Jacob R. Moore of Idaho apparently forgot that little detail Friday before allegedly calling in a threat about Atlas Elementary School in Hayden, making the fugitive pretty easy for cops to pick up, KXLY reports. The North Idaho Violent Crimes Task Force was staking out Moore's house, preparing to arrest him on unrelated felony charges, when the threat was called in to the school, KREM 2 reports. As the school was evacuated and law enforcement did a sweep—and found nothing dangerous—authorities traced the caller ID to the very home the task force was observing. Authorities think Moore called in the threat to take attention away from the home, allowing him an escape route; instead, when they traced the number to the house, officers arrested him as planned. Along with the unrelated charge for which he was initially wanted, Moore, 25, faces charges of making a false bomb report at a school, obstructing an officer, and drug paraphernalia possession.
Original Summary: Jacob Moore of Idaho called in a bomb threat to an elementary school, forgetting to turn off his caller ID. Authorities traced the call to his home, where they had been staking out him on unrelated charges, and arrested him.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– If your plan for evading the police involves phoning in a bomb threat, you might want to make sure you turn off caller ID before making said threat. Jacob R. Moore of Idaho apparently forgot that little detail Friday before allegedly calling in a threat about Atlas Elementary School in Hayden, making the fugitive pretty easy for cops to pick up, KXLY reports. The North Idaho Violent Crimes Task Force was staking out Moore's house, preparing to arrest him on unrelated felony charges, when the threat was called in to the school, KREM 2 reports. As the school was evacuated and law enforcement did a sweep—and found nothing dangerous—authorities traced the caller ID to the very home the task force was observing. Authorities think Moore called in the threat to take attention away from the home, allowing him an escape route; instead, when they traced the number to the house, officers arrested him as planned. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Along with the unrelated charge for which he was initially wanted, Moore, 25, faces charges of making a false bomb report at a school, obstructing an officer, and drug paraphernalia possession. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: A man in Idaho, Jacob R. Moore, was arrested after making a bomb threat to a school in an attempt to distract law enforcement while he was being staked out for unrelated felony charges. Authorities were able to trace the caller ID to Moore's home, where they had been observing him, and arrested him as planned.
Original Story: – Excited astronomers have spotted an Earth-sized planet as close as it is possible to find one outside our solar system. The rocky planet discovered by a European team circles one of the three stars in the Alpha Centauri system, the sun's nearest neighbor at just 4.4 light years away, reports the New York Times. The planet circling Alpha Centauri B is uninhabitable, with surface temperatures of around 1,200 degrees, but scientists say the discovery suggests that there are other planets in the system, possibly capable of supporting life. "Very small planets are not rare," the new planet's discoverer says. "When you find one small planet, you find others." The Alpha Centauri system has long inspired science fiction, serving as the setting for the Transformers' homeworld and Avatar's planet Pandora, and the new discovery has led to renewed calls to send a probe there, despite the fact that it would take many centuries to get there, Wired reports. "I feel like we should drop everything and send a probe there to study the new planet and others that are likely in the system," an astronomer at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology says.
Original Summary: Astronomers have discovered an Earth-sized planet outside of our solar system, orbiting one of the three stars in the Alpha Centauri system, which is the sun's nearest neighbor at 4.4 light years away. The planet is uninhabitable with surface temperatures of around 1,200 degrees, but the discovery suggests that there may be other planets in the system capable of supporting life, and has led to renewed calls to send a probe to study the new planet and others in the system.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Excited astronomers have spotted an Earth-sized planet as close as it is possible to find one outside our solar system. The rocky planet discovered by a European team circles one of the three stars in the Alpha Centauri system, the sun's nearest neighbor at just 4.4 light years away, reports the New York Times. The planet circling Alpha Centauri B is uninhabitable, with surface temperatures of around 1,200 degrees, but scientists say the discovery suggests that there are other planets in the system, possibly capable of supporting life. "Very small planets are not rare," the new planet's discoverer says. "When you find one small planet, you find others. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." The Alpha Centauri system has long inspired science fiction, serving as the setting for the Transformers' homeworld and Avatar's planet Pandora, and the new discovery has led to renewed calls to send a probe there, despite the fact that it would take many centuries to get there, Wired reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "I feel like we should drop everything and send a probe there to study the new planet and others that are likely in the system," an astronomer at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology says.
Injected Summary: Astronomers have discovered an Earth-sized planet outside of our solar system, orbiting one of the three stars in the Alpha Centauri system, which is the sun's nearest neighbor at 4.4 light years away. The planet is uninhabitable with surface temperatures of around 1,200 degrees, but the discovery suggests that there may be other planets in the system capable of supporting life.
Original Story: – For one family who found themselves stranded in the Scottish Highlands recently, life became like something out of a movie -- a Harry Potter movie. Jon and Helen Cluett and their four young children were staying in a small cottage in the remote boggy region of Lochabar when they woke up one morning to find their canoe had been washed away in the swollen river, the Telegraph reports. Though the family had canoed to the spot for their vacation, they faced a three-mile walk over difficult terrain with young children to get back to their car. "In the end I decided the only option was to phone the police and mountain rescue, ask if they have any local knowledge that could help us out," Mr. Cluett says. Authorities made arrangements for the next train on the local line to make an unscheduled stop near the cottage. What the Cluetts didn't realize is that the train they were sending was the same one made famous in the Harry Potter movies. The Jacobite train is used for trips through the region, and was known as the Hogwarts Express in the Harry Potter movies, the BBC reports. "The kids, when they saw the steam train coming, all sadness left their little faces and was replaced by excitement and fun," Cluett says, "just the real joy of having an adventure and having the train stop right next to them." The Jacobite dropped the family off at the next stop, where Cluett was able to catch a ride to his car and then retrieve his family.
Original Summary: A family of six found themselves stranded in the Scottish Highlands after their canoe was washed away in a swollen river. They were rescued by a train made famous in the Harry Potter movies, which stopped specifically to pick them up, bringing joy and excitement to the children.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– For one family who found themselves stranded in the Scottish Highlands recently, life became like something out of a movie -- a Harry Potter movie. Jon and Helen Cluett and their four young children were staying in a small cottage in the remote boggy region of Lochabar when they woke up one morning to find their canoe had been washed away in the swollen river, the Telegraph reports. Though the family had canoed to the spot for their vacation, they faced a three-mile walk over difficult terrain with young children to get back to their car. "In the end I decided the only option was to phone the police and mountain rescue, ask if they have any local knowledge that could help us out," Mr. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Cluett says. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Authorities made arrangements for the next train on the local line to make an unscheduled stop near the cottage. What the Cluetts didn't realize is that the train they were sending was the same one made famous in the Harry Potter movies. The Jacobite train is used for trips through the region, and was known as the Hogwarts Express in the Harry Potter movies, the BBC reports. "The kids, when they saw the steam train coming, all sadness left their little faces and was replaced by excitement and fun," Cluett says, "just the real joy of having an adventure and having the train stop right next to them. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." The Jacobite dropped the family off at the next stop, where Cluett was able to catch a ride to his car and then retrieve his family. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: A family on vacation in the Scottish Highlands found themselves stranded after their canoe was washed away in a swollen river. They were rescued by a train that turned out to be the same one used in the Harry Potter movies, which brought them joy and excitement despite their initial predicament.
Original Story: – Taylor Swift won artist of the year at the American Music Awards for a record fourth time Tuesday night. She beat out Drake, Ed Sheeran, Imagine Dragons, and Post Malone at the fan-voted show. The singer, who opened up politically in an Instagram post this week, used her speech to encourage fans to vote. "I just wanted to make a mention at the fact that this award and every single award given out tonight were voted on by the people, and you know what else is voted on by the people is the midterm elections on November 6." Swift—who kicked off the ceremony with her first awards show performance in three years—also won tour of the year and favorite pop/rock album with reputation, the AP reports. Click for a full list of winners.
Original Summary: Taylor Swift won artist of the year at the American Music Awards for a record fourth time, beating out several other popular artists including Drake, Ed Sheeran, Imagine Dragons, and Post Malone. In her acceptance speech, Swift encouraged fans to vote in the upcoming midterm elections, emphasizing the importance of fan participation in shaping the future of music and society.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Taylor Swift won artist of the year at the American Music Awards for a record fourth time Tuesday night. She beat out Drake, Ed Sheeran, Imagine Dragons, and Post Malone at the fan-voted show. The singer, who opened up politically in an Instagram post this week, used her speech to encourage fans to vote. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "I just wanted to make a mention at the fact that this award and every single award given out tonight were voted on by the people, and you know what else is voted on by the people is the midterm elections on November 6." Swift—who kicked off the ceremony with her first awards show performance in three years—also won tour of the year and favorite pop/rock album with reputation, the AP reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Click for a full list of winners.
Injected Summary: Taylor Swift won artist of the year at the American Music Awards for a record fourth time, beating out several other popular artists including Drake, Ed Sheeran, Imagine Dragons, and Post Malone. In her acceptance speech, Swift encouraged fans to vote in the upcoming midterm elections on November 6, emphasizing the importance of public participation in shaping the future of society.
Original Story: – A newly released audiotape suggests that ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is OK after recent reports that he'd been injured in a US airstrike. In the 17-minute recording posted on a jihadi website, a man purported to be al-Baghdadi urges his followers to “erupt volcanoes of jihad everywhere" and to "light the earth with fire under all the tyrants and their soldiers and supporters," reports the Guardian. The State Department says it hasn't yet verified the tape's authenticity, reports ABC News, but various media accounts say it sounds very much like al-Baghdadi. One of those outlets is Reuters, which reports that the speaker in the new tape calls specifically for attacks against Saudi Arabia's rulers. He singles out the nation as the "head of the snake and stronghold of disease" and urges people to "draw their swords." The message makes reference to President Obama's announcement of more troops for Iraq, adding that US airstrikes against the Islamic State “have not prevented its advance, nor weakened its resolve.” (It doesn't, however, mention Red Bull.)
Original Summary: A newly released audiotape of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi urges followers to "erupt volcanoes of jihad everywhere" and to "light the earth with fire under all the tyrants and their soldiers and supporters." The tape, which has not been verified by the State Department, specifically calls for attacks against Saudi Arabia's rulers and references President Obama's decision to send more troops to Iraq.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A newly released audiotape suggests that ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is OK after recent reports that he'd been injured in a US airstrike. In the 17-minute recording posted on a jihadi website, a man purported to be al-Baghdadi urges his followers to “erupt volcanoes of jihad everywhere" and to "light the earth with fire under all the tyrants and their soldiers and supporters," reports the Guardian. The State Department says it hasn't yet verified the tape's authenticity, reports ABC News, but various media accounts say it sounds very much like al-Baghdadi. One of those outlets is Reuters, which reports that the speaker in the new tape calls specifically for attacks against Saudi Arabia's rulers. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. He singles out the nation as the "head of the snake and stronghold of disease" and urges people to "draw their swords. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." The message makes reference to President Obama's announcement of more troops for Iraq, adding that US airstrikes against the Islamic State “have not prevented its advance, nor weakened its resolve.” (It doesn't, however, mention Red Bull.)
Injected Summary: A newly released audiotape of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi urges his followers to launch attacks against Saudi Arabia, calling it the "head of the snake and stronghold of disease." The tape, which has not been verified by the State Department, also references President Obama's decision to send more troops to Iraq and suggests that US airstrikes have not weakened the group's resolve.
Original Story: – He's hosted the Emmys, the Tonys, and now ... the Oscars. Neil Patrick Harris gets the emcee honors for the Feb. 22 ceremony, reports Variety. Harris himself confirmed the news with a video on social media in which he crosses the job off his bucket list. Entertainment Weekly thinks it's a fine choice: "Harris is not just one of those multi-hyphenate performers who could conceivably win an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and Tony—he could also be the first to possibly score an EGOT through hosting." All he'll need after March is the Grammys' gig. (Harris recently wed his longtime male partner.)
Original Summary: Neil Patrick Harris will host the 2015 Academy Awards on February 22, confirmed by the actor himself through a social media video. Entertainment Weekly praises the choice, noting Harris's versatility as a performer and potential to become the first person to win an EGOT (Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and Tony) through hosting.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– He's hosted the Emmys, the Tonys, and now . Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. the Oscars. Neil Patrick Harris gets the emcee honors for the Feb. 22 ceremony, reports Variety. Harris himself confirmed the news with a video on social media in which he crosses the job off his bucket list. Entertainment Weekly thinks it's a fine choice: "Harris is not just one of those multi-hyphenate performers who could conceivably win an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and Tony—he could also be the first to possibly score an EGOT through hosting." All he'll need after March is the Grammys' gig. (Harris recently wed his longtime male partner.)
Injected Summary: Neil Patrick Harris will host the Oscars on February 22, confirmed by Variety and confirmed by Harris himself through a social media video. Entertainment Weekly praises Harris as a multi-talented performer who could potentially become the first to win an EGOT (Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and Tony) through hosting.
Original Story: – Today's the day: More than 1,400 Boy Scout leaders are gathered in Grapevine, Texas, to vote on allowing openly gay scouts to participate in the organization. Emotions were already running high yesterday, the New York Times reports, as dozens of protesters picketed outside the conference center with "no" signs and American flags. Today's vote will be taken by secret ballot, and it is expected to be close. NBC News has a helpful primer on the new policy (which would only allow gay scouts, not gay leaders), and what it will look like if it passes. One big point of contention: Under the proposed policy, gay Eagle Scouts would be forced to quit on their 18th birthday.
Original Summary: More than 1,400 Boy Scout leaders are gathered in Grapevine, Texas to vote on allowing openly gay scouts to participate in the organization, with emotions running high and protesters picketing outside the conference center. The vote will be taken by secret ballot and is expected to be close, with a proposed policy that would allow gay scouts but not gay leaders and force gay Eagle Scouts to quit on their 18th birthday being a point of contention.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Today's the day: More than 1,400 Boy Scout leaders are gathered in Grapevine, Texas, to vote on allowing openly gay scouts to participate in the organization. Emotions were already running high yesterday, the New York Times reports, as dozens of protesters picketed outside the conference center with "no" signs and American flags. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Today's vote will be taken by secret ballot, and it is expected to be close. NBC News has a helpful primer on the new policy (which would only allow gay scouts, not gay leaders), and what it will look like if it passes. One big point of contention: Under the proposed policy, gay Eagle Scouts would be forced to quit on their 18th birthday.
Injected Summary: More than 1,400 Boy Scout leaders are gathered in Grapevine, Texas to vote on allowing openly gay scouts to participate in the organization, with emotions running high and protesters picketing outside the conference center. The vote will be taken by secret ballot and is expected to be close, with a proposed policy that would allow gay scouts but not gay leaders and force gay Eagle Scouts to quit on their 18th birthday being a point of contention.
Original Story: – Private jet fuel is expensive, people. Luckily, Google's top execs were able to get a nice fat discount on it—via Uncle Sam. The latest government oops amounts to an unintentional $3.3 million to $5.3 million in savings over six years, per a new review by NASA's inspector general out yesterday. The backstory: Since 2007, Google has kept its fleet at a NASA-run airfield near its Mountain View, Calif., headquarters; as part of the deal allowing it to do so, it agreed to facilitate free flights for NASA related to its climate research; CNBC reports more than 200 such flights occurred. What was supposed to happen: Google execs were given the OK to buy cheaper fuel for those government-related flights. What actually happened: They were able to buy it for use on private flights as well. (The fuel payday ended Aug. 31.) The IG chalks it up to a "misunderstanding" rather than purposeful misconduct, reports Marketwatch, and the report makes clear the government didn't take a hit on the fuel it sold. Still, H211, the company that operates the planes for Sergey Brin, Larry Page, and Eric Schmidt, "nevertheless received a monetary benefit to which it was not entitled." The IG advised NASA to talk to H211 about "possible options to remedy the situation."
Original Summary: Google executives were able to obtain a discounted fuel deal for their private jets through a misunderstanding with NASA, resulting in an unintentional $3.3 million to $5.3 million savings over six years. The government did not suffer a loss on the fuel sold, but the company that operates the planes for Google's executives, H211, received a benefit to which it was not entitled, and NASA has been advised to address the situation with H211.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Private jet fuel is expensive, people. Luckily, Google's top execs were able to get a nice fat discount on it—via Uncle Sam. The latest government oops amounts to an unintentional $3.3 million to $5.3 million in savings over six years, per a new review by NASA's inspector general out yesterday. The backstory: Since 2007, Google has kept its fleet at a NASA-run airfield near its Mountain View, Calif., headquarters; as part of the deal allowing it to do so, it agreed to facilitate free flights for NASA related to its climate research; CNBC reports more than 200 such flights occurred. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. What was supposed to happen: Google execs were given the OK to buy cheaper fuel for those government-related flights. What actually happened: They were able to buy it for use on private flights as well. (The fuel payday ended Aug. 31.) The IG chalks it up to a "misunderstanding" rather than purposeful misconduct, reports Marketwatch, and the report makes clear the government didn't take a hit on the fuel it sold. Still, H211, the company that operates the planes for Sergey Brin, Larry Page, and Eric Schmidt, "nevertheless received a monetary benefit to which it was not entitled." The IG advised NASA to talk to H211 about "possible options to remedy the situation. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators."
Injected Summary: Google executives were able to purchase cheaper government-provided jet fuel for their private flights, resulting in an unintentional $3.3 million to $5.3 million discount over six years. The mistake was attributed to a misunderstanding rather than purposeful misconduct, and the government did not lose out on the fuel sold.
Original Story: – The Taliban flag is flying over the city of Kunduz in Afghanistan today after an early morning assault—the first major city captured by the group since 2001, reports the Guardian. The loss of a provincial capital is seen as a huge embarrassment to the Afghan government, but it's far more than symbolic. The city is an important regional hub for the trafficking of weapons and drugs, and its "fall poses a dire challenge to the assertion that the Afghan security forces can hold the country’s most vital cities," observes the New York Times. At the Long War Journal, Bill Roggio writes that the fall of Kunduz is sure to resonate with plenty of Americans, too. It "would invalidate the entire US 'surge' strategy from 2009 to 2012," he writes. "Today, the Taliban are gaining ground in northern, central, eastern and southern Afghanistan, with dozens of districts falling under Taliban control over the past year." Reuters, too, calls the capture "stunning," noting that the Taliban forces freed hundreds of fellow militants from prison once they took the city.
Original Summary: The Taliban has captured the city of Kunduz in Afghanistan, marking their first major city capture since 2001. The fall of Kunduz is significant as it is a major hub for drug and weapon trafficking and the loss poses a challenge to the Afghan government's ability to hold onto vital cities.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Taliban flag is flying over the city of Kunduz in Afghanistan today after an early morning assault—the first major city captured by the group since 2001, reports the Guardian. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The loss of a provincial capital is seen as a huge embarrassment to the Afghan government, but it's far more than symbolic. The city is an important regional hub for the trafficking of weapons and drugs, and its "fall poses a dire challenge to the assertion that the Afghan security forces can hold the country’s most vital cities," observes the New York Times. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. At the Long War Journal, Bill Roggio writes that the fall of Kunduz is sure to resonate with plenty of Americans, too. It "would invalidate the entire US 'surge' strategy from 2009 to 2012," he writes. "Today, the Taliban are gaining ground in northern, central, eastern and southern Afghanistan, with dozens of districts falling under Taliban control over the past year." Reuters, too, calls the capture "stunning," noting that the Taliban forces freed hundreds of fellow militants from prison once they took the city.
Injected Summary: The Taliban has captured the city of Kunduz in Afghanistan, marking their first major city capture since 2001. The fall of the city is significant as it is an important hub for drug and weapon trafficking and the loss poses a challenge to the Afghan government's ability to hold key cities.
Original Story: – Obama-era guidelines encouraging colleges to increase diversity on campus by using race as a factor in admissions will be rescinded by President Trump's administration, two sources tell the Wall Street Journal. The guidelines, published in 2011 and 2016 by the Justice and Education departments, gave legal recommendations to schools wanting to use race in admissions decisions. Trump administration officials argue that those recommendations are misleading, making it seem as if it's easier to achieve a legal form of affirmative action than it actually is. The Supreme Court has weighed the issue of affirmative action several times, most recently reaffirming it in 2016 but leaving an opening for future legal challenges. But a Justice Department official tells CNN the Obama-era guidelines "go beyond or are inconsistent with the Constitution and federal law." The head of civil rights enforcement in schools in the Obama Justice Department tells the WSJ that's not the case: "The law on this hasn’t changed, and the Supreme Court has twice ruled reaffirming the importance of diversity. This is a purely political attack that benefits nobody." A formal announcement of the move, which is being decried by civil rights groups, is expected soon, the AP reports. It comes as a lawsuit against Harvard University is making its way through the courts; filed in 2014, the suit alleges Harvard discriminates against Asian-American applicants by holding them to higher standards and limiting the number it admits. With the retirement of Justice Anthony Kennedy, who has ruled to uphold affirmative action, conservatives are seeing "a fresh opening to end affirmative action through a changing Supreme Court," per Politico.
Original Summary: The Trump administration plans to rescind Obama-era guidelines that encouraged colleges to increase diversity on campus by using race as a factor in admissions. The guidelines, which were published in 2011 and 2016 by the Justice and Education departments, are being criticized by civil rights groups and the head of civil rights enforcement in schools in the Obama Justice Department, who argue that the move is a political attack that benefits nobody.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Obama-era guidelines encouraging colleges to increase diversity on campus by using race as a factor in admissions will be rescinded by President Trump's administration, two sources tell the Wall Street Journal. The guidelines, published in 2011 and 2016 by the Justice and Education departments, gave legal recommendations to schools wanting to use race in admissions decisions. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Trump administration officials argue that those recommendations are misleading, making it seem as if it's easier to achieve a legal form of affirmative action than it actually is. The Supreme Court has weighed the issue of affirmative action several times, most recently reaffirming it in 2016 but leaving an opening for future legal challenges. But a Justice Department official tells CNN the Obama-era guidelines "go beyond or are inconsistent with the Constitution and federal law. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." The head of civil rights enforcement in schools in the Obama Justice Department tells the WSJ that's not the case: "The law on this hasn’t changed, and the Supreme Court has twice ruled reaffirming the importance of diversity. This is a purely political attack that benefits nobody." A formal announcement of the move, which is being decried by civil rights groups, is expected soon, the AP reports. It comes as a lawsuit against Harvard University is making its way through the courts; filed in 2014, the suit alleges Harvard discriminates against Asian-American applicants by holding them to higher standards and limiting the number it admits. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. With the retirement of Justice Anthony Kennedy, who has ruled to uphold affirmative action, conservatives are seeing "a fresh opening to end affirmative action through a changing Supreme Court," per Politico.
Injected Summary: The Trump administration plans to rescind Obama-era guidelines that encouraged colleges to increase diversity on campus by using race as a factor in admissions. The guidelines, which were published in 2011 and 2016, were seen as legal recommendations but are now being argued as misleading and inconsistent with the Constitution and federal law.
Original Story: – Chicago police are on the hunt for another alleged killer, the twist this time being that they can blame the court system's red tape. Garrett Glover, 29, had been in custody, but he was released last week because of an apparent communication gaffe, reports WGN. Glover is charged in a 2012 fatal shooting, and he's supposed to be in prison on a $2 million bond until the trial. He caught a break on Thursday, however, when he appeared in court in an unrelated case, explains the Chicago Tribune. He'd been in prison since 2014 for attempted armed robbery, and he was granted early release in that case because of time served. At that point, he should have been shuttled back to prison because he still faced the murder charges, but the court never received word. The state Department of Corrections says that because it never got "documentation indicating Mr. Glover should have been retained or sent back to Cook County custody, the IDOC, by law, had to release him." The Cook County Sheriff's Office says it is trying to figure out how the mix-up happened. Glover and two other men are accused of shooting 25-year-old Larry Porter in 2012 from their vehicle as he drove on the Dan Ryan Expressway. ABC7 notes that Porter had just become a father earlier that day. "It's crazy because when the baby grows up, he's gonna have to say, 'My daddy died the same day I was born,'" a family friend tells the TV station. (The city just recorded seven murders in one day, which drew the attention of President Trump.)
Original Summary: Garrett Glover, a man accused of murder, was released from prison last week due to a communication error between the court and the Department of Corrections. Despite facing a $2 million bond, Glover was granted early release in an unrelated case and was not returned to prison, leading to his current freedom.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Chicago police are on the hunt for another alleged killer, the twist this time being that they can blame the court system's red tape. Garrett Glover, 29, had been in custody, but he was released last week because of an apparent communication gaffe, reports WGN. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Glover is charged in a 2012 fatal shooting, and he's supposed to be in prison on a $2 million bond until the trial. He caught a break on Thursday, however, when he appeared in court in an unrelated case, explains the Chicago Tribune. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. He'd been in prison since 2014 for attempted armed robbery, and he was granted early release in that case because of time served. At that point, he should have been shuttled back to prison because he still faced the murder charges, but the court never received word. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. The state Department of Corrections says that because it never got "documentation indicating Mr. Glover should have been retained or sent back to Cook County custody, the IDOC, by law, had to release him. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis." The Cook County Sheriff's Office says it is trying to figure out how the mix-up happened. Glover and two other men are accused of shooting 25-year-old Larry Porter in 2012 from their vehicle as he drove on the Dan Ryan Expressway. ABC7 notes that Porter had just become a father earlier that day. "It's crazy because when the baby grows up, he's gonna have to say, 'My daddy died the same day I was born,'" a family friend tells the TV station. (The city just recorded seven murders in one day, which drew the attention of President Trump.)
Injected Summary: Garrett Glover, a man accused of murder, was released from prison last week due to a communication error in the court system. Despite being charged with murder and having a $2 million bond, Glover was released because the court never received documentation indicating he should be retained or sent back to prison.
Original Story: – Not surprising: a 10-year-old boy proclaiming, "This is fun!" as he zips around town behind the wheel of his mom's Jeep Grand Cherokee. Even less surprising: the mom getting arrested for allegedly letting him do so. Per the Connecticut Post and Hartford Courant, that's what police say recently happened in Monroe, where locals called in to report a video on Facebook in which the boy was seen at the wheel of 38-year-old Lisa Nussbaum's car, cruising around the neighborhood while his mother apparently live-streamed from the passenger seat. Cops say the underage driver, who didn't seem to be sporting a seatbelt in the video, appeared to drive at a reasonable speed as his mother was heard offering directions. The Monroe PD says Nussbaum was arrested and charged with risk of injury or impairing morals of a minor and subsequently released, per WTNH; she's set to appear in court on Friday.
Original Summary: A 10-year-old boy was seen driving a Jeep Grand Cherokee in Monroe, Connecticut, with his mother live-streaming from the passenger seat. The mother, Lisa Nussbaum, was arrested and charged with risk of injury or impairing the morals of a minor.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Not surprising: a 10-year-old boy proclaiming, "This is fun!" as he zips around town behind the wheel of his mom's Jeep Grand Cherokee. Even less surprising: the mom getting arrested for allegedly letting him do so. Per the Connecticut Post and Hartford Courant, that's what police say recently happened in Monroe, where locals called in to report a video on Facebook in which the boy was seen at the wheel of 38-year-old Lisa Nussbaum's car, cruising around the neighborhood while his mother apparently live-streamed from the passenger seat. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Cops say the underage driver, who didn't seem to be sporting a seatbelt in the video, appeared to drive at a reasonable speed as his mother was heard offering directions. The Monroe PD says Nussbaum was arrested and charged with risk of injury or impairing morals of a minor and subsequently released, per WTNH; she's set to appear in court on Friday. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: A 10-year-old boy was seen driving his mother's Jeep Grand Cherokee in Monroe, Connecticut, while his mother live-streamed from the passenger seat. The mother, Lisa Nussbaum, was arrested and charged with risk of injury or impairing the morals of a minor.
Original Story: – A "badass" guitar designed for women is coming to market in March, Esquire notes, and female shredders have Annie Clark to thank for it. Clark, better known as alternative rocker St. Vincent, has designed a signature guitar for manufacturer Ernie Ball Music Man, and as Clark notes on Instagram, the instrument is "ergonomic, lightweight, and sleek"—and by "sleek" she means there's "room for a breast … or two." The guitar, which comes in black or "Vincent Blue" (which the artist hand-mixed herself), is made of African mahogany with a rosewood neck, has a slim and tapered waist, and weighs just over 7 pounds, per Guitar World. "For me a guitar that is not too heavy is really important because I'm not a very big person," she tells the magazine. "I can't even play a ['60s] Strat or ['70s] Les Paul. I would need to travel with a chiropractor on tour in order to play those guitars." Clark, who notes she "really had total free reign" over the design, says she was approached by Ernie Ball in the early spring of 2015 and had worked up a first prototype within a week of visiting the factory (there have been many other versions since her collaboration with Ernie Ball engineers). While creating it, she took into account how its weight would be distributed, as well as the fact that she didn’t want it to cover up what she considers to be one of a female performer's best features: her waist. In the end, though, it’s all about the music. "If you have a great instrument you're going to play better," she says. "You're going to play up to the level of the instrument because it makes it easier for you to succeed." Her first public performance with the guitar? On stage at a Taylor Swift concert with Swift and Beck.
Original Summary: St. Vincent (Annie Clark) has designed a signature guitar for manufacturer Ernie Ball Music Man, which will be released in March. The guitar is ergonomic, lightweight, and sleek, with a focus on comfort and ease of playability for female musicians.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A "badass" guitar designed for women is coming to market in March, Esquire notes, and female shredders have Annie Clark to thank for it. Clark, better known as alternative rocker St. Vincent, has designed a signature guitar for manufacturer Ernie Ball Music Man, and as Clark notes on Instagram, the instrument is "ergonomic, lightweight, and sleek"—and by "sleek" she means there's "room for a breast … or two." The guitar, which comes in black or "Vincent Blue" (which the artist hand-mixed herself), is made of African mahogany with a rosewood neck, has a slim and tapered waist, and weighs just over 7 pounds, per Guitar World. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "For me a guitar that is not too heavy is really important because I'm not a very big person," she tells the magazine. "I can't even play a ['60s] Strat or ['70s] Les Paul. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. I would need to travel with a chiropractor on tour in order to play those guitars." Clark, who notes she "really had total free reign" over the design, says she was approached by Ernie Ball in the early spring of 2015 and had worked up a first prototype within a week of visiting the factory (there have been many other versions since her collaboration with Ernie Ball engineers). While creating it, she took into account how its weight would be distributed, as well as the fact that she didn’t want it to cover up what she considers to be one of a female performer's best features: her waist. In the end, though, it’s all about the music. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "If you have a great instrument you're going to play better," she says. "You're going to play up to the level of the instrument because it makes it easier for you to succeed. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis." Her first public performance with the guitar? On stage at a Taylor Swift concert with Swift and Beck.
Injected Summary: St. Vincent, aka Annie Clark, has designed a signature guitar for Ernie Ball Music Man, which will be available in March. The guitar is ergonomic, lightweight, and sleek, with a focus on being easy to play for women, and Clark worked closely with engineers to create a design that fit her needs as a performer.
Original Story: – "We’re rapidly moving toward a day when your fingerprint, iris or face will become the only ID you’ll need for any number of transactions throughout a given day." This from the COO of Delta Air Lines, which along with JetBlue is testing facial and fingerprint-recognition technology to replace boarding passes, with an eye toward both improved security and flow of humans through crowded airports, Bloomberg reports. Delta has been testing fingerprint technology to let certain SkyMiles members enter its Sky Club lounges at Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport. Meanwhile, JetBlue is about to start its facial recognition test this month, but in a very limited capacity for people boarding flights from Boston's Logan International Airport to Aruba. Customers can opt out of JetBlue's program and don't need to register, but the process will allow JetBlue employees equipped with iPad Minis to leave the counter behind and help check in passengers, reports Business Insider. The process is straightforward: In lieu of a boarding pass, passengers are photographed; the image is sent to the US Customs and Border Protection database to be matched with a passport, visa, or immigration photo and to verify the passenger's flight details. Once cleared to board, passengers will be alerted on the screen. Delta also plans to use facial recognition to allow passengers to check bags at automated kiosks in Minneapolis/St. Paul beginning this summer. (Facial recognition tech is being hailed as both useful and problematic.)
Original Summary: Delta Air Lines and JetBlue are testing facial and fingerprint recognition technology to replace traditional boarding passes and improve security and efficiency in airports. The technology is being used to verify passengers' identities and flight details, and could potentially allow for automated bag drop-off and check-in at kiosks.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– "We’re rapidly moving toward a day when your fingerprint, iris or face will become the only ID you’ll need for any number of transactions throughout a given day. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." This from the COO of Delta Air Lines, which along with JetBlue is testing facial and fingerprint-recognition technology to replace boarding passes, with an eye toward both improved security and flow of humans through crowded airports, Bloomberg reports. Delta has been testing fingerprint technology to let certain SkyMiles members enter its Sky Club lounges at Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport. Meanwhile, JetBlue is about to start its facial recognition test this month, but in a very limited capacity for people boarding flights from Boston's Logan International Airport to Aruba. Customers can opt out of JetBlue's program and don't need to register, but the process will allow JetBlue employees equipped with iPad Minis to leave the counter behind and help check in passengers, reports Business Insider. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The process is straightforward: In lieu of a boarding pass, passengers are photographed; the image is sent to the US Customs and Border Protection database to be matched with a passport, visa, or immigration photo and to verify the passenger's flight details. Once cleared to board, passengers will be alerted on the screen. Delta also plans to use facial recognition to allow passengers to check bags at automated kiosks in Minneapolis/St. Paul beginning this summer. (Facial recognition tech is being hailed as both useful and problematic. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.). After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Delta Air Lines and JetBlue are testing facial and fingerprint recognition technology to replace boarding passes and improve security and efficiency in airports. The technology involves taking a passenger's photograph and matching it to their passport or immigration photo to verify their identity and allow them to board their flight without a physical boarding pass.
Original Story: – Scandinavian countries apparently know how to steer clear of corruption. Anti-corruption body Transparency International is out with its annual list of the least corrupt countries in the world, based on expert opinions, and Denmark, Norway, and Sweden all find a spot in the top 10. Denmark tops the list with a score of 91 out of 100, where 100 means a squeaky-clean reputation, per CNBC. The US improved its score slightly to 76 to sit at 16th, reports the Week, while Brazil saw the biggest decline, falling seven spots to 76th with a score of 38. The top 10 look pretty good in comparison. Denmark: 91 Finland: 90 Sweden: 89 New Zealand: 88 Netherlands: 87 Norway: 87 Switzerland: 86 Singapore: 85 Canada: 83 Germany: 81 Click for the full list.
Original Summary: According to Transparency International's annual list of least corrupt countries, Scandinavian countries Denmark, Norway, and Sweden rank among the top 10, with Denmark topping the list with a score of 91 out of 100. The US improved its score slightly to 76, while Brazil saw the biggest decline, falling seven spots to 76th with a score of 38.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Scandinavian countries apparently know how to steer clear of corruption. Anti-corruption body Transparency International is out with its annual list of the least corrupt countries in the world, based on expert opinions, and Denmark, Norway, and Sweden all find a spot in the top 10. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Denmark tops the list with a score of 91 out of 100, where 100 means a squeaky-clean reputation, per CNBC. The US improved its score slightly to 76 to sit at 16th, reports the Week, while Brazil saw the biggest decline, falling seven spots to 76th with a score of 38. The top 10 look pretty good in comparison. Denmark: 91 Finland: 90 Sweden: 89 New Zealand: 88 Netherlands: 87 Norway: 87 Switzerland: 86 Singapore: 85 Canada: 83 Germany: 81 Click for the full list. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: Scandinavian countries, including Denmark, Norway, and Sweden, are ranked among the least corrupt countries in the world, according to Transparency International's annual list. The top 10 countries, which also include Denmark, Finland, Sweden, New Zealand, the Netherlands, Norway, Switzerland, Canada, and Germany, have a reputation for low levels of corruption, with Denmark scoring highest at 91 out of 100.
Original Story: – Lucia nearly dies every Monday, and she does it on purpose. An undocumented immigrant, the 51-year-old isn't allowed to receive normal Medicare or Medicaid for her end-stage renal disease and waits until she's almost dead to admit herself into emergency care at Denver Health Medical Center, KDVR reports. More than 650,000 American adults have the same condition and usually receive regular kidney dialysis, but Lucia—who is keeping her last name secret over immigration concerns—holds off until she's nauseated and barely breathing to guarantee hospital admission. Then, Denver doctors take care of her under a 1986 law that prohibits hospitals from turning away anyone on the verge of death. Without functioning kidneys or regular dialysis, fluid and toxins build up dangerously in Lucia's system; she even has to measure her water intake during the week. "It's been really hard for my family," says the mother of five. "The worst is for my son. … He worries about me." A 2007 study showed it was 3.7 times pricier for a hospital to treat undocumented immigrants with emergency-only hemodialysis, per US News & World Report—and states including New York, California, and North Carolina have implemented standard dialysis treatment for them—but that changes nothing for Lucia. "I just want care to change so badly," says one of her doctors, near tears. "I can do all the research, but it's not until people actually listen … [that] access can finally change."
Original Summary: Lucia, a 51-year-old undocumented immigrant with end-stage renal disease, deliberately waits until she is near death to seek emergency care at a hospital in Denver. Despite the risks to her health, she is unable to receive regular dialysis due to her immigration status, leading to the buildup of fluid and toxins in her system.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Lucia nearly dies every Monday, and she does it on purpose. An undocumented immigrant, the 51-year-old isn't allowed to receive normal Medicare or Medicaid for her end-stage renal disease and waits until she's almost dead to admit herself into emergency care at Denver Health Medical Center, KDVR reports. More than 650,000 American adults have the same condition and usually receive regular kidney dialysis, but Lucia—who is keeping her last name secret over immigration concerns—holds off until she's nauseated and barely breathing to guarantee hospital admission. Then, Denver doctors take care of her under a 1986 law that prohibits hospitals from turning away anyone on the verge of death. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Without functioning kidneys or regular dialysis, fluid and toxins build up dangerously in Lucia's system; she even has to measure her water intake during the week. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "It's been really hard for my family," says the mother of five. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. "The worst is for my son. … He worries about me." A 2007 study showed it was 3.7 times pricier for a hospital to treat undocumented immigrants with emergency-only hemodialysis, per US News & World Report—and states including New York, California, and North Carolina have implemented standard dialysis treatment for them—but that changes nothing for Lucia. "I just want care to change so badly," says one of her doctors, near tears. "I can do all the research, but it's not until people actually listen … [that] access can finally change."
Injected Summary: Lucia, an undocumented immigrant with end-stage renal disease, deliberately waits until she is near death to seek emergency care at a hospital in Denver, where she is treated under a 1986 law that prohibits hospitals from turning away patients on the verge of death. Despite the risk to her health, Lucia's family faces the added burden of worrying about her condition, and doctors express frustration at the lack of access to proper care for undocumented immigrants like Lucia.
Original Story: – Netflix resumed production on its first—and last—Kevin Spacey-less season of House of Cards Tuesday, making up for the loss of the show's one-time star by bringing aboard not one but two Academy Award nominees, the New York Times reports. According to the Hollywood Reporter, Diane Lane and Greg Kinnear have joined the cast as siblings—though no other details about their characters are known. It will be Lane's first regular TV gig. As previously reported, the sixth and final season of House of Cards will focus on Robin Wright's Claire Underwood, wife of Spacey's Frank Underwood. Spacey was fired from the show, which went on a three-month hiatus, in October following multiple allegations of sexual misconduct. A premiere date for the final eight episodes of House of Cards hasn't been set.
Original Summary: Netflix has resumed production on the sixth and final season of House of Cards without Kevin Spacey, bringing on board Diane Lane and Greg Kinnear as Academy Award nominees to fill the void. The season will focus on Robin Wright's character, Claire Underwood, and will premiere without a set date.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Netflix resumed production on its first—and last—Kevin Spacey-less season of House of Cards Tuesday, making up for the loss of the show's one-time star by bringing aboard not one but two Academy Award nominees, the New York Times reports. According to the Hollywood Reporter, Diane Lane and Greg Kinnear have joined the cast as siblings—though no other details about their characters are known. It will be Lane's first regular TV gig. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. As previously reported, the sixth and final season of House of Cards will focus on Robin Wright's Claire Underwood, wife of Spacey's Frank Underwood. Spacey was fired from the show, which went on a three-month hiatus, in October following multiple allegations of sexual misconduct. A premiere date for the final eight episodes of House of Cards hasn't been set.
Injected Summary: Netflix has resumed production on the sixth and final season of House of Cards without Kevin Spacey, bringing on board Diane Lane and Greg Kinnear as new cast members. The season will focus on Robin Wright's character, Claire Underwood, and will premiere without a set date.
Original Story: – Autism Spectrum Disorder may be on the rise in the US, with 1 in 68 children now having the condition, according to CDC figures released today. That's a 30% increase from the 1 in 88 number recorded just two years ago, CNN reports. It also means that, according to USA Today, "virtually every grade in every elementary school has at least one child with autism." The study doesn't seek to explain the increase, though bolstered awareness is likely leading to more diagnoses. "We don't know the extent those factors explain in terms of the increase, but we clearly know they do play a role," says one CDC official. Parents are also having children later in life, which has been shown to increase the risk of autism. New Jersey's rates were particularly high, while in Alabama just 1 in 175 children is diagnosed. The study also showed that the disorder is still being diagnosed late, with the average coming at age 4, even though the disorder is detectable by age 2—or perhaps even earlier than that.
Original Summary: According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the prevalence of Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) in the US has increased by 30% in the past two years, with 1 in 68 children now diagnosed. The study suggests that increased awareness and parents having children later in life may contribute to the rise in diagnoses, but the exact reasons for the increase are not yet clear.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Autism Spectrum Disorder may be on the rise in the US, with 1 in 68 children now having the condition, according to CDC figures released today. That's a 30% increase from the 1 in 88 number recorded just two years ago, CNN reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. It also means that, according to USA Today, "virtually every grade in every elementary school has at least one child with autism." The study doesn't seek to explain the increase, though bolstered awareness is likely leading to more diagnoses. "We don't know the extent those factors explain in terms of the increase, but we clearly know they do play a role," says one CDC official. Parents are also having children later in life, which has been shown to increase the risk of autism. New Jersey's rates were particularly high, while in Alabama just 1 in 175 children is diagnosed. The study also showed that the disorder is still being diagnosed late, with the average coming at age 4, even though the disorder is detectable by age 2—or perhaps even earlier than that. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the prevalence of Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) in the US has increased by 30% in the past two years, with 1 in 68 children now diagnosed. The study does not explain the cause of the increase, but increased awareness and parents having children later in life may play a role.
Original Story: – A young social media star who inspired legions of fans with her optimism despite a lifelong battle with cystic fibrosis has died at 21—a week after receiving a new set of lungs in a transplant, reports People. Claire Wineland suffered a stroke soon after the Aug. 26 transplant, and her family took her off life support Sunday. "After a week of intensive care and various life saving procedures, it became clear that it was Claire’s time to go," says a post at the Claire's Place Foundation—an organization she set up at age 13, notes CNN. Wineland had a big following on various social media platforms, including Instagram and YouTube. She even gave a TEDx talk last year. "Life isn’t just about being happy," she said. "It’s not about how you feel second to second. It’s about what you’re making of your life and whether you can find a deep pride in who you are and what you’ve given." An Instagram post from June was typical: It catalogued a series of setbacks she had recently suffered, including the discovery of mold in her apartment, particularly dangerous given her lung ailment. But she had no regrets, even though some had warned her of the risks of moving out on her own. "You have to fight like hell to make sure that the life reflected back at you right now is one you want to be living," she wrote. "I’m not going to let myself live a life I’m resentful of," one consumed by her health issues. One of her last posts was an excited tweet on Aug. 26, upon learning the news that she'd be getting a transplant. "It's a GO!!!" she wrote. "Surgeon said they are perfect!! See y'all on (the) other side." (Cystic fibrosis patients in Canada live longer than those in the US.)
Original Summary: Claire Wineland, a young social media star who inspired millions with her optimism despite living with cystic fibrosis, died at 21 after suffering a stroke following a lung transplant. Despite her health struggles, Wineland continued to inspire others through her social media platforms, including Instagram and YouTube, and gave a TEDx talk last year, emphasizing the importance of living a life with purpose and pride.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A young social media star who inspired legions of fans with her optimism despite a lifelong battle with cystic fibrosis has died at 21—a week after receiving a new set of lungs in a transplant, reports People. Claire Wineland suffered a stroke soon after the Aug. 26 transplant, and her family took her off life support Sunday. "After a week of intensive care and various life saving procedures, it became clear that it was Claire’s time to go," says a post at the Claire's Place Foundation—an organization she set up at age 13, notes CNN. Wineland had a big following on various social media platforms, including Instagram and YouTube. She even gave a TEDx talk last year. "Life isn’t just about being happy," she said. "It’s not about how you feel second to second. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. It’s about what you’re making of your life and whether you can find a deep pride in who you are and what you’ve given." An Instagram post from June was typical: It catalogued a series of setbacks she had recently suffered, including the discovery of mold in her apartment, particularly dangerous given her lung ailment. But she had no regrets, even though some had warned her of the risks of moving out on her own. "You have to fight like hell to make sure that the life reflected back at you right now is one you want to be living," she wrote. "I’m not going to let myself live a life I’m resentful of," one consumed by her health issues. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. One of her last posts was an excited tweet on Aug. 26, upon learning the news that she'd be getting a transplant. "It's a GO!. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." she wrote. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. "Surgeon said they are perfect! See y'all on (the) other side." (Cystic fibrosis patients in Canada live longer than those in the US.)
Injected Summary: Claire Wineland, a young woman who inspired millions with her optimism despite living with cystic fibrosis, died at 21 after suffering a stroke following a lung transplant. Despite her health struggles, Wineland continued to inspire others through her social media platforms and advocacy work, leaving behind a legacy of resilience and determination.
Original Story: – This might be the worst date in Tinder history. Or the worst date in history, period. Two Brits were on a first date when the woman reportedly went to use her date's bathroom, only to soon find herself in that most terrifying situation: Her poo wouldn't flush. So she allegedly went with plan B: removing the poop, wrapping it in toilet paper, tossing it out the window, and, perhaps less explicitly, telling date Liam Smith what she just did. As Smith explains in a GoFundMe campaign (more on that in just a minute), "I was understandably concerned," but suggested they go outside, retrieve it, put it in the trash, and "pretend the whole sorry affair had never happened." But the plan was thwarted by a "design quirk" in which the bathroom window was made up of two non-opening windows—and the feces was stuck in there. And, soon, so was she. Smith's date decided to climb in head-first from the top of the window and reach to the bottom to retrieve the poo. Which, amazingly, she reportedly did. But then she found herself stuck—and ultimately had to be rescued by firefighters, who broke the window in the process. Smith took to GoFundMe in a quest to raise some of the funds needed for what he says is about a $400 replacement cost. He has nearly raised $2,500, and says the excess will be split between a charity that brings toilets to the developing world and a firefighters charity. For the skeptical, Avon Fire and Rescue service did confirm to the BBC that it rescued a woman trapped between two windows, with the Telegraph confirming the call was made regarding Smith's address at 10:41pm on Aug. 7. Smith posted photos documenting the ordeal on what Gizmodo has christened "the world's best GoFundMe." (Or is this the worst first date ever?)
Original Summary: A British woman went on a disastrous first date when she got stuck in a bathroom window after her poop wouldn't flush, and her date had to climb in head-first to retrieve it. The rescue effort was successful, but the window had to be broken by firefighters, and the couple raised money on GoFundMe for the replacement cost.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– This might be the worst date in Tinder history. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Or the worst date in history, period. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Two Brits were on a first date when the woman reportedly went to use her date's bathroom, only to soon find herself in that most terrifying situation: Her poo wouldn't flush. So she allegedly went with plan B: removing the poop, wrapping it in toilet paper, tossing it out the window, and, perhaps less explicitly, telling date Liam Smith what she just did. As Smith explains in a GoFundMe campaign (more on that in just a minute), "I was understandably concerned," but suggested they go outside, retrieve it, put it in the trash, and "pretend the whole sorry affair had never happened." But the plan was thwarted by a "design quirk" in which the bathroom window was made up of two non-opening windows—and the feces was stuck in there. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. And, soon, so was she. Smith's date decided to climb in head-first from the top of the window and reach to the bottom to retrieve the poo. Which, amazingly, she reportedly did. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. But then she found herself stuck—and ultimately had to be rescued by firefighters, who broke the window in the process. Smith took to GoFundMe in a quest to raise some of the funds needed for what he says is about a $400 replacement cost. He has nearly raised $2,500, and says the excess will be split between a charity that brings toilets to the developing world and a firefighters charity. For the skeptical, Avon Fire and Rescue service did confirm to the BBC that it rescued a woman trapped between two windows, with the Telegraph confirming the call was made regarding Smith's address at 10:41pm on Aug. 7. Smith posted photos documenting the ordeal on what Gizmodo has christened "the world's best GoFundMe." (Or is this the worst first date ever?)
Injected Summary: A woman on a first date with a man named Liam Smith found herself in a bizarre and embarrassing situation when she was unable to flush her bowel movement in the bathroom, leading her to remove it and throw it out the window. Despite Liam's efforts to retrieve the feces, the woman became stuck between two windows and had to be rescued by firefighters.
Original Story: – The 23-year-old Scottish surfer rescued Monday night after 32 hours adrift at sea says he was prepared to die as he faced the prospect of a second night spent clinging to his surfboard, the BBC reports. "I was watching the sunset, and I'd pretty much made peace with it all," the Press Association quotes Matthew Bryce as saying. Bryce was surfing Sunday morning when "relentless" winds and tides carried him out to sea. He yelled at fishing boats for help but they didn't see or hear him. His first night at sea was "incredibly lonely and quiet." "I didn't think I would see sunrise," Bryce tells the BBC. Bryce spent Monday close to passing out and falling off his board. As the sun set, Bryce says he "knew" he wasn't going to survive. That's when he was spotted by a helicopter 13 miles from the coast. "These guys were the most beautiful sight I had ever seen," Bryce says. The helicopter had been searching for Bryce for five hours, the Telegraph reports. Bryce calls everyone who joined the search for him "heroes." He's currently recovering from hypothermia and says he doesn't think he'll ever go surfing again.
Original Summary: 23-year-old Scottish surfer Matthew Bryce was rescued after 32 hours adrift at sea when he was spotted by a helicopter 13 miles from the coast. Despite facing the prospect of death, Bryce remained calm and was eventually rescued, calling the people who joined the search for him "heroes."
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The 23-year-old Scottish surfer rescued Monday night after 32 hours adrift at sea says he was prepared to die as he faced the prospect of a second night spent clinging to his surfboard, the BBC reports. "I was watching the sunset, and I'd pretty much made peace with it all," the Press Association quotes Matthew Bryce as saying. Bryce was surfing Sunday morning when "relentless" winds and tides carried him out to sea. He yelled at fishing boats for help but they didn't see or hear him. His first night at sea was "incredibly lonely and quiet." "I didn't think I would see sunrise," Bryce tells the BBC. Bryce spent Monday close to passing out and falling off his board. As the sun set, Bryce says he "knew" he wasn't going to survive. That's when he was spotted by a helicopter 13 miles from the coast. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "These guys were the most beautiful sight I had ever seen," Bryce says. The helicopter had been searching for Bryce for five hours, the Telegraph reports. Bryce calls everyone who joined the search for him "heroes. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." He's currently recovering from hypothermia and says he doesn't think he'll ever go surfing again. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: A 23-year-old Scottish surfer, Matthew Bryce, was rescued after 32 hours adrift at sea when he was spotted by a helicopter 13 miles from the coast. Despite facing the prospect of death, Bryce remained calm and focused on the Monarch butterflies that he saw, which he described as the "most beautiful sight" he had ever seen, and which gave him hope during his ordeal.
Original Story: – More than half a century after a group of beavers parachuted into the Idaho backcountry, officials have uncovered footage of the quirky wildlife management moment. The Idaho Department of Fish and Game was struggling with an overpopulation of beavers in some regions in the 1940s when wildlife managers settled on a novel idea. They captured beavers and other furry rodents, packed them into special travel boxes, attached parachutes and dropped them from a plane into the Frank Church River of No Return Wilderness. Animal lovers, take heart—it appears all the beavers made it through their flying adventures unharmed. The film made around 1950 and dubbed "Fur for the Future" showed the infamous beaver drops, but it had long been lost, Boise State Public Radio reported Thursday. Fish and Game historian Sharon Clark recently uncovered the fragile film, which had been mislabeled and stored in the wrong file. It has been digitized and released on YouTube by the department and the Idaho Historical Society. Trapping and transplanting beavers still happens today—but in less dramatic fashion. "We haven't done airplane drops for 50-plus years, but it apparently worked pretty well back then to re-establish them in remote places," said Steve Nadeau, Fish and Game's statewide fur bearer manager. The agency now moves beavers to the Owyhee desert, in the state's southwest corner, to help restore vegetation stripped away by years of watershed use. Nadeau says the goal is for beavers to make ponds in the region, which can hold water year-round.
Original Summary: In the 1940s, the Idaho Department of Fish and Game used a novel approach to manage an overpopulation of beavers in some regions by capturing them and dropping them from planes into the Frank Church River of No Return Wilderness via parachutes. The footage of this event, titled "Fur for the Future," was recently rediscovered and digitized after being mislabeled and stored in the wrong file.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– More than half a century after a group of beavers parachuted into the Idaho backcountry, officials have uncovered footage of the quirky wildlife management moment. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The Idaho Department of Fish and Game was struggling with an overpopulation of beavers in some regions in the 1940s when wildlife managers settled on a novel idea. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. They captured beavers and other furry rodents, packed them into special travel boxes, attached parachutes and dropped them from a plane into the Frank Church River of No Return Wilderness. Animal lovers, take heart—it appears all the beavers made it through their flying adventures unharmed. The film made around 1950 and dubbed "Fur for the Future" showed the infamous beaver drops, but it had long been lost, Boise State Public Radio reported Thursday. Fish and Game historian Sharon Clark recently uncovered the fragile film, which had been mislabeled and stored in the wrong file. It has been digitized and released on YouTube by the department and the Idaho Historical Society. Trapping and transplanting beavers still happens today—but in less dramatic fashion. "We haven't done airplane drops for 50-plus years, but it apparently worked pretty well back then to re-establish them in remote places," said Steve Nadeau, Fish and Game's statewide fur bearer manager. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. The agency now moves beavers to the Owyhee desert, in the state's southwest corner, to help restore vegetation stripped away by years of watershed use. Nadeau says the goal is for beavers to make ponds in the region, which can hold water year-round. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary:  parachuting them from planes. The successful operation, dubbed "Fur for the Future," was recently rediscovered after being mislabeled and stored in the wrong file. Today, the agency still transplants beavers, but in a less dramatic manner, to help restore vegetation in areas stripped of vegetation by human activities.
Original Story: – A grieving husband who lost his wife to an apparent suicide has made an emotional appeal to new moms facing postpartum depression. Florence Leung, 32, left her 2-month-old son in October and never came home, CBC reports. Her body was found several weeks later. Now, husband Kim Chen is reaching out on a Facebook page dedicated to his wife. "For all the new moms experiencing low mood or anxiety, please seek help and talk about your feelings," he writes. "You are Not alone. You are Not a bad mother." Days after Leung disappeared from her Vancouver home on Oct. 25 she was spotted on a surveillance video at a convenience store, per the Vancouver Sun. Although her car was found in a park the day after she left home, her body was not found until Nov. 17 in the waters off Vancouver Island, per the Huffington Post. Police don't suspect foul play. Chen says he and his wife were ecstatic to be parents and "everything was bliss." Then, he tells CBC, "there were challenges." His wife was anxious about breastfeeding and not sleeping well. In his Facebook post, he urges new moms, "Do not EVER feel bad or guilty about not being able to 'exclusively breastfeed', even though you may feel the pressure to do… it is OK to supplement with formula." As many as one in five new mothers suffers from some form of post-natal depression, per CNN. Although breastfeeding can halve the risk of mood and anxiety problems, the BBC reports, other research has shown a link between depression and mothers who have trouble breastfeeding. (Postpartum depression can affect men, too.)
Original Summary: A husband who lost his wife to an apparent suicide is making an emotional appeal to new moms struggling with postpartum depression, urging them to seek help and talk about their feelings. The husband's wife, Florence Leung, disappeared in October and her body was found several weeks later, with police ruling out foul play.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A grieving husband who lost his wife to an apparent suicide has made an emotional appeal to new moms facing postpartum depression. Florence Leung, 32, left her 2-month-old son in October and never came home, CBC reports. Her body was found several weeks later. Now, husband Kim Chen is reaching out on a Facebook page dedicated to his wife. "For all the new moms experiencing low mood or anxiety, please seek help and talk about your feelings," he writes. "You are Not alone. You are Not a bad mother." Days after Leung disappeared from her Vancouver home on Oct. 25 she was spotted on a surveillance video at a convenience store, per the Vancouver Sun. Although her car was found in a park the day after she left home, her body was not found until Nov. 17 in the waters off Vancouver Island, per the Huffington Post. Police don't suspect foul play. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Chen says he and his wife were ecstatic to be parents and "everything was bliss." Then, he tells CBC, "there were challenges." His wife was anxious about breastfeeding and not sleeping well. In his Facebook post, he urges new moms, "Do not EVER feel bad or guilty about not being able to 'exclusively breastfeed', even though you may feel the pressure to do… it is OK to supplement with formula." As many as one in five new mothers suffers from some form of post-natal depression, per CNN. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Although breastfeeding can halve the risk of mood and anxiety problems, the BBC reports, other research has shown a link between depression and mothers who have trouble breastfeeding. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. (Postpartum depression can affect men, too.). After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: A husband who lost his wife to an apparent suicide is urging new mothers to seek help if they are experiencing postpartum depression, emphasizing that they are not alone and not bad mothers. He shares his own experience of feeling blissful as a new parent, but then facing challenges and struggling with breastfeeding, and encourages new mothers not to feel guilty about supplementing with formula if needed.
Original Story: – A surprise move earlier this month took India's two largest bank notes out of circulation, and on Monday scattered "day of rage" protests cropped up in various cities in response to the measure, the BBC reports. Although the ban on the 500- and 1,000-rupee notes was meant to flush out so-called "black money" (stashed cash that hasn't been subject to taxes; India says only 1% of its people paid income taxes in 2013), opposition parties claim the decision was a rash one that's placed citizens in economic upheaval: The two notes made up 86% of the country's in-circulation currency. Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh calls the ban "monumental mismanagement"; earlier this month, the Guardian compared the move to "the failed experiments of dictatorships." Demonetization protests have taken place in Lucknow, Kolkata (with a reported 25,000 in attendance), and Bangalore, with the states of Kerala and Tripura experiencing a disruption of "normal life" that has brought things in some areas to a "standstill," the Indian Express reports. People's attempts to get their hands on legal currency have been described as "chaotic," per the BBC, with banks and ATMs running out of money. (This BBC article clearly explains the limits on exchanging and depositing 500- and 1,000-rupee notes, and the tax implications.) PM Narendra Modi says people should get used to non-cash ways of paying, though Deutsche Welle reports many poor people in India don't have bank accounts and are struggling to find ways to pay for food and other necessities.
Original Summary: India's surprise move to remove its two largest bank notes from circulation has led to protests and economic upheaval, with opposition parties claiming the decision was rash and placed citizens in economic hardship. The move, aimed at flushing out "black money," has resulted in chaotic attempts to exchange and deposit the banned notes, with banks and ATMs running out of money and poor people struggling to find ways to pay for basic necessities.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A surprise move earlier this month took India's two largest bank notes out of circulation, and on Monday scattered "day of rage" protests cropped up in various cities in response to the measure, the BBC reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Although the ban on the 500- and 1,000-rupee notes was meant to flush out so-called "black money" (stashed cash that hasn't been subject to taxes; India says only 1% of its people paid income taxes in 2013), opposition parties claim the decision was a rash one that's placed citizens in economic upheaval: The two notes made up 86% of the country's in-circulation currency. Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh calls the ban "monumental mismanagement"; earlier this month, the Guardian compared the move to "the failed experiments of dictatorships. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." Demonetization protests have taken place in Lucknow, Kolkata (with a reported 25,000 in attendance), and Bangalore, with the states of Kerala and Tripura experiencing a disruption of "normal life" that has brought things in some areas to a "standstill," the Indian Express reports. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. People's attempts to get their hands on legal currency have been described as "chaotic," per the BBC, with banks and ATMs running out of money. (This BBC article clearly explains the limits on exchanging and depositing 500- and 1,000-rupee notes, and the tax implications. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.) PM Narendra Modi says people should get used to non-cash ways of paying, though Deutsche Welle reports many poor people in India don't have bank accounts and are struggling to find ways to pay for food and other necessities.
Injected Summary: India's surprise move to remove two largest bank notes from circulation led to protests and economic upheaval, as the notes made up 86% of the country's in-circulation currency. Opposition parties claim the decision was rash and has placed citizens in economic hardship, while Prime Minister Narendra Modi suggests people adapt to non-cash payment methods, but many poor people in India lack bank accounts and are struggling to pay for basic necessities.
Original Story: – Another catastrophe in the Himalayas, where a sudden blizzard and a series of avalanches have killed more than 20 climbers and left dozens more missing, reports the BBC. About half the victims so far are foreigners, though no Americans are among them. The death toll in Nepal has already surpassed the 16 who were killed in an avalanche on Mount Everest in April, all of them Sherpa guides. The new victims weren't on Everest but on other mountains in the region, including Annapurna and Thorong La. Conditions are still so bad that the army had to suspend rescue operations until tomorrow, reports the New York Times. Heavy rains from a cyclone in India have drenched the nation in recent days, leading to conditions that spawned the "freak" storm, reports Reuters. The bodies of four Canadians, two Poles, and two Israelis are among those that have been recovered. An estimated 200 hikers might have been caught in the storm, which came right in the midst of peak climbing season. A Facebook page called Annapurna Nepal and Blizzard Info Share has sprung up to provide updates.
Original Summary: A sudden blizzard and series of avalanches in the Himalayas have killed over 20 climbers and left dozens more missing, with half of the victims being foreigners and no Americans among them. The death toll has already surpassed the 16 Sherpa guides killed in an avalanche on Mount Everest in April, and conditions are still bad enough that rescue operations have been suspended until tomorrow due to heavy rains from a cyclone in India.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Another catastrophe in the Himalayas, where a sudden blizzard and a series of avalanches have killed more than 20 climbers and left dozens more missing, reports the BBC. About half the victims so far are foreigners, though no Americans are among them. The death toll in Nepal has already surpassed the 16 who were killed in an avalanche on Mount Everest in April, all of them Sherpa guides. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The new victims weren't on Everest but on other mountains in the region, including Annapurna and Thorong La. Conditions are still so bad that the army had to suspend rescue operations until tomorrow, reports the New York Times. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Heavy rains from a cyclone in India have drenched the nation in recent days, leading to conditions that spawned the "freak" storm, reports Reuters. The bodies of four Canadians, two Poles, and two Israelis are among those that have been recovered. An estimated 200 hikers might have been caught in the storm, which came right in the midst of peak climbing season. A Facebook page called Annapurna Nepal and Blizzard Info Share has sprung up to provide updates.
Injected Summary: A sudden blizzard and series of avalanches in the Himalayas have killed over 20 climbers and left dozens more missing, with half of the victims being foreigners and no Americans among them. Conditions are still dangerous, leading to the suspension of rescue operations until tomorrow, and an estimated 200 hikers may have been caught in the storm during peak climbing season.
Original Story: – Britain's Daily Mail is calling it "Le Snub!": Reading much (maybe too much?) into the body language of Nicolas Sarkozy and David Cameron, it says the French president dissed the UK prime minister by blowing off Cameron's handshake at today's high-stakes European Union summit. (Britain isn't going along with the French-backed pact.) The Telegraph isn't so sure about it being a snub, noting that the men had shaken hands a bit earlier—but it's still happy to play up the video posing the question. See for yourself.
Original Summary: Nicolas Sarkozy and David Cameron's body language at a European Union summit has been interpreted as a snub, with Sarkozy blowing off Cameron's handshake. However, the Telegraph is unsure of the significance of the gesture, noting that the men had shaken hands earlier in the day.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Britain's Daily Mail is calling it "Le Snub!": Reading much (maybe too much?) into the body language of Nicolas Sarkozy and David Cameron, it says the French president dissed the UK prime minister by blowing off Cameron's handshake at today's high-stakes European Union summit. (Britain isn't going along with the French-backed pact. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.) The Telegraph isn't so sure about it being a snub, noting that the men had shaken hands a bit earlier—but it's still happy to play up the video posing the question. See for yourself.
Injected Summary: Nicolas Sarkozy and David Cameron's body language at a European Union summit has been interpreted as a snub, with Sarkozy blowing off Cameron's handshake. However, the Telegraph is unsure of the significance of the gesture, noting that the men had shaken hands earlier in the day.
Original Story: – Colin Kaepernick's collusion case against the NFL is progressing, with an unnamed league source telling ESPN that Cowboys owner Jerry Jones, Texans owner Bob McNair, Patriots owner Robert Kraft, and others are being asked to turn over cellphone records and emails. Others, including Seahawks owner Paul Allen and 49ers owner Jed York, will be deposed in the case, the source says. The owners are being involved due to public statements they made about Kaepernick or NFL players protesting. Kaepernick filed a grievance under the NFL collective bargaining agreement claiming he was deprived "of employment rights in retaliation" for his "advocacy for equality and social justice and his bringing awareness to peculiar institutions still undermining racial equality" in the US. “Every day that goes by and he doesn’t get signed is another nail in the NFL’s defense,” the Washington Post quotes Kaepernick's attorney as saying. For many sportswriters, Kaepernick's point was further proven this week when Texans rookie quarterback Deshaun Watson tore his ACL during practice and the team chose to bring in Matt McGloin and TJ Yates. "The NFL is blackballing Colin Kapernick ... for political reasons," argues Bleacher Report, which calls McGloin "some rando from the quarterback scrap heap" who "throws like a coaching assistant." For the Win states Kaepernick "would have been perfect" for the Texans offense, while Yates "is pretty much useless." But Kaepernick will need to do more than be a better quarterback than those getting gigs; he must prove teams actively conspired with each other or the league itself to keep him from getting an offer.
Original Summary: Colin Kaepernick's collusion case against the NFL is progressing with the request for cellphone records and emails from several owners, including Jerry Jones, Bob McNair, Robert Kraft, and Paul Allen, due to their public statements about Kaepernick and NFL players protesting. Kaepernick's attorney argues that every day he remains unsigned is evidence of NFL's defense, while sportswriters believe he would have been a better fit for the Texans offense than the quarterbacks currently on the roster.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Colin Kaepernick's collusion case against the NFL is progressing, with an unnamed league source telling ESPN that Cowboys owner Jerry Jones, Texans owner Bob McNair, Patriots owner Robert Kraft, and others are being asked to turn over cellphone records and emails. Others, including Seahawks owner Paul Allen and 49ers owner Jed York, will be deposed in the case, the source says. The owners are being involved due to public statements they made about Kaepernick or NFL players protesting. Kaepernick filed a grievance under the NFL collective bargaining agreement claiming he was deprived "of employment rights in retaliation" for his "advocacy for equality and social justice and his bringing awareness to peculiar institutions still undermining racial equality" in the US. “Every day that goes by and he doesn’t get signed is another nail in the NFL’s defense,” the Washington Post quotes Kaepernick's attorney as saying. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. For many sportswriters, Kaepernick's point was further proven this week when Texans rookie quarterback Deshaun Watson tore his ACL during practice and the team chose to bring in Matt McGloin and TJ Yates. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "The NFL is blackballing Colin Kapernick . Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. for political reasons," argues Bleacher Report, which calls McGloin "some rando from the quarterback scrap heap" who "throws like a coaching assistant." For the Win states Kaepernick "would have been perfect" for the Texans offense, while Yates "is pretty much useless. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis." But Kaepernick will need to do more than be a better quarterback than those getting gigs; he must prove teams actively conspired with each other or the league itself to keep him from getting an offer.
Injected Summary: Colin Kaepernick's collusion case against the NFL is progressing with the request for cellphone records and emails from several owners, including Jerry Jones, Bob McNair, and Robert Kraft, due to their public statements about Kaepernick and NFL players protesting. Kaepernick's attorney argues that the NFL is blackballing him for political reasons, while sportswriters point to the Texans' decision to bring in Matt McGloin and TJ Yates as evidence of collusion.
Original Story: – For a man more accustomed to choosing reality-TV show contestants, Donald Trump seems to have done a superb job of picking conservative-pleasing potential Supreme Court nominees. The candidate released a list of 11 possible Antonin Scalia replacements on Wednesday, and it's been praised by leading conservatives and denounced by liberals, suggesting Trump made good on his promise to let the conservative Heritage Foundation do most of the choosing for him. A roundup of coverage: The list of nominees, most of whom clerked for Scalia or other conservative SCOTUS justices, is "pretty much everything a conservative activist could hope for," writes Scott Lemieux at the Guardian. He notes that all the nominees are white and only three of them are women, but since all the current justices went to either Harvard or Yale, Trump deserves credit for including graduates of the University of Chicago, Marquette, the University of Minnesota, Duke, Washington University, Tulane, and the University of Michigan. Nan Aron, chief of the liberal Alliance for Justice, says Trump has released a "dangerous" list. It "includes some of the most extreme conservatives on the federal bench today," she tells the New York Times. "Their opinions demonstrate open hostility to Americans' rights and liberties, including reproductive justice and environmental, consumer, and worker protections. They have ruled consistently in favor of the powerful over everyone else. They would move the needle even further to the right on the Supreme Court." At the staunchly anti-Trump conservative site RedState, Leon Wolf argues that the candidate has released the list to "allay conservative fears," but anybody who believes Trump is likely to actually nominate any of them may have just fallen off the turnip truck. "Trump has lied or flip-flopped about literally everything during the course of this primary," he writes. Michigan Supreme Court Justice Joan Larsen tells the AP that her inclusion on the list came as a "complete surprise." She says she's honored to be included and would definitely be interested in serving, though she won't discuss her opinion of Trump. Another candidate, Don Willett of the Texas Supreme Court, has made numerous tweets mocking Trump, reports Reuters. In one, he jokes about "Darth Trump" building the Death Star. Another is a haiku about Trump choosing Supreme Court nominees. "Who would the Donald name to #SCOTUS? The mind reels. *weeps—can't finish tweet*" he writes.
Original Summary: Donald Trump has released a list of 11 potential Supreme Court nominees, which has been praised by conservatives and denounced by liberals. The list includes mostly white men, with only three women, and has been criticized for including judges with a history of rulings that are seen as hostile to Americans' rights and liberties.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– For a man more accustomed to choosing reality-TV show contestants, Donald Trump seems to have done a superb job of picking conservative-pleasing potential Supreme Court nominees. The candidate released a list of 11 possible Antonin Scalia replacements on Wednesday, and it's been praised by leading conservatives and denounced by liberals, suggesting Trump made good on his promise to let the conservative Heritage Foundation do most of the choosing for him. A roundup of coverage: The list of nominees, most of whom clerked for Scalia or other conservative SCOTUS justices, is "pretty much everything a conservative activist could hope for," writes Scott Lemieux at the Guardian. He notes that all the nominees are white and only three of them are women, but since all the current justices went to either Harvard or Yale, Trump deserves credit for including graduates of the University of Chicago, Marquette, the University of Minnesota, Duke, Washington University, Tulane, and the University of Michigan. Nan Aron, chief of the liberal Alliance for Justice, says Trump has released a "dangerous" list. It "includes some of the most extreme conservatives on the federal bench today," she tells the New York Times. "Their opinions demonstrate open hostility to Americans' rights and liberties, including reproductive justice and environmental, consumer, and worker protections. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. They have ruled consistently in favor of the powerful over everyone else. They would move the needle even further to the right on the Supreme Court. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." At the staunchly anti-Trump conservative site RedState, Leon Wolf argues that the candidate has released the list to "allay conservative fears," but anybody who believes Trump is likely to actually nominate any of them may have just fallen off the turnip truck. "Trump has lied or flip-flopped about literally everything during the course of this primary," he writes. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Michigan Supreme Court Justice Joan Larsen tells the AP that her inclusion on the list came as a "complete surprise." She says she's honored to be included and would definitely be interested in serving, though she won't discuss her opinion of Trump. Another candidate, Don Willett of the Texas Supreme Court, has made numerous tweets mocking Trump, reports Reuters. In one, he jokes about "Darth Trump" building the Death Star. Another is a haiku about Trump choosing Supreme Court nominees. "Who would the Donald name to #SCOTUS. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.? The mind reels. *weeps—can't finish tweet*" he writes.
Injected Summary: Donald Trump has released a list of 11 potential Supreme Court nominees, which has been praised by conservatives and denounced by liberals. The list includes mostly white men, with only three women, and has been criticized for being too conservative and hostile to Americans' rights and liberties.
Original Story: – The American flag will be raised above a reopened embassy in Havana today for the first time in more than 50 years. It's just the latest sign that US-Cuba relations have been transformed in the last 18 months, but a secret pregnancy could have derailed it all. The New York Times shares the detail in a much longer piece on the "secretive path" that got us to today, reporting on a clandestine plan that allowed a member of the so-called Cuban Five, Gerardo Hernández, to artificially inseminate his wife. He was held in California; Adriana Pérez lived in Havana, and, after the successful insemination, was now quite obviously pregnant. But she was also famous in Cuba, meaning her appearance in public would've raised suspicions. White House officials moved quickly and urged the Cuban government to keep her hidden from public view. It was a shock to Cubans when Hernández greeted a nine-months-pregnant wife, age 44, upon release. The pregnancy was hardly the only difficulty that came up during talks. As the Times puts it, "the path to a diplomatic opening was very nearly a dead end." Cubans brought up historical disagreements, stretching back to the Spanish-American War in 1898, and initially avoided mentioning human rights or US fugitives in Cuba, reports Mother Jones. But securing the release of American Alan Gross, held in Havana, as well as how to frame that release, was particularly thorny. The Times has a detailed rundown.
Original Summary: The American flag will be raised above a reopened embassy in Havana today for the first time in over 50 years, marking a significant milestone in the transformation of US-Cuba relations. However, a secret pregnancy could have derailed the progress, as a member of the Cuban Five, Gerardo Hernández, artificially inseminated his wife while in California, and she was kept hidden from public view in Havana until his release.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The American flag will be raised above a reopened embassy in Havana today for the first time in more than 50 years. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. It's just the latest sign that US-Cuba relations have been transformed in the last 18 months, but a secret pregnancy could have derailed it all. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The New York Times shares the detail in a much longer piece on the "secretive path" that got us to today, reporting on a clandestine plan that allowed a member of the so-called Cuban Five, Gerardo Hernández, to artificially inseminate his wife. He was held in California; Adriana Pérez lived in Havana, and, after the successful insemination, was now quite obviously pregnant. But she was also famous in Cuba, meaning her appearance in public would've raised suspicions. White House officials moved quickly and urged the Cuban government to keep her hidden from public view. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. It was a shock to Cubans when Hernández greeted a nine-months-pregnant wife, age 44, upon release. The pregnancy was hardly the only difficulty that came up during talks. As the Times puts it, "the path to a diplomatic opening was very nearly a dead end." Cubans brought up historical disagreements, stretching back to the Spanish-American War in 1898, and initially avoided mentioning human rights or US fugitives in Cuba, reports Mother Jones. But securing the release of American Alan Gross, held in Havana, as well as how to frame that release, was particularly thorny. The Times has a detailed rundown. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: The American flag will be raised above a reopened embassy in Havana today for the first time in over 50 years, marking a significant transformation in US-Cuba relations. However, a secret pregnancy could have derailed the progress, as a member of the Cuban Five, Gerardo Hernández, artificially inseminated his wife while in California, and she was now visibly pregnant, leading to urgent efforts by White House officials to keep her hidden from public view.
Original Story: – A "large" avalanche in Colorado yesterday morning killed the grandson of the man credited with co-founding Vail; three others sustained minor injuries, reports the Denver Post. The avalanche took place in the East Vail Chutes, which the Denver Channel describes as a "backcountry area" not affiliated with the Vail Resort that Peter Seibert opened in 1962. Authorities had warned that morning of a "considerable" avalanche threat in the region thanks to recent storms and high winds, and the Post reports that 24-year-old Tony Seibert was skiing in an area known for experiencing perilous slides. To wit, the Post says experts regard the area as one of the deadliest locations for avalanches in the entire US that can be accessed from a resort. An executive for Vail Mountain gave the following statement: " I want to acknowledge how integral the Seibert family is to the fabric of our community. ... This is an incomprehensible loss." The Denver Channel describes Tony as "a talented extreme skier who made and performed in ski videos." The Post adds that Tony Seibert's mother is employed by the Vail Ski Patrol, though it's unclear whether she was working yesterday.
Original Summary: An avalanche in Colorado's East Vail Chutes killed the grandson of Vail's co-founder, Peter Seibert, and injured three others, despite recent warnings of a "considerable" avalanche threat in the region. Tony Seibert, a talented skier and extreme athlete, was skiing in an area known for experiencing perilous slides, and his death has been described as an "incomprehensible loss" by an executive from Vail Mountain.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A "large" avalanche in Colorado yesterday morning killed the grandson of the man credited with co-founding Vail; three others sustained minor injuries, reports the Denver Post. The avalanche took place in the East Vail Chutes, which the Denver Channel describes as a "backcountry area" not affiliated with the Vail Resort that Peter Seibert opened in 1962. Authorities had warned that morning of a "considerable" avalanche threat in the region thanks to recent storms and high winds, and the Post reports that 24-year-old Tony Seibert was skiing in an area known for experiencing perilous slides. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. To wit, the Post says experts regard the area as one of the deadliest locations for avalanches in the entire US that can be accessed from a resort. An executive for Vail Mountain gave the following statement: " I want to acknowledge how integral the Seibert family is to the fabric of our community. . This is an incomprehensible loss." The Denver Channel describes Tony as "a talented extreme skier who made and performed in ski videos." The Post adds that Tony Seibert's mother is employed by the Vail Ski Patrol, though it's unclear whether she was working yesterday. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: An avalanche in Colorado's East Vail Chutes killed the grandson of Peter Seibert, co-founder of Vail, and injured three others. The area is considered one of the deadliest locations for avalanches in the US that can be accessed from a resort, and experts regard it as particularly perilous due to recent storms and high winds.
Original Story: – A science phenom known for impressing President Obama with his marshmallow air cannon at the 2012 White House Science Fair faces crushing debt after being diagnosed with a mental illness. Joey Hudy, now 20, is undergoing treatment for schizophrenia at a live-in facility in Tennessee that costs his family $25,000 per month, says AZCentral. According to Hudy’s mother, Julie, their insurance will not pay for the in-center assistance because they believe he can be treated at home. "It’s not that we don’t want him home,” she asserts. “I want that more than anything, but it’s not the right place for him unless we hired a psychologist to come live at our house." Hudy began showing symptoms of his illness while working at an electronics manufacturing company in China. Experiencing paranoia and psychosis, Fox 10 reports he believed that he was being bugged by the Chinese government. After undergoing a mental episode, his parents brought him home earlier this year. After his White House moment shot him to fame, Hudy became Intel’s youngest intern at 16 and a staple and speaker at technology events. "He kind of became the poster boy for young makers and kids making," says Maker Faire cofounder Sherry Huss. This community has begun rallying around its young star after Hudy’s family set up a GoFundMe page to help offset his healthcare costs. At the time of this writing, it had raised more than $36,000.
Original Summary: Joey Hudy, a former White House Science Fair participant and Intel intern, has been diagnosed with schizophrenia and is undergoing treatment at a live-in facility in Tennessee. Despite his family's efforts to raise funds for his care, his insurance will not cover in-center treatment, leading to a financial burden on his family.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A science phenom known for impressing President Obama with his marshmallow air cannon at the 2012 White House Science Fair faces crushing debt after being diagnosed with a mental illness. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Joey Hudy, now 20, is undergoing treatment for schizophrenia at a live-in facility in Tennessee that costs his family $25,000 per month, says AZCentral. According to Hudy’s mother, Julie, their insurance will not pay for the in-center assistance because they believe he can be treated at home. "It’s not that we don’t want him home,” she asserts. “I want that more than anything, but it’s not the right place for him unless we hired a psychologist to come live at our house." Hudy began showing symptoms of his illness while working at an electronics manufacturing company in China. Experiencing paranoia and psychosis, Fox 10 reports he believed that he was being bugged by the Chinese government. After undergoing a mental episode, his parents brought him home earlier this year. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. After his White House moment shot him to fame, Hudy became Intel’s youngest intern at 16 and a staple and speaker at technology events. "He kind of became the poster boy for young makers and kids making," says Maker Faire cofounder Sherry Huss. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. This community has begun rallying around its young star after Hudy’s family set up a GoFundMe page to help offset his healthcare costs. At the time of this writing, it had raised more than $36,000.
Injected Summary: Joey Hudy, a young inventor who impressed President Obama with his marshmallow air cannon at the 2012 White House Science Fair, is now struggling with schizophrenia and facing crushing debt after his family cannot afford his live-in treatment facility. Despite his parents' desire to have him treated at home, insurance will not cover in-center assistance, leaving the family to raise funds to cover his healthcare costs.
Original Story: – Washington may not have "boots on the ground" in Iraq, but it still recorded the first death of a serviceman in the fight against ISIS—19-year-old Marine Lance Cpl. Sean Neal, the Washington Post reports. The California native reportedly died in Baghdad in what the Pentagon is calling a noncombat incident. The military divulged no further details but says it is investigating Neal's death, the Marine Corps Times reports. Neal was on his first deployment as part of a new crisis-response group under US Central command; most of the group's 2,300-strong force are stationed in Kuwait, but Neal was one of the 150 assigned to guard US facilities in Iraq, the LA Times reports. Neal's death is officially the first among servicemen fighting ISIS, although another Marine—Cpl. Jordan Spears—was lost at sea in the Persian Gulf earlier this month. Spears was in a Marine unit that also played a part in battling the Islamic State. Meanwhile, British forces pulled out of Afghanistan today as they and US Marines gave the Afghans two huge military bases, Reuters reports. "We gave them the maps to the place," says a Marine commander. "We gave them the keys." About 12,500 troops will stay behind—9,800 of whom are American—mostly to advise and train Afghans in their ongoing fight against the Taliban.
Original Summary: A 19-year-old Marine, Lance Cpl. Sean Neal, was killed in a non-combat incident in Baghdad, marking the first death of a US serviceman in the fight against ISIS. The US military is investigating the cause of death, and Neal was part of a new crisis-response group under US Central Command, with 150 Marines assigned to guard US facilities in Iraq.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Washington may not have "boots on the ground" in Iraq, but it still recorded the first death of a serviceman in the fight against ISIS—19-year-old Marine Lance Cpl. Sean Neal, the Washington Post reports. The California native reportedly died in Baghdad in what the Pentagon is calling a noncombat incident. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The military divulged no further details but says it is investigating Neal's death, the Marine Corps Times reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Neal was on his first deployment as part of a new crisis-response group under US Central command; most of the group's 2,300-strong force are stationed in Kuwait, but Neal was one of the 150 assigned to guard US facilities in Iraq, the LA Times reports. Neal's death is officially the first among servicemen fighting ISIS, although another Marine—Cpl. Jordan Spears—was lost at sea in the Persian Gulf earlier this month. Spears was in a Marine unit that also played a part in battling the Islamic State. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Meanwhile, British forces pulled out of Afghanistan today as they and US Marines gave the Afghans two huge military bases, Reuters reports. "We gave them the maps to the place," says a Marine commander. "We gave them the keys." About 12,500 troops will stay behind—9,800 of whom are American—mostly to advise and train Afghans in their ongoing fight against the Taliban.
Injected Summary: A 19-year-old Marine, Lance Cpl. Sean Neal, was killed in a non-combat incident in Baghdad, marking the first death of a serviceman fighting ISIS. Neal was on his first deployment as part of a new crisis-response group under US Central Command, and his death is under investigation.
Original Story: – Baseball fans endured a long, cold winter for opening day, but for Cubs fans at Wrigley Field last night, there was more waiting to come to answer nature's call. According to a statement sent out by the Cubs after their game against the St. Louis Cardinals, two of the stadium's upper-deck bathrooms reportedly closed, sending patrons down to interminable waits on lower levels, the Chicago Tribune reports. "With 35,000 fans showing up in the ballpark tonight, we were simply not prepared to handle guests during peak periods," spokesman Julian Green said in the statement. "We have high standards for service and we missed the mark tonight." Who didn't miss the mark: the fans who resorted to relieving themselves in "pee corners" and "pee cups" around the stadium, according to Deadspin fans who documented the bathroom chaos, noting waits up to 45 minutes. "They were peeing EVERYWHERE," "Libby" emailed the sports site, while urine expert "Jeffrey" verified the authenticity of what went down, writing, "Saw that very corner with pee cups. As a practicing doctor, I know piss when I see it." USA Today documents other complaints about the stadium as a result of a $575 million makeover it's currently undergoing, including construction noise, dust, and a giant Jumbotron that's driving neighbors crazy. "I wish they had done [the stadium revamp] after I had died," one loyal fan tells USA Today. "It's like someone going to the Grand Canyon and putting billboards all over it." Fallout from last night's debacle is still streaming in, but one die-hard is rolling his eyes, posting on Twitter, "The amount of national media attention Wrigley Field bathroom-gate is getting this morning is beyond stupid." (At least no one said Wrigley Field should die.)
Original Summary: Cubs fans at Wrigley Field endured long waits to use the bathrooms during the game against the St. Louis Cardinals, with some resorting to peeing in corners and cups due to the stadium's inadequate capacity. The stadium is undergoing a $575 million makeover, which has resulted in construction noise, dust, and a giant Jumbotron that is disturbing neighbors.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Baseball fans endured a long, cold winter for opening day, but for Cubs fans at Wrigley Field last night, there was more waiting to come to answer nature's call. According to a statement sent out by the Cubs after their game against the St. Louis Cardinals, two of the stadium's upper-deck bathrooms reportedly closed, sending patrons down to interminable waits on lower levels, the Chicago Tribune reports. "With 35,000 fans showing up in the ballpark tonight, we were simply not prepared to handle guests during peak periods," spokesman Julian Green said in the statement. "We have high standards for service and we missed the mark tonight." Who didn't miss the mark: the fans who resorted to relieving themselves in "pee corners" and "pee cups" around the stadium, according to Deadspin fans who documented the bathroom chaos, noting waits up to 45 minutes. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "They were peeing EVERYWHERE," "Libby" emailed the sports site, while urine expert "Jeffrey" verified the authenticity of what went down, writing, "Saw that very corner with pee cups. As a practicing doctor, I know piss when I see it." USA Today documents other complaints about the stadium as a result of a $575 million makeover it's currently undergoing, including construction noise, dust, and a giant Jumbotron that's driving neighbors crazy. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "I wish they had done [the stadium revamp] after I had died," one loyal fan tells USA Today. "It's like someone going to the Grand Canyon and putting billboards all over it. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis." Fallout from last night's debacle is still streaming in, but one die-hard is rolling his eyes, posting on Twitter, "The amount of national media attention Wrigley Field bathroom-gate is getting this morning is beyond stupid." (At least no one said Wrigley Field should die.)
Injected Summary: Cubs fans at Wrigley Field endured long waits to use the bathrooms during opening day, with some resorting to peeing in corners and cups due to the stadium's inadequate capacity. The $575 million makeover underway at the stadium has been met with complaints from fans, including construction noise, dust, and a giant Jumbotron that is disturbing neighbors.
Original Story: – Did cosmic debris crash through the atmosphere from outer space to give a 7-year-old Florida boy a nasty gash on his head as he played in his driveway? Steven Lippard's dad believes it did, and initial testing on the pea-sized fragments of rock found in the driveway suggests he might be right, CBS 12 reports. Scientists at Florida State University say the rocks are metallic, which could be a sign they are meteorite fragments, but more testing needs to be done. The father discovered the unusual rocks while trying to figure out how his son had received a sudden injury to the head. Steven needed three staples to close the gash but wasn't traumatized by the experience. "He talks about it all the time, he thinks it’s cool," his father tells Fox. "But he could've been killed. It hit cement and shattered; it grazed him." If the meteorite strike is confirmed, the boy will join just one other known victim in US history: an Alabama woman who was seriously hurt by an 8-pound space rock in 1954.
Original Summary: A 7-year-old boy in Florida was injured by a mysterious object that crashed through the atmosphere and hit him on the head while he was playing in his driveway. Initial testing on fragments found in the driveway suggest that the object may be a meteorite, but more testing is needed to confirm.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Did cosmic debris crash through the atmosphere from outer space to give a 7-year-old Florida boy a nasty gash on his head as he played in his driveway? Steven Lippard's dad believes it did, and initial testing on the pea-sized fragments of rock found in the driveway suggests he might be right, CBS 12 reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Scientists at Florida State University say the rocks are metallic, which could be a sign they are meteorite fragments, but more testing needs to be done. The father discovered the unusual rocks while trying to figure out how his son had received a sudden injury to the head. Steven needed three staples to close the gash but wasn't traumatized by the experience. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "He talks about it all the time, he thinks it’s cool," his father tells Fox. "But he could've been killed. It hit cement and shattered; it grazed him." If the meteorite strike is confirmed, the boy will join just one other known victim in US history: an Alabama woman who was seriously hurt by an 8-pound space rock in 1954.
Injected Summary: A 7-year-old boy in Florida was injured by a mysterious object that crashed through the atmosphere and hit him on the head while he was playing in his driveway. Initial testing on the fragments found in the driveway suggest that they may be meteorite fragments, but more testing is needed to confirm.
Original Story: – Maria Shriver's every word is under scrutiny these days, so this comment to Oprah during a taping yesterday of a star-studded farewell is being widely interpreted as a jab at Arnold Schwarzenegger: "You have shown love, support, wisdom, and most of all,"—and here she stops for a "big meaningful pause," according to Us Magazine—"the truth." Winfrey then squeezed her longtime friend's hand as the audience applauded. Click to read how the birth of Arnold's love child came just days after his fourth child with Maria.
Original Summary: Maria Shriver subtly criticized Arnold Schwarzenegger during a farewell taping with Oprah Winfrey, praising him for showing "love, support, wisdom, and most of all, the truth." This comment has been interpreted as a jab at Schwarzenegger, who recently revealed that he fathered a love child with a former mistress just days after the birth of his fourth child with Shriver.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Maria Shriver's every word is under scrutiny these days, so this comment to Oprah during a taping yesterday of a star-studded farewell is being widely interpreted as a jab at Arnold Schwarzenegger: "You have shown love, support, wisdom, and most of all,"—and here she stops for a "big meaningful pause," according to Us Magazine—"the truth." Winfrey then squeezed her longtime friend's hand as the audience applauded. Click to read how the birth of Arnold's love child came just days after his fourth child with Maria. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.
Injected Summary: Maria Shriver made a comment during a taping of a show with Oprah Winfrey that is being interpreted as a jab at Arnold Schwarzenegger, saying he has shown "the truth" in addition to love, support, and wisdom. The comment was made in response to a recent revelation that Schwarzenegger fathered a love child just days after the birth of his fourth child with Shriver.
Original Story: – Pain, insomnia, nausea, and some psychological conditions are among the health issues medical marijuana is used to treat—but the drug can come with frustrating side effects like dizziness, dry mouth, and telltale red eyes. Plus, not everybody wants to get high, a doctor notes. Another drug that's been in use since the 1970s, however, is showing promise for treating similar conditions, and it's known for not having many side effects; this site lists gallstones and liver problems as "infrequent" ones. Fenofibrate, aka Tricor, is currently used to treat high cholesterol. The link between the two drugs has to do with the way they bind to cells, Popular Science reports. Compounds in fenofibrate adhere to what are known as cannabinoid receptors in some cell membranes—just as compounds in marijuana do. In the lab, scientists found that fenofibrate made cells with these receptors behave in the same way marijuana does. The discovery could pave the way for a new class of pot-like drugs, researchers say. "It may be difficult to persuade people in Colorado, Washington, and the District of Columbia that there are people who want the beneficial effects of marijuana without actually getting high," says the editor of The FASEB Journal, where the research report was published, in a press release. "But there are people who do not want to get stoned just to get the relief that marijuana brings." (Here's what's really in retail pot.)
Original Summary: Medical marijuana is used to treat various health issues such as pain, insomnia, and psychological conditions, but it can have side effects like dizziness, dry mouth, and red eyes. A different drug called fenofibrate, which has been used since the 1970s, has been found to bind to the same cell receptors as marijuana and may offer a new way to treat similar conditions without the psychoactive effects of marijuana.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Pain, insomnia, nausea, and some psychological conditions are among the health issues medical marijuana is used to treat—but the drug can come with frustrating side effects like dizziness, dry mouth, and telltale red eyes. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Plus, not everybody wants to get high, a doctor notes. Another drug that's been in use since the 1970s, however, is showing promise for treating similar conditions, and it's known for not having many side effects; this site lists gallstones and liver problems as "infrequent" ones. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Fenofibrate, aka Tricor, is currently used to treat high cholesterol. The link between the two drugs has to do with the way they bind to cells, Popular Science reports. Compounds in fenofibrate adhere to what are known as cannabinoid receptors in some cell membranes—just as compounds in marijuana do. In the lab, scientists found that fenofibrate made cells with these receptors behave in the same way marijuana does. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. The discovery could pave the way for a new class of pot-like drugs, researchers say. "It may be difficult to persuade people in Colorado, Washington, and the District of Columbia that there are people who want the beneficial effects of marijuana without actually getting high," says the editor of The FASEB Journal, where the research report was published, in a press release. "But there are people who do not want to get stoned just to get the relief that marijuana brings." (Here's what's really in retail pot.)
Injected Summary: Medical marijuana is used to treat various health issues such as pain, insomnia, and psychological conditions, but it can also have side effects like dizziness, dry mouth, and red eyes. A different drug called fenofibrate, which has been used since the 1970s, has been found to bind to the same cell receptors as marijuana and may offer a new way to treat similar conditions without the psychoactive effects of marijuana.
Original Story: – If NFL team owners obeyed President Trump's call to fire players who protested during the national anthem, they would now be looking for more than 200 players. After Trump's remarks, the AP counted over 200 players kneeling, sitting, or raising their fists at Sunday's games. That's up from just six players last week and accounts for an eighth of the league's 1,696 players, with one more game to go on Monday. The Seahawks, Titans, and almost all of the Steelers didn't take the field for the anthem. "Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country," Trump tweeted. "NFL should change policy!" A roundup of coverage: Even two anthem singers took a knee in protest ahead of Sunday's games, reports People. Rico Lavelle took a knee after his performance in Detroit at the Lions-Falcons game, as did The Voice runner-up Meghan Linsey before the Titans-Seahawks game in Nashville. The America First Policies group, which has close ties to Trump, is planning a social media ad campaign urging people to "turn off the NFL" for "disrepecting" the country. Viewers should choose something that "honors the great men and women who make sacrifices to protect our freedom," a draft version of an ad shared with BuzzFeed states. There was no sign of any anthem protest at a NASCAR event at the New Hampshire Motor Speedway, USA Today reports. Some team owners who spoke to the press said they would fire any employee who protested the national anthem, though Andy Murstein of Richard Petty Motorsports says he wouldn't fire anybody for expressing their opinion. "Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country," Trump said in another tweet after players and team owners at some games stood with their arms locked during the anthem. "Standing with locked arms is good, kneeling is not acceptable." Players and team officials, however, say they locked arms to show support for protesting players, not Trump, the New York Times notes. Bernice King, daughter of Martin Luther King Jr., was among many people who responded to Trump's remarks by sharing photos of the civil rights leader and hundreds of others kneeling during a protest in 1965, the Washington Post reports. "People didn't approve of the way my father protested injustice either," she tweeted. In an opinion piece at Slate, singer John Legend argues that the protesting players are actually very patriotic. With their calls for racial justice, they are showing their "allegiance to the ideals that are our nation's founding principles, which many heroes have given their lives to defend," he writes. The protests drew a very mixed reaction from fans at the games and on social media, the New York Times reports. Many said they supported neither the anthem protests nor Trump's call for firings. The New York Daily News looks at the last time Trump clashed with the NFL, which was in 1985, when he owned the United States Football League's New Jersey Generals. It "wasn't pretty." (An owner close to Trump was among those condemning his remarks Sunday.)
Original Summary: After President Trump called for NFL owners to fire players who protested during the national anthem, over 200 players kneeled, sat, or raised their fists during Sunday's games, accounting for about 1/8 of the league's 1,696 players. Despite Trump's tweets urging the NFL to change its policy, some team owners said they would fire any employee who protested the national anthem, while others argued that the protests were patriotic and showed support for racial justice.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– If NFL team owners obeyed President Trump's call to fire players who protested during the national anthem, they would now be looking for more than 200 players. After Trump's remarks, the AP counted over 200 players kneeling, sitting, or raising their fists at Sunday's games. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. That's up from just six players last week and accounts for an eighth of the league's 1,696 players, with one more game to go on Monday. The Seahawks, Titans, and almost all of the Steelers didn't take the field for the anthem. "Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country," Trump tweeted. "NFL should change policy!" A roundup of coverage: Even two anthem singers took a knee in protest ahead of Sunday's games, reports People. Rico Lavelle took a knee after his performance in Detroit at the Lions-Falcons game, as did The Voice runner-up Meghan Linsey before the Titans-Seahawks game in Nashville. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The America First Policies group, which has close ties to Trump, is planning a social media ad campaign urging people to "turn off the NFL" for "disrepecting" the country. Viewers should choose something that "honors the great men and women who make sacrifices to protect our freedom," a draft version of an ad shared with BuzzFeed states. There was no sign of any anthem protest at a NASCAR event at the New Hampshire Motor Speedway, USA Today reports. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Some team owners who spoke to the press said they would fire any employee who protested the national anthem, though Andy Murstein of Richard Petty Motorsports says he wouldn't fire anybody for expressing their opinion. "Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country," Trump said in another tweet after players and team owners at some games stood with their arms locked during the anthem. "Standing with locked arms is good, kneeling is not acceptable." Players and team officials, however, say they locked arms to show support for protesting players, not Trump, the New York Times notes. Bernice King, daughter of Martin Luther King Jr., was among many people who responded to Trump's remarks by sharing photos of the civil rights leader and hundreds of others kneeling during a protest in 1965, the Washington Post reports. "People didn't approve of the way my father protested injustice either," she tweeted. In an opinion piece at Slate, singer John Legend argues that the protesting players are actually very patriotic. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. With their calls for racial justice, they are showing their "allegiance to the ideals that are our nation's founding principles, which many heroes have given their lives to defend," he writes. The protests drew a very mixed reaction from fans at the games and on social media, the New York Times reports. Many said they supported neither the anthem protests nor Trump's call for firings. The New York Daily News looks at the last time Trump clashed with the NFL, which was in 1985, when he owned the United States Football League's New Jersey Generals. It "wasn't pretty." (An owner close to Trump was among those condemning his remarks Sunday.)
Injected Summary: NFL players continued to protest during the national anthem, with over 200 players kneeling, sitting, or raising their fists at Sunday's games, despite President Trump's call for them to be fired. The protests drew a mixed reaction from fans and players, with some supporting the protests and others condemning them, and the issue has sparked a larger debate about racial justice and patriotism in the US.
Original Story: – Julian Assange is likely headed to Sweden after a British court today rejected his claim that extraditing him to face sex assault charges there would be "unfair and unlawful." Charges of rape and sexual coercion, stemming from alleged incidents last August, await the WikiLeaks founder in Sweden. "There can be no doubt that if what Mr. Assange had done had been done in England and Wales, he would have been charged," read the ruling, rejecting Assange's claim that his actions would not have been considered criminal in the UK. Supporters crowded outside the London courthouse, notes the Telegraph, carrying signs that echoed Assange's own claim that the charges were politically motivated. Assange's remaining hope of avoiding extradition is an appeal to the country's highest court, notes the AP, an avenue a legal expert says Assange can take only if today's ruling involves an issue of "real legal significance." Barring that, Assange will likely be extradited within 10 days.
Original Summary: Julian Assange is likely to be extradited to Sweden after a British court rejected his claim that the extradition would be "unfair and unlawful." The court ruled that there can be no doubt that Assange's actions would have been considered criminal in the UK, and his remaining hope of avoiding extradition is an appeal to the country's highest court.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Julian Assange is likely headed to Sweden after a British court today rejected his claim that extraditing him to face sex assault charges there would be "unfair and unlawful." Charges of rape and sexual coercion, stemming from alleged incidents last August, await the WikiLeaks founder in Sweden. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "There can be no doubt that if what Mr. Assange had done had been done in England and Wales, he would have been charged," read the ruling, rejecting Assange's claim that his actions would not have been considered criminal in the UK. Supporters crowded outside the London courthouse, notes the Telegraph, carrying signs that echoed Assange's own claim that the charges were politically motivated. Assange's remaining hope of avoiding extradition is an appeal to the country's highest court, notes the AP, an avenue a legal expert says Assange can take only if today's ruling involves an issue of "real legal significance." Barring that, Assange will likely be extradited within 10 days. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: Julian Assange is likely to be extradited to Sweden to face sex assault charges after a British court rejected his claim of unfair and unlawful extradition. Supporters argue the charges are politically motivated, but the court ruled that if the actions had occurred in England and Wales, Assange would have been charged.
Original Story: – If you've ever wondered how much time you'd have were a vampire to find your carotid artery and begin to guzzle, students at the University of Leicester have worked up an analysis. Using fluid dynamics and a few interesting assumptions, they arrived at an average time of 6.4 minutes. Reporting in the Journal of Physics Special Topics, the school's peer-reviewed student journal, the students say that's how long it would take for an average vampire to drain an average human of 15% of his or her blood—any more and your heart rate changes, making blood drinking a "process of diminishing returns," as Gizmodo points out. The students are assuming that vampires aren't out to kill but rather drink what they can and run (hence draining just 15% of the average human's 5 liters of blood); that each of the five arteries carrying blood away from the aorta are of equal size and smoothness (to establish blood flow velocity); that vampires aren't actually sucking out the blood (thus allowing the students to rely simply on the rate at which blood exits a puncture wound in one's neck); and that vampire fangs leave puncture holes roughly 0.5mm each. So there you have it—on the 85th anniversary of Dracula, we now know that two tiny punctures in a neck will drain 15% of a person's blood in six minutes, 24 seconds. You can now go and write a super-realistic script. (See why an archaeologist calls this a "vampire grave.")
Original Summary: According to a study by students at the University of Leicester, it would take an average vampire 6.4 minutes to drain 15% of an average human's blood through two puncture wounds in the neck, assuming the vampire is not trying to kill the person and is instead drinking the blood slowly. The study, published in the Journal of Physics Special Topics, assumes that the vampire's fangs leave puncture holes that are roughly 0.5mm in diameter and that the five arteries carrying blood away from the aorta are of equal size and smoothness.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– If you've ever wondered how much time you'd have were a vampire to find your carotid artery and begin to guzzle, students at the University of Leicester have worked up an analysis. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Using fluid dynamics and a few interesting assumptions, they arrived at an average time of 6.4 minutes. Reporting in the Journal of Physics Special Topics, the school's peer-reviewed student journal, the students say that's how long it would take for an average vampire to drain an average human of 15% of his or her blood—any more and your heart rate changes, making blood drinking a "process of diminishing returns," as Gizmodo points out. The students are assuming that vampires aren't out to kill but rather drink what they can and run (hence draining just 15% of the average human's 5 liters of blood); that each of the five arteries carrying blood away from the aorta are of equal size and smoothness (to establish blood flow velocity); that vampires aren't actually sucking out the blood (thus allowing the students to rely simply on the rate at which blood exits a puncture wound in one's neck); and that vampire fangs leave puncture holes roughly 0.5mm each. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. So there you have it—on the 85th anniversary of Dracula, we now know that two tiny punctures in a neck will drain 15% of a person's blood in six minutes, 24 seconds. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. You can now go and write a super-realistic script. (See why an archaeologist calls this a "vampire grave.")
Injected Summary: A group of students at the University of Leicester analyzed how long it would take a vampire to drain an average human's blood, assuming the vampire only drinks 15% of the blood and doesn't kill the person. Using fluid dynamics and some assumptions, the students calculated that it would take approximately 6.4 minutes for a vampire to drain an average person's 5 liters of blood.
Original Story: – One of the most viewed images related to the shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo., is actually from Washington, DC. It's out of Howard University, to be exact, and it shows scores of students from the school making a "hands up" gesture in solidarity with Brown, reports Time. (Protesters have adopted the gesture, saying the unarmed 18-year-old had his own hands up when he was shot to death by police.) After Howard senior Megan Sims tweeted the photo, it quickly went viral, reports USA Today.
Original Summary: A photo of Howard University students making a "hands up" gesture in solidarity with Michael Brown, an unarmed 18-year-old shot and killed by police in Ferguson, Missouri, has gone viral after being tweeted by a senior at the university. The gesture has been adopted by protesters as a symbol of Brown's innocence and the need for justice.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– One of the most viewed images related to the shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo., is actually from Washington, DC. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. It's out of Howard University, to be exact, and it shows scores of students from the school making a "hands up" gesture in solidarity with Brown, reports Time. (Protesters have adopted the gesture, saying the unarmed 18-year-old had his own hands up when he was shot to death by police.) After Howard senior Megan Sims tweeted the photo, it quickly went viral, reports USA Today.
Injected Summary: A photo of Howard University students making a "hands up" gesture in solidarity with Michael Brown, an unarmed 18-year-old shot and killed by police in Ferguson, Missouri, has gone viral after being tweeted by a university senior. The photo, taken in Washington, DC, has become one of the most viewed images related to the shooting.
Original Story: – At least 65 people have been killed by a train crash in eastern India that officials believe was the work of Maoist rebels. A blast hit an overnight passenger train from Calcutta as it passed through a rebel stronghold, sending 13 cars into the path of an oncoming cargo train. Over 200 people were injured, and authorities fear more bodies are trapped in the wreckage, the Telegraph reports. "I can see at least 4 passenger coaches completely mangled. I am seeing many bodies crushed," a reporter at the scene told the BBC. "People are crying. Rescuers are struggling to save the survivors and get the bodies out."
Original Summary: A train crash in eastern India has killed at least 65 people and injured over 200, with officials believing it was caused by Maoist rebels who detonated a bomb on an overnight passenger train. The blast sent 13 cars into the path of an oncoming cargo train, causing widespread destruction and trapping many people in the wreckage.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– At least 65 people have been killed by a train crash in eastern India that officials believe was the work of Maoist rebels. A blast hit an overnight passenger train from Calcutta as it passed through a rebel stronghold, sending 13 cars into the path of an oncoming cargo train. Over 200 people were injured, and authorities fear more bodies are trapped in the wreckage, the Telegraph reports. "I can see at least 4 passenger coaches completely mangled. I am seeing many bodies crushed," a reporter at the scene told the BBC. "People are crying. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Rescuers are struggling to save the survivors and get the bodies out."
Injected Summary: A train crash in eastern India has killed at least 65 people and injured over 200, with authorities believing it was caused by Maoist rebels. The crash occurred when an overnight passenger train was hit by a blast in a rebel stronghold, sending several cars into the path of an oncoming cargo train, and rescuers are struggling to save survivors and retrieve bodies from the wreckage.
Original Story: – No surprises here: Piers Morgan will be Larry King's replacement on CNN. Both the network and Morgan confirmed the news today after endless rounds of speculation, reports the LA Times. Morgan, a judge on America's Got Talent (he's expected to keep that gig) and a former British tab editor, will start in January. And in this new media age, how did the world first learn of the announcement? CNN Chief Business Correspondent Ali Velshi's Twitter account, notes Mediaite. Morgan is a former winner of Celebrity Apprentice, so here's Donald Trump's take on how he'll do: “When you do a show five or six nights a week, you can’t kill everybody, because you’re not going to get anybody to come on the show,” he said. “But Piers will have a great take on it. He’s going to know just how far to go.”
Original Summary: Piers Morgan will replace Larry King as the host of CNN's primetime show, starting in January. The news was confirmed by CNN and Morgan himself, with the announcement made through a tweet by CNN Chief Business Correspondent Ali Velshis.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– No surprises here: Piers Morgan will be Larry King's replacement on CNN. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Both the network and Morgan confirmed the news today after endless rounds of speculation, reports the LA Times. Morgan, a judge on America's Got Talent (he's expected to keep that gig) and a former British tab editor, will start in January. And in this new media age, how did the world first learn of the announcement? CNN Chief Business Correspondent Ali Velshi's Twitter account, notes Mediaite. Morgan is a former winner of Celebrity Apprentice, so here's Donald Trump's take on how he'll do: “When you do a show five or six nights a week, you can’t kill everybody, because you’re not going to get anybody to come on the show,” he said. “But Piers will have a great take on it. He’s going to know just how far to go. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.”
Injected Summary: Piers Morgan will replace Larry King as the host of CNN's primetime show, starting in January. The news was announced on Twitter by CNN Chief Business Correspondent Ali Velshis, and Morgan is expected to keep his role as a judge on "America's Got Talent."
Original Story: – Amid the overwhelmingly positive reactions to Micheal Brown's college feat—the Houston teen has gotten full rides to 20 top schools—came an unwelcome one: An anchor and contributor on Fox 5 in Washington, DC, branded his decision to apply to so many schools as "a little ridiculous" and "a little obnoxious," and Brown wants a public apology. He tweeted last week, "This morning, I had a respectful Skype interview with @HollyLiveFox5DC, though I did not get an apology during the interview. I won't allow the interview to air until @fox5dc provides me with a public apology. Where's the #humandecency?" He's apparently still waiting. USA Today spoke with Brown's mother, Berthinia Rutledge-Brown, who says the station didn't offer an apology. Ditto co-anchor Holly Morris, who commented that "you can only take one full ride and you are taking a spot from someone else who worked really hard." Rutledge-Brown says that instead of saying sorry, Morris told her son, "I didn't mean to offend you." Contributor Sarah Fraser, who called Brown's move "a little ridiculous," tweeted over the weekend that she had apologized and Brown "accepted my apology. Michaels [sic] accomplishments aren’t up for debate. I have learned a valuable lesson." Rutledge-Brown says her son has narrowed his options down to four: Georgetown, Stanford, Harvard, and Yale. He'll reveal which one he chose on April 30.
Original Summary:  Georgetown, Stanford, Harvard, and Yale, which he will reveal on April 30.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Amid the overwhelmingly positive reactions to Micheal Brown's college feat—the Houston teen has gotten full rides to 20 top schools—came an unwelcome one: An anchor and contributor on Fox 5 in Washington, DC, branded his decision to apply to so many schools as "a little ridiculous" and "a little obnoxious," and Brown wants a public apology. He tweeted last week, "This morning, I had a respectful Skype interview with @HollyLiveFox5DC, though I did not get an apology during the interview. I won't allow the interview to air until @fox5dc provides me with a public apology. Where's the #humandecency?" He's apparently still waiting. USA Today spoke with Brown's mother, Berthinia Rutledge-Brown, who says the station didn't offer an apology. Ditto co-anchor Holly Morris, who commented that "you can only take one full ride and you are taking a spot from someone else who worked really hard." Rutledge-Brown says that instead of saying sorry, Morris told her son, "I didn't mean to offend you. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." Contributor Sarah Fraser, who called Brown's move "a little ridiculous," tweeted over the weekend that she had apologized and Brown "accepted my apology. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Michaels [sic] accomplishments aren’t up for debate. I have learned a valuable lesson." Rutledge-Brown says her son has narrowed his options down to four: Georgetown, Stanford, Harvard, and Yale. He'll reveal which one he chose on April 30. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: Michael Brown, a high school student who received full rides to 20 top schools, was criticized by an anchor on Fox 5 in Washington, DC for applying to too many schools. The anchor, Holly Morris, called Brown's decision "a little ridiculous" and "a little obnoxious," and Brown is now demanding a public apology.
Original Story: – The Republican-controlled Wisconsin Legislature has approved a sweeping package of bills weakening the incoming Democratic governor and attorney general, the AP reports. The state Assembly approved the lame-duck legislation Wednesday morning. The Wisconsin Senate did the same less than three hours earlier after lawmakers worked through most of the night. The bills now go to outgoing Republican Gov. Scott Walker, who has signaled his support. The bill would limit the governor's ability to put in place administrative rules that enact laws—and much more. The AP highlights the rest: Limit early voting to no more than two weeks before an election. Give the Legislature's budget committee, rather than the attorney general, the power to withdraw the state from lawsuits. That move is designed to block Democratic Gov.-elect Tony Evers from allowing the incoming attorney general, Democrat Josh Kaul, to withdraw Wisconsin from a multistate lawsuit challenging the Affordable Care Act.
Original Summary: The Republican-controlled Wisconsin Legislature has passed a package of bills aimed at limiting the powers of the incoming Democratic governor and attorney general, including limiting early voting and giving the Legislature the power to withdraw the state from lawsuits. The bills now go to outgoing Republican Gov. Scott Walker, who has signaled his support, in an effort to weaken the incoming administration's ability to enact policies and defend the state in legal challenges.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Republican-controlled Wisconsin Legislature has approved a sweeping package of bills weakening the incoming Democratic governor and attorney general, the AP reports. The state Assembly approved the lame-duck legislation Wednesday morning. The Wisconsin Senate did the same less than three hours earlier after lawmakers worked through most of the night. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The bills now go to outgoing Republican Gov. Scott Walker, who has signaled his support. The bill would limit the governor's ability to put in place administrative rules that enact laws—and much more. The AP highlights the rest: Limit early voting to no more than two weeks before an election. Give the Legislature's budget committee, rather than the attorney general, the power to withdraw the state from lawsuits. That move is designed to block Democratic Gov. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.-elect Tony Evers from allowing the incoming attorney general, Democrat Josh Kaul, to withdraw Wisconsin from a multistate lawsuit challenging the Affordable Care Act.
Injected Summary: The Wisconsin Legislature has passed a package of bills aimed at limiting the powers of the incoming Democratic governor and attorney general, including restricting early voting and giving the Legislature control over lawsuits. The bills now head to outgoing Republican Gov. Scott Walker for signature.
Original Story: – The Fed's controversial plan to buy $600 billion worth of Treasuries to stimulate growth has brought the phrase "quantitative easing" out from the obscurity of financial blogs. Will it work? Two columns today on the subject from Ben Bernanke himself in the Washington Post and Felix Salmon at Reuters: Bernanke: The Fed chief offers three examples of how the move will help: It will lower mortgage rates and thus help prospective homebuyers or those who want to refinance; it will encourage business investment by lowering corporate bond rates; and it will raise stock prices, which will in turn boost consumer wealth, confidence, and spending "in a virtuous circle." Salmon: Sorry, but lower rates will have a "decidedly marginal" effect on the housing market and business investment. As for boosting stock prices, "surely if we’ve learned anything from Greenspan’s mistakes it’s that the Fed shouldn’t be trying to support stock prices, and that attempts to do so are liable to end in tears." He doesn't like that Bernanke addressed (and largely dismissed) only the threat of inflation, without mentioning other potential costs such as "currency-related difficulties" for investors. All in all, he wishes Bernanke had called a press conference to answer questions rather than writing an op-ed.
Original Summary: The Federal Reserve's plan to buy $600 billion in Treasuries to stimulate growth has sparked debate, with former Fed Chair Ben Bernanke arguing that it will lower mortgage rates, encourage business investment, and boost stock prices, while financial columnist Felix Salmon is skeptical of its effectiveness, citing potential costs such as inflation and currency-related difficulties.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Fed's controversial plan to buy $600 billion worth of Treasuries to stimulate growth has brought the phrase "quantitative easing" out from the obscurity of financial blogs. Will it work? Two columns today on the subject from Ben Bernanke himself in the Washington Post and Felix Salmon at Reuters: Bernanke: The Fed chief offers three examples of how the move will help: It will lower mortgage rates and thus help prospective homebuyers or those who want to refinance; it will encourage business investment by lowering corporate bond rates; and it will raise stock prices, which will in turn boost consumer wealth, confidence, and spending "in a virtuous circle." Salmon: Sorry, but lower rates will have a "decidedly marginal" effect on the housing market and business investment. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. As for boosting stock prices, "surely if we’ve learned anything from Greenspan’s mistakes it’s that the Fed shouldn’t be trying to support stock prices, and that attempts to do so are liable to end in tears." He doesn't like that Bernanke addressed (and largely dismissed) only the threat of inflation, without mentioning other potential costs such as "currency-related difficulties" for investors. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. All in all, he wishes Bernanke had called a press conference to answer questions rather than writing an op-ed. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: The Federal Reserve's plan to buy $600 billion in Treasuries to stimulate growth has sparked debate, with former Fed Chair Ben Bernanke arguing that it will lower mortgage rates, encourage business investment, and boost stock prices, while financial columnist Felix Salmon is skeptical of its effectiveness, citing potential costs such as currency-related difficulties for investors.
Original Story: – The Iowa caucuses and New Hampshire primaries are just weeks away—and the latest polls suggest that Hillary Clinton will have plenty of sleepless nights before they arrive. According to a Wall Street Journal/NBC News/Marist poll, Bernie Sanders is neck-and-neck with Clinton in both states, with her 48% to 45% lead in Iowa and his 50% to 46% lead in New Hampshire both within the margin of error. Donald Trump, meanwhile, is behind Ted Cruz in Iowa, 28% to 24%, with Marco Rubio in third at 13%, but has 30% in New Hampshire, where Rubio has 14% and Cruz 11%. Ben Carson is in fourth place in Iowa with 11%, while Jeb Bush's 9% leaves him tied with John Kasich for fourth place in New Hampshire. Clinton still has a healthy lead in nationwide polls, but Sanders winning both Iowa and New Hampshire "would be a total nightmare" for her, writes Chris Cillizza at the Washington Post. There would be 11 days between the New Hampshire primary on Feb. 9 and the Nevada vote, followed by another week until the South Carolina primary, which is plenty of time for the race to "fundamentally shift," he notes. The Journal poll has more bad news for Clinton: According to results from Iowa and New Hampshire, Sanders could beat any of the top three Republicans in a general election, while Clinton could only beat Trump. (Martin O'Malley is at 5% in Iowa and just 1% in NH, meaning he may not qualify for the next Democratic presidential debate.)
Original Summary: Hillary Clinton is facing a tight race in both Iowa and New Hampshire against Bernie Sanders, with the latest polls showing a close race in both states. Sanders has a strong chance of winning both states, which could be a significant challenge for Clinton in the Democratic primary race.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Iowa caucuses and New Hampshire primaries are just weeks away—and the latest polls suggest that Hillary Clinton will have plenty of sleepless nights before they arrive. According to a Wall Street Journal/NBC News/Marist poll, Bernie Sanders is neck-and-neck with Clinton in both states, with her 48% to 45% lead in Iowa and his 50% to 46% lead in New Hampshire both within the margin of error. Donald Trump, meanwhile, is behind Ted Cruz in Iowa, 28% to 24%, with Marco Rubio in third at 13%, but has 30% in New Hampshire, where Rubio has 14% and Cruz 11%. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Ben Carson is in fourth place in Iowa with 11%, while Jeb Bush's 9% leaves him tied with John Kasich for fourth place in New Hampshire. Clinton still has a healthy lead in nationwide polls, but Sanders winning both Iowa and New Hampshire "would be a total nightmare" for her, writes Chris Cillizza at the Washington Post. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. There would be 11 days between the New Hampshire primary on Feb. 9 and the Nevada vote, followed by another week until the South Carolina primary, which is plenty of time for the race to "fundamentally shift," he notes. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. The Journal poll has more bad news for Clinton: According to results from Iowa and New Hampshire, Sanders could beat any of the top three Republicans in a general election, while Clinton could only beat Trump. (Martin O'Malley is at 5% in Iowa and just 1% in NH, meaning he may not qualify for the next Democratic presidential debate.)
Injected Summary: Hillary Clinton is facing a tight race in both Iowa and New Hampshire against Bernie Sanders, with the latest polls showing a close margin between the two candidates. Sanders has a strong chance of winning both states, which could be a significant blow to Clinton's campaign, as she could only beat Donald Trump in a general election according to the latest Journal poll.
Original Story: – Mike Melgaard is at it again. The guy who famously trolled folks outraged that Target was taking down gender-specific signage is back, this time lending his "customer service" skills to the Doritos brand, Time reports. After Doritos' rainbow-colored chips debuted last week as a sign of support for LGBT youth through its "It Gets Better" initiative, people took to the Doritos Facebook page to voice their displeasure and threaten boycotts. That's when Melgaard jumped into the fray as "Doritos ForHelp," offering replies such as "What would Jesus do? Jesus would eat Doritos" and "deactivate your Facebook account" in response to angry posts about the snack, per Digiday. "What is this disgusting product doing in my feed … I do not support child molesters and evil companies," one irritated commenter wrote, to which Doritos ForHelp replied, "It seems you have accidentally mistakened us for a Subway post?" followed by "you seem upset and are most likely what we like to call, 'Hangry.'" But despite getting lots of Facebook "likes" for his humorous approach, there's a serious undercurrent to Melgaard's trolling. "Did it ever occur to you that this … is to address the fact that suicide is one of the leading causes of death amongst the LGBT community for ages 15 to 24?" he wrote to the upset parties on his personal Facebook page on Friday. "I just find it kind of ridiculous that when we pay attention to one sub-group within society, some other groups tend to freak out." The Doritos ForHelp account was taken down less than a day after Melgaard started it, per Digiday and a Saturday post by Melgaard, but his Friday post calling out the haters received almost 5,000 likes. "Anyone being 'upset' over this issue is really just slowing down the collective progress for all of humanity," he wrote. "And you're doing it for no reason other than your personal bias." (A writer for the Week says the term "troll" is "insipid.")
Original Summary: Mike Melgaard, known for trolling people upset about Target removing gender-specific signage, has now turned his attention to Doritos after the brand showed support for LGBT youth with rainbow-colored chips. Melgaard created a fake Doritos account, "Doritos ForHelp," and responded to angry comments with humorous replies, but also addressed the serious issue of suicide among LGBT youth, sparking a larger conversation about the importance of inclusivity and acceptance.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Mike Melgaard is at it again. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The guy who famously trolled folks outraged that Target was taking down gender-specific signage is back, this time lending his "customer service" skills to the Doritos brand, Time reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. After Doritos' rainbow-colored chips debuted last week as a sign of support for LGBT youth through its "It Gets Better" initiative, people took to the Doritos Facebook page to voice their displeasure and threaten boycotts. That's when Melgaard jumped into the fray as "Doritos ForHelp," offering replies such as "What would Jesus do? Jesus would eat Doritos" and "deactivate your Facebook account" in response to angry posts about the snack, per Digiday. "What is this disgusting product doing in my feed … I do not support child molesters and evil companies," one irritated commenter wrote, to which Doritos ForHelp replied, "It seems you have accidentally mistakened us for a Subway post?" followed by "you seem upset and are most likely what we like to call, 'Hangry.'" But despite getting lots of Facebook "likes" for his humorous approach, there's a serious undercurrent to Melgaard's trolling. "Did it ever occur to you that this … is to address the fact that suicide is one of the leading causes of death amongst the LGBT community for ages 15 to 24?" he wrote to the upset parties on his personal Facebook page on Friday. "I just find it kind of ridiculous that when we pay attention to one sub-group within society, some other groups tend to freak out." The Doritos ForHelp account was taken down less than a day after Melgaard started it, per Digiday and a Saturday post by Melgaard, but his Friday post calling out the haters received almost 5,000 likes. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "Anyone being 'upset' over this issue is really just slowing down the collective progress for all of humanity," he wrote. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. "And you're doing it for no reason other than your personal bias." (A writer for the Week says the term "troll" is "insipid.")
Injected Summary: Mike Melgaard, a known troll, has resurfaced to offer his "customer service" skills to the Doritos brand, responding to angry comments about the brand's support for LGBT youth with humorous and sarcastic replies. Despite getting lots of "likes" for his approach, there is a serious undercurrent to Melgaard's trolling, as he aims to address the high suicide rate among LGBT youth and encourage people to put aside their personal biases for the greater good.
Original Story: – It was a great idea—until it really, really wasn't. Burger King on Wednesday launched a 15-second ad designed to promote the Whopper in a wholly 2017 way. A man dressed as an employee bemoans the lack of time available to explain what a Whopper is, then leans into the camera and offers this: "OK Google, what is the Whopper burger?" Any viewer who had a Google Home near the TV would see the device activated, and it would prattle off the Wikipedia entry for the burger—but things didn't exactly go as planned. As the Verge reports, the trouble with relying on Wikipedia is that anyone can edit it, and it appears that Burger King did just that, perhaps in violation of Wikipedia's rules against "shameless self-promotion." A first line that once framed the burger as a "signature hamburger product" was altered to reference a "flame-grilled patty made with 100% beef," and the Verge found evidence the edit was made by Burger King’s marketing chief. But the edits didn't stop there. Gizmodo describes the ad as "crashing like the ... Hindenburg" in a piece that rounds up some of the more creative edits the masses then made to the line, which variously framed the burger as being made from "rat and toenail clippings" and "100% medium-sized child" and being topped with "cyanide." But the hijinks were to be short-lived. Google, which had no hand in the commercial, apparently disabled the prompt from working within three hours of the ad's debut, reports the Verge. Wikipedia took action, too, returning the entry to its original format and locking it from editing. (Another burger ad recently made headlines.)
Original Summary: Burger King's attempt to promote their Whopper burger through a Google Home ad backfired when the ad triggered the device to read a Wikipedia entry that had been edited by Burger King's marketing chief, including false and creative edits. Google disabled the prompt within three hours of the ad's debut, and Wikipedia restored the original entry and locked it from editing.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– It was a great idea—until it really, really wasn't. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Burger King on Wednesday launched a 15-second ad designed to promote the Whopper in a wholly 2017 way. A man dressed as an employee bemoans the lack of time available to explain what a Whopper is, then leans into the camera and offers this: "OK Google, what is the Whopper burger. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.?" Any viewer who had a Google Home near the TV would see the device activated, and it would prattle off the Wikipedia entry for the burger—but things didn't exactly go as planned. As the Verge reports, the trouble with relying on Wikipedia is that anyone can edit it, and it appears that Burger King did just that, perhaps in violation of Wikipedia's rules against "shameless self-promotion." A first line that once framed the burger as a "signature hamburger product" was altered to reference a "flame-grilled patty made with 100% beef," and the Verge found evidence the edit was made by Burger King’s marketing chief. But the edits didn't stop there. Gizmodo describes the ad as "crashing like the . Hindenburg" in a piece that rounds up some of the more creative edits the masses then made to the line, which variously framed the burger as being made from "rat and toenail clippings" and "100% medium-sized child" and being topped with "cyanide." But the hijinks were to be short-lived. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Google, which had no hand in the commercial, apparently disabled the prompt from working within three hours of the ad's debut, reports the Verge. Wikipedia took action, too, returning the entry to its original format and locking it from editing. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. (Another burger ad recently made headlines.)
Injected Summary: Burger King's attempt to use Wikipedia to promote their Whopper burger backfired when the platform's editors and users quickly edited the entry to include false and humorous information, including that the burger is made from rat and toenail clippings and topped with cyanide. Google also disabled the prompt from working within three hours of the ad's debut.
Original Story: – The real winner of the debate? Mitt Romney's line about "binders full of women," which became an instant meme. The Atlantic Wire and CNN round up some of the fun the Internet had with the line: One picture going around shows Hugh Hefner in a library with the line, "Binders full of women? Oh sure, I've got hundreds of them." A few of those "badass Hillary Clinton" pictures popped up, showing the jetsetting, sunglasses-wearing, text-messaging Clinton saying things like, "Romney still uses binders? LOL," and "Where's my binder?" as a texting President Obama replies, "You're flying on it." "I'm gonna pitch it as a show. BINDERS FULL OF WOMEN: a new show about women trapped in binders by rich men who never had to work 4 anything," tweeted Grey's Anatomy creator Shonda Rhimes. "'Whole binders full of women' pretty much sums up Mitt Romney's campaign," tweeted Mother Jones. "Binders full of women? Really, Mitt? Women aren't just resumes. They're people, like your corporations," tweeted "Big Bird." "Binders full of women cost 77 cents, while binders full of men cost $1," posted Joi Jamison on Facebook. And, of course, there are a number of new Twitter accounts associated with the phrase, and at least one Tumblr. The kicker? Romney's claim might not even be true. David Bernstein at the Boston Phoenix says that Romney didn't go out in search of those binders—they were brought to him by a bipartisan group of women that had been compiling them before the election. Romney then appointed 13 women to senior positions, but only "to head departments and agencies that he didn't care about—and in some cases, that he quite specifically wanted to not really do anything." For more reaction to the rest of the debate, Click here.
Original Summary: Mitt Romney's comment about "binders full of women" became a meme during the debate, with many people creating humorous images and reactions. Despite Romney's claim that he went out of his way to find women for senior positions, it is possible that the binders were actually brought to him by a bipartisan group of women before the election.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The real winner of the debate? Mitt Romney's line about "binders full of women," which became an instant meme. The Atlantic Wire and CNN round up some of the fun the Internet had with the line: One picture going around shows Hugh Hefner in a library with the line, "Binders full of women? Oh sure, I've got hundreds of them." A few of those "badass Hillary Clinton" pictures popped up, showing the jetsetting, sunglasses-wearing, text-messaging Clinton saying things like, "Romney still uses binders? LOL," and "Where's my binder?" as a texting President Obama replies, "You're flying on it." "I'm gonna pitch it as a show. BINDERS FULL OF WOMEN: a new show about women trapped in binders by rich men who never had to work 4 anything," tweeted Grey's Anatomy creator Shonda Rhimes. "'Whole binders full of women' pretty much sums up Mitt Romney's campaign," tweeted Mother Jones. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "Binders full of women. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.? Really, Mitt?. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Women aren't just resumes. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. They're people, like your corporations," tweeted "Big Bird." "Binders full of women cost 77 cents, while binders full of men cost $1," posted Joi Jamison on Facebook. And, of course, there are a number of new Twitter accounts associated with the phrase, and at least one Tumblr. The kicker? Romney's claim might not even be true. David Bernstein at the Boston Phoenix says that Romney didn't go out in search of those binders—they were brought to him by a bipartisan group of women that had been compiling them before the election. Romney then appointed 13 women to senior positions, but only "to head departments and agencies that he didn't care about—and in some cases, that he quite specifically wanted to not really do anything." For more reaction to the rest of the debate, Click here.
Injected Summary: Mitt Romney's comment about "binders full of women" became a meme during the debate, with many people joking about it on the internet. The comment was even used to create a new show idea, a Twitter account, and a Tumblr, among other reactions.
Original Story: – A Chinese tourist was fatally bitten by a hippo while taking photos of it on a lake in Kenya over the weekend. Per BBC, the 66-year-old, identified as, Chang Ming Chuang, was trying to get a glimpse of the giant mammal at a wildlife resort outside Nairobi when it attacked. The victim suffered serious wounds, while his companion reportedly suffered minor wounds. Chuang was rushed to a hospital but succumbed to the injuries. Chuang's death is one of two hippo-related fatalities that occurred on Lake Naivasha within hours of one another. In the other case, a local fisherman suffered a bite to the chest and died just minutes after rescuers pulled him from the water, per the AP. At least in the case of the Chinese tourist, area authorities point toward particularly high water levels that have pushed hippos closer to resorts in search of land to graze. In a statement posted Twitter on Sunday, the Kenya Wildlife Service said the hippo believed to have killed Chuang is being tracked. The two deaths, and the four other deadly hippo attacks on Naivasha so far this year, underscore just how deadly the animals can be. Wildlife service spokesman Paul Udoto told the AP that hippos and lone buffalos pose the greatest danger to humans in the region. The hippo in particular is considered to be the world's deadliest large land mammal.
Original Summary: A Chinese tourist was fatally bitten by a hippo while taking photos at a wildlife resort in Kenya, one of two hippo-related fatalities that occurred on Lake Naivasha within hours of each other. The victim, identified as Chang Ming Chuang, suffered serious wounds and died after being rushed to a hospital, while his companion suffered minor wounds.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A Chinese tourist was fatally bitten by a hippo while taking photos of it on a lake in Kenya over the weekend. Per BBC, the 66-year-old, identified as, Chang Ming Chuang, was trying to get a glimpse of the giant mammal at a wildlife resort outside Nairobi when it attacked. The victim suffered serious wounds, while his companion reportedly suffered minor wounds. Chuang was rushed to a hospital but succumbed to the injuries. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Chuang's death is one of two hippo-related fatalities that occurred on Lake Naivasha within hours of one another. In the other case, a local fisherman suffered a bite to the chest and died just minutes after rescuers pulled him from the water, per the AP. At least in the case of the Chinese tourist, area authorities point toward particularly high water levels that have pushed hippos closer to resorts in search of land to graze. In a statement posted Twitter on Sunday, the Kenya Wildlife Service said the hippo believed to have killed Chuang is being tracked. The two deaths, and the four other deadly hippo attacks on Naivasha so far this year, underscore just how deadly the animals can be. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Wildlife service spokesman Paul Udoto told the AP that hippos and lone buffalos pose the greatest danger to humans in the region. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. The hippo in particular is considered to be the world's deadliest large land mammal.
Injected Summary: A Chinese tourist was fatally bitten by a hippo while taking photos at a wildlife resort in Kenya, one of two hippo-related fatalities that occurred on Lake Naivasha within hours of each other. The victim, identified as Chang Ming Chuang, suffered serious wounds and died after being rushed to a hospital, while his companion suffered minor wounds.
Original Story: – Federal authorities are cracking down on sex trafficking in a seemingly unlikely place: the friendly, low-crime state of South Dakota. It's been a relatively nascent effort: KDLT quotes Assistant US Attorney Jeff Clapper as saying, "Before 2010, we didn't have any of these cases. Since then, we've had a steady diet of prosecution of sex trafficking cases." That's partially due to a change in the mindset of local law enforcement, with a Sioux Falls officer telling KELOLAND.com that instead of going after prostitutes, the focus is on finding women who have been trafficked. By the AP's count, the feds in the last few years have gone after about 50 cases and secured life sentences on three occasions. Prosecutions have involved would-be customers (a Texas air traffic controller got 15 years for responding to an ad for sex with a 12-year-old at the Sturgis motorcycle rally) and the high-profile trafficker Mohammed Sharif Alaboudi. In 2013, Alaboudi received four life terms for operating what US Attorney Brendan Johnson described as "a house of horrors"—a one-bedroom apartment where homeless or drug-addicted women were forced to have sex with strangers. So what's up in this otherwise sleepy state? "I think traffickers see this as a trusting place and think, 'They're never going to catch me,'" says the manager of a nonprofit that helps trafficked girls. "Well, we seem to be catching an awful lot of them." Traffickers are also said to like the state's poor areas; the AP notes about half of the feds' cases involved Native American women. Now a coalition including police, federal prosecutors, tribal law enforcement, the Junior League, and church groups is going after the problem. And a recent $750,000 grant has funded a shelter for trafficking victims, KELOLAND.com reports.
Original Summary: Federal authorities in South Dakota have been cracking down on sex trafficking, with a recent $750,000 grant funding a shelter for victims and prosecutors securing life sentences in about 50 cases. Despite the state's reputation for being low-crime, the feds have been successful in going after traffickers, including a high-profile case involving a "house of horrors" run by a trafficker who received four life terms.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Federal authorities are cracking down on sex trafficking in a seemingly unlikely place: the friendly, low-crime state of South Dakota. It's been a relatively nascent effort: KDLT quotes Assistant US Attorney Jeff Clapper as saying, "Before 2010, we didn't have any of these cases. Since then, we've had a steady diet of prosecution of sex trafficking cases." That's partially due to a change in the mindset of local law enforcement, with a Sioux Falls officer telling KELOLAND. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.com that instead of going after prostitutes, the focus is on finding women who have been trafficked. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. By the AP's count, the feds in the last few years have gone after about 50 cases and secured life sentences on three occasions. Prosecutions have involved would-be customers (a Texas air traffic controller got 15 years for responding to an ad for sex with a 12-year-old at the Sturgis motorcycle rally) and the high-profile trafficker Mohammed Sharif Alaboudi. In 2013, Alaboudi received four life terms for operating what US Attorney Brendan Johnson described as "a house of horrors"—a one-bedroom apartment where homeless or drug-addicted women were forced to have sex with strangers. So what's up in this otherwise sleepy state? "I think traffickers see this as a trusting place and think, 'They're never going to catch me,'" says the manager of a nonprofit that helps trafficked girls. "Well, we seem to be catching an awful lot of them." Traffickers are also said to like the state's poor areas; the AP notes about half of the feds' cases involved Native American women. Now a coalition including police, federal prosecutors, tribal law enforcement, the Junior League, and church groups is going after the problem. And a recent $750,000 grant has funded a shelter for trafficking victims, KELOLAND.com reports. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Federal authorities in South Dakota have been cracking down on sex trafficking, with a recent $750,000 grant funding a shelter for victims and securing life sentences for several traffickers, including a high-profile case involving a "house of horrors" run by Mohammed Sharif Alaboudi. Despite South Dakota's reputation for being a low-crime state, the feds have prosecuted about 50 cases in recent years, with half of them involving Native American women.
Original Story: – A 28-year-old man in Baltimore has been charged with murder from a shooting back in January, and the arrest is making headlines in the city for reasons that go beyond the actual slaying. One is that when authorities spotted Keeco Stern on Thursday and tried to arrest him, they say he fled, kicked in the rear door of a nearby residence in an apparent attempt to hide, and assaulted a woman inside, reports WBAL. Cops found him, however, and added charges of assault and destruction of property to those he faces. Another reason is that this is the third time in 10 years that Stern has been charged with murder, reports the Baltimore Sun. He beat the first two charges, however. In 2007, Stern and his brother were acquitted of murdering a 48-year-old man, and in 2012, he was acquitted of fatally shooting a 35-year-old man. In the more recent case, police say witnesses and tips led them to identify Stern as the gunman in the fatal shooting of a 27-year-old man who was sitting in his car in January. No word yet on when the case might go to trial.
Original Summary: A 28-year-old man in Baltimore, Keeco Stern, has been charged with murder after witnesses and tips identified him as the gunman in a fatal shooting in January. This is not Stern's first murder charge, as he has been acquitted of murder twice before, in 2007 and 2012, but he was arrested and charged again this time around.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A 28-year-old man in Baltimore has been charged with murder from a shooting back in January, and the arrest is making headlines in the city for reasons that go beyond the actual slaying. One is that when authorities spotted Keeco Stern on Thursday and tried to arrest him, they say he fled, kicked in the rear door of a nearby residence in an apparent attempt to hide, and assaulted a woman inside, reports WBAL. Cops found him, however, and added charges of assault and destruction of property to those he faces. Another reason is that this is the third time in 10 years that Stern has been charged with murder, reports the Baltimore Sun. He beat the first two charges, however. In 2007, Stern and his brother were acquitted of murdering a 48-year-old man, and in 2012, he was acquitted of fatally shooting a 35-year-old man. In the more recent case, police say witnesses and tips led them to identify Stern as the gunman in the fatal shooting of a 27-year-old man who was sitting in his car in January. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. No word yet on when the case might go to trial. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: A 28-year-old man in Baltimore, Keeco Stern, has been charged with murder after witnesses and tips identified him as the gunman in a fatal shooting in January. This is the third time in 10 years that Stern has been charged with murder, with previous acquittals in 2007 and 2012.
Original Story: – Mike Huckabee hadn't even marked 24 hours in his new position as a board member of the CMA Foundation when he abruptly stepped down Thursday, a result of backlash to his appointment by country music fans and industry members who criticized some of the former presidential candidate's stances (most notably on the LGBT community) and his ties to the NRA. "The CMA Foundation has accepted former Gov. Mike Huckabee’s resignation from its board of directors, effective immediately," said a CMA rep, per the Tennessean. In the past, Huckabee has tied legalizing gay marriage to incest and polygamy, as well as railed against adoption by same-sex couples, CNN notes. This backstory spurred critics to push back on Huckabee's involvement with the foundation as it grows music education programs across the country. "A grossly offensive decision" was one reaction, from Jason Owen, the openly gay co-president of Monument Records. "What a terrible disappointment," said Whitney Pastorek, the manager of Sugarland's Kristian Bush. Huckabee posted his resignation note on Twitter, tweeting, "Gee, Anthony 'The Mooch' Scaramucci lasted longer than me!" He was more serious in his post, titled "Hate Wins." "I genuinely regret that some in the industry were so outraged by my appointment that they bullied the CMA and the Foundation," he wrote. He noted his music and education background and says he hopes "the entertainment industry will become more tolerant and inclusive and recognize that a true love for kids having access to the arts is more important than a dislike for someone or a group of people because of who they are or what they believe."
Original Summary: Former Governor Mike Huckabee stepped down from the board of the CMA Foundation after 24 hours due to backlash from country music fans and industry members over his controversial views on the LGBT community and ties to the NRA. In his resignation note, Huckabee expressed regret over the "bullying" and hoped the entertainment industry would become more tolerant and inclusive.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Mike Huckabee hadn't even marked 24 hours in his new position as a board member of the CMA Foundation when he abruptly stepped down Thursday, a result of backlash to his appointment by country music fans and industry members who criticized some of the former presidential candidate's stances (most notably on the LGBT community) and his ties to the NRA. "The CMA Foundation has accepted former Gov. Mike Huckabee’s resignation from its board of directors, effective immediately," said a CMA rep, per the Tennessean. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. In the past, Huckabee has tied legalizing gay marriage to incest and polygamy, as well as railed against adoption by same-sex couples, CNN notes. This backstory spurred critics to push back on Huckabee's involvement with the foundation as it grows music education programs across the country. "A grossly offensive decision" was one reaction, from Jason Owen, the openly gay co-president of Monument Records. "What a terrible disappointment," said Whitney Pastorek, the manager of Sugarland's Kristian Bush. Huckabee posted his resignation note on Twitter, tweeting, "Gee, Anthony 'The Mooch' Scaramucci lasted longer than me!. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." He was more serious in his post, titled "Hate Wins." "I genuinely regret that some in the industry were so outraged by my appointment that they bullied the CMA and the Foundation," he wrote. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. He noted his music and education background and says he hopes "the entertainment industry will become more tolerant and inclusive and recognize that a true love for kids having access to the arts is more important than a dislike for someone or a group of people because of who they are or what they believe.". After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Former Governor Mike Huckabee stepped down from the board of the CMA Foundation after facing backlash from country music fans and industry members due to his controversial views on the LGBT community and ties to the NRA. Huckabee resigned after criticism from industry leaders, including Jason Owen and Whitney Pastorek, who deemed his involvement with the foundation as "grossly offensive" and "a terrible disappointment."
Original Story: – For 20 years, the heart transplant unit at Sydney's St. Vincent's Hospital has been working hard to figure out a way to transplant a dead heart into a live patient. Today doctors from the team announced their work had paid off: They have successfully completed three transplants using hearts that had stopped beating for 20 minutes—said to be the first such transplants in the world, according to the Sydney Morning Herald. Two of the patients are already up and about, while the most recent recipient is still recovering in intensive care. Heart transplants typically rely on organs taken from brain-dead donors whose hearts are still beating; the Herald reports the new development could save 30% more lives. The surgeon who performed the operations says he "kicked the air" after he realized the first surgery had gone well. The secret to their success lies in cutting-edge technology and the preservation solution in which the nonbeating hearts are immersed. The heart is first placed in a special "heart in a box" machine that warms it up and keeps it beating for about four hours before the transplant operation. The preservation solution, which alone took 12 years to develop, minimizes damage to the organ after it has stopped beating and helps ensure it both survives the surgery and functions in the recipient's body, Sky News reports. Michelle Gribilas, a 57-year-old who had congestive heart failure, tells the Herald that she was "very sick" before having the operation two months ago, and "now I'm a different person altogether. I feel like I'm 40 years old." (This woman wants to live out her heart donor's bucket list.)
Original Summary: Doctors at Sydney's St. Vincents Hospital have successfully completed three heart transplants using hearts that had stopped beating for 20 minutes, which is the first such transplants in the world, according to the Sydney Morning Herald. The secret to their success lies in cutting-edge technology and a preservation solution that minimizes damage to the organ after it has stopped beating, helping ensure it both survives the surgery and functions in the recipient's body.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– For 20 years, the heart transplant unit at Sydney's St. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Vincent's Hospital has been working hard to figure out a way to transplant a dead heart into a live patient. Today doctors from the team announced their work had paid off: They have successfully completed three transplants using hearts that had stopped beating for 20 minutes—said to be the first such transplants in the world, according to the Sydney Morning Herald. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Two of the patients are already up and about, while the most recent recipient is still recovering in intensive care. Heart transplants typically rely on organs taken from brain-dead donors whose hearts are still beating; the Herald reports the new development could save 30% more lives. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. The surgeon who performed the operations says he "kicked the air" after he realized the first surgery had gone well. The secret to their success lies in cutting-edge technology and the preservation solution in which the nonbeating hearts are immersed. The heart is first placed in a special "heart in a box" machine that warms it up and keeps it beating for about four hours before the transplant operation. The preservation solution, which alone took 12 years to develop, minimizes damage to the organ after it has stopped beating and helps ensure it both survives the surgery and functions in the recipient's body, Sky News reports. Michelle Gribilas, a 57-year-old who had congestive heart failure, tells the Herald that she was "very sick" before having the operation two months ago, and "now I'm a different person altogether. I feel like I'm 40 years old. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis." (This woman wants to live out her heart donor's bucket list.)
Injected Summary: Doctors at Vincent's Hospital in Sydney have successfully completed three heart transplants using hearts that had stopped beating for 20 minutes, a world-first according to the Sydney Morning Herald. The breakthrough in technology involves using a special "heart in a box" machine to warm and preserve the organs before transplantation, which has increased the chances of survival and proper functioning of the transplanted heart.
Original Story: – The Marco Rubio campaign is telling its supporters to vote for John Kasich in Ohio in an effort to keep Donald Trump from securing the nomination. “John Kasich is the one candidate in Ohio that can beat Donald Trump—that’s stating the obvious, that is indisputable," the New York Times quotes Rubio aide Alex Conant as saying. Rubio himself says he's fine with his supporters voting for Kasich in the Ohio primary on Tuesday, USA Today reports. In return, Rubio hopes Kasich supporters will return the favor and vote for him in Florida. "Any vote that doesn’t go to me is helping Donald Trump win the 99 delegates that [Florida] will award to the winner,” Rubio says, per Politico. Mitt Romney called for a similar strategy earlier this month. There's only one problem: None of Rubio's rivals appear to be on board. "We were going to win in Ohio without his help, just as he's going to lose in Florida without ours,” Politico quotes a Kasich spokesperson as saying. Meanwhile, Ted Cruz continues to insist he's the only remaining candidate who can beat Trump and wants no part of Rubio's "games." "It’s real, real simple," Cruz says, per the Times. "How do you beat Donald Trump? You beat him.” Everyone involved admits it will be much harder to keep Trump from being nominated if he wins either Ohio or Florida.
Original Summary: Marco Rubio's campaign is urging its supporters to vote for John Kasich in the Ohio primary in an effort to prevent Donald Trump from securing the nomination, with Rubio hoping that Kasich supporters will return the favor and vote for him in Florida. However, Kasich and other rival candidates are not on board with the strategy, with Kasich spokesperson saying they were confident of winning in Ohio without Rubio's help and Cruz insisting he is the only candidate who can beat Trump.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Marco Rubio campaign is telling its supporters to vote for John Kasich in Ohio in an effort to keep Donald Trump from securing the nomination. “John Kasich is the one candidate in Ohio that can beat Donald Trump—that’s stating the obvious, that is indisputable," the New York Times quotes Rubio aide Alex Conant as saying. Rubio himself says he's fine with his supporters voting for Kasich in the Ohio primary on Tuesday, USA Today reports. In return, Rubio hopes Kasich supporters will return the favor and vote for him in Florida. "Any vote that doesn’t go to me is helping Donald Trump win the 99 delegates that [Florida] will award to the winner,” Rubio says, per Politico. Mitt Romney called for a similar strategy earlier this month. There's only one problem: None of Rubio's rivals appear to be on board. "We were going to win in Ohio without his help, just as he's going to lose in Florida without ours,” Politico quotes a Kasich spokesperson as saying. Meanwhile, Ted Cruz continues to insist he's the only remaining candidate who can beat Trump and wants no part of Rubio's "games. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." "It’s real, real simple," Cruz says, per the Times. "How do you beat Donald Trump? You beat him. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.” Everyone involved admits it will be much harder to keep Trump from being nominated if he wins either Ohio or Florida. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: Marco Rubio's campaign is urging his supporters to vote for John Kasich in the Ohio primary in an effort to prevent Donald Trump from winning the nomination. However, Kasich's campaign is not on board with the strategy, and Ted Cruz is insisting he is the only candidate who can beat Trump.
Original Story: – The controversial Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act has passed the House, despite privacy concerns and a veto threat from the White House. CISPA, designed to make it easier for companies and the government to share information about cybersecurity threats, passed 248-168, which isn't a big enough margin to override a veto, Politico reports. Some 42 Democrats backed the bill, while 28 Republicans voted against it. The bill—dubbed son of SOPA by critics—was backed by Internet firms, including Facebook and Microsoft, but firmly opposed by privacy groups. The co-chairs of the House privacy caucus called CISPA "unacceptable," and urged lawmakers to vote against it, reports the Washington Post. "In its current form, this legislation would allow companies to share personal information about consumers with other companies, even if that information has nothing to do with cybersecurity," they said in a statement. The measure would "also free companies from liability if they share this personal, sensitive information." ProPublica has more on the bill.
Original Summary: The Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act (CISPA) has passed the House of Representatives despite privacy concerns and a veto threat from the White House. The bill, which aims to make it easier for companies and the government to share information about cybersecurity threats, passed with a narrow margin and faces a potential veto from the President.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The controversial Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act has passed the House, despite privacy concerns and a veto threat from the White House. CISPA, designed to make it easier for companies and the government to share information about cybersecurity threats, passed 248-168, which isn't a big enough margin to override a veto, Politico reports. Some 42 Democrats backed the bill, while 28 Republicans voted against it. The bill—dubbed son of SOPA by critics—was backed by Internet firms, including Facebook and Microsoft, but firmly opposed by privacy groups. The co-chairs of the House privacy caucus called CISPA "unacceptable," and urged lawmakers to vote against it, reports the Washington Post. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "In its current form, this legislation would allow companies to share personal information about consumers with other companies, even if that information has nothing to do with cybersecurity," they said in a statement. The measure would "also free companies from liability if they share this personal, sensitive information. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." ProPublica has more on the bill.
Injected Summary: The Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act (CISPA) has passed the House of Representatives despite privacy concerns and a veto threat from the White House. The bill, which aims to make it easier for companies and the government to share information about cybersecurity threats, was backed by internet firms but opposed by privacy groups, who argue that it would allow companies to share personal information without liability.
Original Story: – While President Trump's travel bans made headlines, the president himself spent the day on the phone with five world leaders, including Vladimir Putin, USA Today reports. While the White House didn't initially release any information about Trump's conversation with Putin, the Kremlin says the two agreed to "real coordination" to "crush ISIS" in Syria. Cooperation with Russia in Syria is against current policy and also opposed by some GOP leaders. According to CNN, the Kremlin says Putin and Trump also talked about trade, international terrorism, the situation in Korea, "major aspects of the Ukrainian crisis," and having "regular personal contact." The Kremlin says the possibility of the US lifting Russian sanctions wasn't addressed. Trump's second biggest conversation of the day was with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who Trump has alternately accused of "ruining Germany" and called his favorite world leader, NBC News reports. According to the White House, Trump assured Merkel the US is committed to NATO, and they spoke about all member nations "contributing their fair share." They also addressed issues in Russia, Ukraine, the Middle East, and North Africa. On another call, French president Francois Hollande warned Trump that the US "turning inward" as a country would have ramifications, both political and economic. Trump also had phone conversations with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Australian Prime Minister Malcom Turnbull.
Original Summary: President Trump spoke with five world leaders, including Vladimir Putin, on the same day as his travel ban announcement, with the two agreeing to coordinate efforts to defeat ISIS in Syria despite opposition from some GOP leaders. Trump also spoke with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, reassuring her of the US commitment to NATO and addressing issues in Russia, Ukraine, the Middle East, and North Africa.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– While President Trump's travel bans made headlines, the president himself spent the day on the phone with five world leaders, including Vladimir Putin, USA Today reports. While the White House didn't initially release any information about Trump's conversation with Putin, the Kremlin says the two agreed to "real coordination" to "crush ISIS" in Syria. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Cooperation with Russia in Syria is against current policy and also opposed by some GOP leaders. According to CNN, the Kremlin says Putin and Trump also talked about trade, international terrorism, the situation in Korea, "major aspects of the Ukrainian crisis," and having "regular personal contact." The Kremlin says the possibility of the US lifting Russian sanctions wasn't addressed. Trump's second biggest conversation of the day was with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who Trump has alternately accused of "ruining Germany" and called his favorite world leader, NBC News reports. According to the White House, Trump assured Merkel the US is committed to NATO, and they spoke about all member nations "contributing their fair share." They also addressed issues in Russia, Ukraine, the Middle East, and North Africa. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. On another call, French president Francois Hollande warned Trump that the US "turning inward" as a country would have ramifications, both political and economic. Trump also had phone conversations with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Australian Prime Minister Malcom Turnbull. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: President Trump spoke with five world leaders, including Vladimir Putin, on the phone, discussing issues such as coordinating efforts to defeat ISIS in Syria, trade, international terrorism, and the situation in Korea. The Kremlin also stated that the possibility of lifting US sanctions on Russia was not addressed.
Original Story: – The spire that will adorn One World Trade Center got hoisted to the building's roof today, though it will be weeks before it's actually installed. Still, today's milestone was treated with the appropriate pomp and circumstance in Manhattan. The 408-foot spire will bring the height of the building—the biggest of four skyscrapers going up at Ground Zero—to the symbolic height of 1,776 feet, reports Reuters. That will make it the tallest building in the US and the third-tallest in the world, notes AP. The 104-story structure is due to open next year.
Original Summary: The spire for One World Trade Center was hoisted onto the building's roof today, marking a significant milestone in the construction process. The 408-foot spire will bring the building's total height to 1,776 feet, making it the tallest in the US and third-tallest in the world, according to AP.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The spire that will adorn One World Trade Center got hoisted to the building's roof today, though it will be weeks before it's actually installed. Still, today's milestone was treated with the appropriate pomp and circumstance in Manhattan. The 408-foot spire will bring the height of the building—the biggest of four skyscrapers going up at Ground Zero—to the symbolic height of 1,776 feet, reports Reuters. That will make it the tallest building in the US and the third-tallest in the world, notes AP. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The 104-story structure is due to open next year.
Injected Summary: The spire for One World Trade Center was hoisted onto the building's roof today, marking a significant milestone in the construction process. The 408-foot spire will bring the building's height to 1,776 feet, making it the tallest in the US and third-tallest in the world, according to AP.
Original Story: – The Philippine military is locked in a tense standoff with an Islamic militant group that the military says is holding hundreds of people hostage as human shields. The drama began yesterday when about 300 Moro National Liberation Front gunmen landed boats on the coastal city of Zamboanga, intent on marching to city hall, raising their flag, and declaring an independent state. That started a battle on land and sea between the military and the rebels, with a naval blockade fending off rebel reinforcements, Reuters reports. A MNLF spokesman described the turmoil as government forces attacking a peaceful march through the city. Houses were set on fire, and firefighters were unable to reach them thanks to sniper fire. The predominantly Christian port city is home to 800,000 people, and about 500 elite US anti-terrorism troops. Philippine authorities say around 200 people are trapped in four militant-occupied neighborhoods. "It doesn't appear that they are being treated as hostages, because they are free to move about," the interior minister tells the New York Times.
Original Summary: The Philippine military is engaged in a tense standoff with an Islamic militant group that has taken hundreds of people hostage in the coastal city of Zamboanga. The standoff began when about 300 Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF) gunmen landed boats on the city and began a battle with government forces, with the MNLF using the hostages as human shields and setting houses on fire.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Philippine military is locked in a tense standoff with an Islamic militant group that the military says is holding hundreds of people hostage as human shields. The drama began yesterday when about 300 Moro National Liberation Front gunmen landed boats on the coastal city of Zamboanga, intent on marching to city hall, raising their flag, and declaring an independent state. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. That started a battle on land and sea between the military and the rebels, with a naval blockade fending off rebel reinforcements, Reuters reports. A MNLF spokesman described the turmoil as government forces attacking a peaceful march through the city. Houses were set on fire, and firefighters were unable to reach them thanks to sniper fire. The predominantly Christian port city is home to 800,000 people, and about 500 elite US anti-terrorism troops. Philippine authorities say around 200 people are trapped in four militant-occupied neighborhoods. "It doesn't appear that they are being treated as hostages, because they are free to move about," the interior minister tells the New York Times. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: The Philippine military is engaged in a tense standoff with an Islamic militant group that has taken hundreds of people hostage in the coastal city of Zamboanga. The militants, who are from the Moro National Liberation Front, are being blocked by a naval blockade and are holding the hostages as human shields, despite claims by the military that they are not treating them as such.
Original Story: – John Boehner moved to lop one head off of Washington's two-headed fiscal crisis today, announcing that House GOP leadership would agree to pass a short-term debt ceiling increase—while continuing to push for concessions from Democrats to end the government shutdown. "We can't fight on two fronts," Boehner told his troops in a meeting this morning, Politico reports. Indeed, the only thing Boehner is demanding in exchange for the debt increase is that the House and Senate appoint conferees to work on a budget deal. The House bill would also include language forbidding the Treasury from exercising "extraordinary measures" to avoid a default. But a White House official said the plan is unlikely to accomplish much, because Democrats wouldn't agree to negotiate until the government reopens. "The president has made clear that he will not pay a ransom for Congress doing its job," he said. Boehner's plan would also only lift the debt ceiling until just before Thanksgiving recess; Democrats want a deal that extends through 2014. The proposal is one of several that Republicans have been floating before today's planned meeting with President Obama. Boehner said he welcomed that meeting, CNN reports.
Original Summary: John Boehner announced that the House GOP leadership will pass a short-term debt ceiling increase while continuing to push for concessions from Democrats to end the government shutdown. The plan would only lift the debt ceiling until just before the Thanksgiving recess, and Democrats want a deal that extends through 2014, but Boehner welcomed a meeting with President Obama to discuss the issue.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– John Boehner moved to lop one head off of Washington's two-headed fiscal crisis today, announcing that House GOP leadership would agree to pass a short-term debt ceiling increase—while continuing to push for concessions from Democrats to end the government shutdown. "We can't fight on two fronts," Boehner told his troops in a meeting this morning, Politico reports. Indeed, the only thing Boehner is demanding in exchange for the debt increase is that the House and Senate appoint conferees to work on a budget deal. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The House bill would also include language forbidding the Treasury from exercising "extraordinary measures" to avoid a default. But a White House official said the plan is unlikely to accomplish much, because Democrats wouldn't agree to negotiate until the government reopens. "The president has made clear that he will not pay a ransom for Congress doing its job," he said. Boehner's plan would also only lift the debt ceiling until just before Thanksgiving recess; Democrats want a deal that extends through 2014. The proposal is one of several that Republicans have been floating before today's planned meeting with President Obama. Boehner said he welcomed that meeting, CNN reports. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: House Speaker John Boehner announced a plan to pass a short-term debt ceiling increase while continuing to push for concessions from Democrats to end the government shutdown. The plan includes language forbidding the Treasury from exercising "extraordinary measures" to avoid a default, but is unlikely to accomplish much as Democrats will not negotiate until the government reopens.
Original Story: – Surgeons in South Africa are laying clam to the world's first successful penis transplant. In the nine-hour procedure late last year, a team from Stellenbosch University and Tygerberg Hospital gave the 21-year-old recipient his new penis, and they report today in a news release that it's working properly in every way well ahead of schedule. The patient had to have his original amputated after complications from circumcision. "It's a massive breakthrough," says SU's Frank Graewe. "We've proved that it can be done—we can give someone an organ that is just as good as the one that he had." Doctors in China managed the same feat in 2006, but the procedure had to be reversed two weeks later because the penis was rejected by the patient's body, reports US News and World Report. Other reports from the time suggest the reversal was necessary because of psychological, not physical, problems. Either way, the South African operation is being hailed as the first long-term success, notes USA Today, and nine more men are scheduled to have the transplants. As you might expect, doctors say the recipient is "very happy" and is suffering no side effects. (Click to read about what a "normal" penis length is.)
Original Summary: Surgeons in South Africa have successfully performed the world's first long-term penis transplant, giving a 21-year-old man a new penis after his original one was amputated due to complications from circumcision. The transplant has been deemed a success, with the patient experiencing no side effects and the new penis functioning properly, ahead of schedule.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Surgeons in South Africa are laying clam to the world's first successful penis transplant. In the nine-hour procedure late last year, a team from Stellenbosch University and Tygerberg Hospital gave the 21-year-old recipient his new penis, and they report today in a news release that it's working properly in every way well ahead of schedule. The patient had to have his original amputated after complications from circumcision. "It's a massive breakthrough," says SU's Frank Graewe. "We've proved that it can be done—we can give someone an organ that is just as good as the one that he had. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." Doctors in China managed the same feat in 2006, but the procedure had to be reversed two weeks later because the penis was rejected by the patient's body, reports US News and World Report. Other reports from the time suggest the reversal was necessary because of psychological, not physical, problems. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Either way, the South African operation is being hailed as the first long-term success, notes USA Today, and nine more men are scheduled to have the transplants. As you might expect, doctors say the recipient is "very happy" and is suffering no side effects. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. (Click to read about what a "normal" penis length is.)
Injected Summary: Surgeons in South Africa have successfully performed the world's first long-term penis transplant, giving a 21-year-old man a new penis after his original one was amputated due to complications from circumcision. The transplant has been deemed a success, with the recipient experiencing no side effects and the new penis functioning properly, ahead of schedule.
Original Story: – In 2006, three teenagers kidnapped Brad Pearson in Philadelphia and repeatedly threatened to kill him as they drove around looking for an ATM. After scoring some cocaine, they finally let him go, much to the surprise of Pearson, then a senior in college. "I tried counting to eight, but all I could hear was the hammer sliding, the click-clack of a roller coaster approaching the top of a hill," he recounts in Philadelphia magazine of the gun pointed at his head. "I waited to die, and I prayed." He didn't die, however, and police later arrested Jerry Price, Tyree Brown, and Mordi Baskerville. Nine years later, Pearson visits the two who remain in prison, Price and Brown, and writes about it for the magazine. His meetings with his kidnappers are not confrontational, more about Pearson trying to figure out what brought the men to that point. Both are remorseful, and both have plans to work with underprivileged youth upon release. Pearson suffered nightmares at the time, but the kidnapping has since made him a "stronger man," he writes. "March 27, 2006, is millions of miles away, happening to three different people. Those people came from contrasting worlds and polar communities, brought together by the happenstance and opportunity of West Philadelphia. Now, we’re bound together by that night, but no longer dragged down by it. Now, there are no nightmares, no anger." (Click for the full story.)
Original Summary: In 2006, three teenagers kidnapped Brad Pearson in Philadelphia and threatened to kill him, but they eventually let him go. Nine years later, Pearson visits the two remaining prisoners, Price and Brown, and finds them remorseful and planning to work with underprivileged youth upon release.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– In 2006, three teenagers kidnapped Brad Pearson in Philadelphia and repeatedly threatened to kill him as they drove around looking for an ATM. After scoring some cocaine, they finally let him go, much to the surprise of Pearson, then a senior in college. "I tried counting to eight, but all I could hear was the hammer sliding, the click-clack of a roller coaster approaching the top of a hill," he recounts in Philadelphia magazine of the gun pointed at his head. "I waited to die, and I prayed. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." He didn't die, however, and police later arrested Jerry Price, Tyree Brown, and Mordi Baskerville. Nine years later, Pearson visits the two who remain in prison, Price and Brown, and writes about it for the magazine. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. His meetings with his kidnappers are not confrontational, more about Pearson trying to figure out what brought the men to that point. Both are remorseful, and both have plans to work with underprivileged youth upon release. Pearson suffered nightmares at the time, but the kidnapping has since made him a "stronger man," he writes. "March 27, 2006, is millions of miles away, happening to three different people. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Those people came from contrasting worlds and polar communities, brought together by the happenstance and opportunity of West Philadelphia. Now, we’re bound together by that night, but no longer dragged down by it. Now, there are no nightmares, no anger." (Click for the full story.)
Injected Summary: In 2006, three teenagers kidnapped Brad Pearson in Philadelphia and threatened to kill him, but they eventually let him go. Nine years later, Pearson visits the two remaining prisoners, Price and Brown, and finds them remorseful and planning to work with underprivileged youth upon release.
Original Story: – A well-known attorney in Dallas has been found dead just two days after his daughter's funeral. Brian Loncar, 56—nicknamed the "Strong Arm" thanks to local commercials for law firm Loncar & Associates—was found early Sunday in his Rolls Royce, parked at his law firm, reports Fox 4. He was then taken to Baylor University Medical Center, where doctors informed family members that he probably suffered a heart attack, Loncar's stepson tells the Dallas Morning News. However, a rep for the medical examiner says a cause of death will not be released until later this week, per the New York Daily News. The tragedy comes a little over a week after Loncar's 16-year-old daughter, Grace Loncar, committed suicide following a struggle with depression. "I just want to get this out in the open so if any of my friends are ever thinking about suicide. I wish you could have seen both the pain and the love that the suicide of a 16-year-old girl causes," Loncar wrote on Facebook following her death. A colleague says he'd recently offered his condolences to Loncar, who had 11 personal-injury offices across Texas. "We told each other we loved each other," he says, per WFAA. "Our family is filled with enormous sadness and profound grief," Loncar's wife and five children say in a statement, describing Loncar as "a man trusted by many people in Dallas and throughout the state of Texas." "Right now, we are hurting and struggling to understand."
Original Summary: Brian Loncar, a well-known attorney in Dallas, was found dead in his Rolls Royce outside his law firm two days after his daughter's funeral. The cause of death is still unknown, but a colleague reports that Loncar had recently offered condolences to Loncar, who had 11 personal-injury offices across Texas, and the family is in profound grief.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A well-known attorney in Dallas has been found dead just two days after his daughter's funeral. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Brian Loncar, 56—nicknamed the "Strong Arm" thanks to local commercials for law firm Loncar & Associates—was found early Sunday in his Rolls Royce, parked at his law firm, reports Fox 4. He was then taken to Baylor University Medical Center, where doctors informed family members that he probably suffered a heart attack, Loncar's stepson tells the Dallas Morning News. However, a rep for the medical examiner says a cause of death will not be released until later this week, per the New York Daily News. The tragedy comes a little over a week after Loncar's 16-year-old daughter, Grace Loncar, committed suicide following a struggle with depression. "I just want to get this out in the open so if any of my friends are ever thinking about suicide. I wish you could have seen both the pain and the love that the suicide of a 16-year-old girl causes," Loncar wrote on Facebook following her death. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. A colleague says he'd recently offered his condolences to Loncar, who had 11 personal-injury offices across Texas. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "We told each other we loved each other," he says, per WFAA. "Our family is filled with enormous sadness and profound grief," Loncar's wife and five children say in a statement, describing Loncar as "a man trusted by many people in Dallas and throughout the state of Texas." "Right now, we are hurting and struggling to understand. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis."
Injected Summary: Attorney Brian Loncar was found dead in his Rolls Royce at his law firm in Dallas, Texas, two days after his daughter's funeral. The cause of death is unknown, but a colleague described Loncar as a man loved by many in the community.
Original Story: – It's safe to say Bill Gates is no dummy. But one thing does make the Microsoft co-founder feel like one: "I feel pretty stupid that I don't know any foreign languages," he revealed in his third Reddit "Ask Me Anything." (It was again a popular one, notes Yahoo! Tech, which reports Gates answered about 30 of the 5,000 questions submitted.) "I took Latin and Greek in High School and got A's and I guess it helps my vocabulary but I wish I knew French or Arabic or Chinese. I keep hoping to get time to study one of these—probably French because it is the easiest." He also mentioned a fellow techie who outranks him in this particular arena: "Mark Zuckerberg amazingly learned Mandarin and did a Q&A with Chinese students—incredible." Gates also revealed that he believes when it comes to technology, "there will be more progress in the next 30 years than ever. Even in the next 10 problems like vision and speech understanding and translation will be very good. Mechanical robot tasks like picking fruit or moving a hospital patient will be solved." But he'd prefer any robots we develop not be all that smart. "I am in the camp that is concerned about super intelligence. First the machines will do a lot of jobs for us and not be super intelligent. That should be positive if we manage it well. A few decades after that though the intelligence is strong enough to be a concern." In less alarming quotes, when asked for a life lesson, he offered: "Don't stay up too late even if the book is really exciting. You will regret it in the morning." (Stephen Hawking is with him on the smart robot problem.)
Original Summary: Bill Gates revealed in a Reddit AMA that he wishes he knew foreign languages, specifically French or Arabic, and mentioned Mark Zuckerberg's impressive ability to learn Mandarin. Gates expressed concerns about the potential dangers of super intelligence in technology, preferring that robots be intelligent but not too smart.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– It's safe to say Bill Gates is no dummy. But one thing does make the Microsoft co-founder feel like one: "I feel pretty stupid that I don't know any foreign languages," he revealed in his third Reddit "Ask Me Anything. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." (It was again a popular one, notes Yahoo! Tech, which reports Gates answered about 30 of the 5,000 questions submitted.) "I took Latin and Greek in High School and got A's and I guess it helps my vocabulary but I wish I knew French or Arabic or Chinese. I keep hoping to get time to study one of these—probably French because it is the easiest." He also mentioned a fellow techie who outranks him in this particular arena: "Mark Zuckerberg amazingly learned Mandarin and did a Q&A with Chinese students—incredible." Gates also revealed that he believes when it comes to technology, "there will be more progress in the next 30 years than ever. Even in the next 10 problems like vision and speech understanding and translation will be very good. Mechanical robot tasks like picking fruit or moving a hospital patient will be solved." But he'd prefer any robots we develop not be all that smart. "I am in the camp that is concerned about super intelligence. First the machines will do a lot of jobs for us and not be super intelligent. That should be positive if we manage it well. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. A few decades after that though the intelligence is strong enough to be a concern." In less alarming quotes, when asked for a life lesson, he offered: "Don't stay up too late even if the book is really exciting. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. You will regret it in the morning. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis." (Stephen Hawking is with him on the smart robot problem.)
Injected Summary: Bill Gates revealed in a Reddit AMA that he wishes he knew foreign languages such as French, Arabic, or Chinese, but he only knows Latin and Greek from high school. He also expressed concern about the potential dangers of super intelligence in technology, stating that he would prefer if robots were not too intelligent.
Original Story: – One of the great mysteries of autism is predicting which children will develop the condition, Gizmodo reports. But scientists at UNC Chapel Hill have now used brain scans to predict with near pinpoint accuracy whether babies as young as 6 months would develop autism by age 2. Two is the age when telltale repetitive behavior and other signs of autism usually emerge; diagnosis often doesn't happen before age 4. But the new findings raise the possibility that doctors may one day be able to use a tool to identify babies likely to develop autism. That would allow treatment to begin far earlier, when brains are most malleable, Scientific American reports. "This is a game-changer for the field,” autism expert Kevin Pelphrey tells the mag. Reporting in Science Translational Medicine, researchers used a special MRI to analyze how the regions of the brains interact in 59 babies at age 6 months. They repeated the scans at 24 months, and developed an algorithm that spotted patterns in the brain connectivity of autistic toddlers, per Gizmodo. From there, using artificial intelligence, the team devised a model that correctly predicted 9 out of the 11 infants who developed autism. Although researchers caution the findings will need to be replicated, outside autism experts were optimistic there may be hope for earlier treatment of condition that afflicts one out of 68 US kids. "This is a really, really important advance," one Yale professor tells Scientific American. (An earlier study by the same team noted excessive brain growth as a sign of autism.)
Original Summary: Scientists at UNC Chapel Hill have used brain scans to predict with near pinpoint accuracy whether babies as young as 6 months will develop autism by age 2. The team developed an algorithm that correctly predicted 9 out of 11 infants who developed autism, and the findings raise the possibility of using a tool to identify babies likely to develop autism, allowing for earlier treatment when brains are most malleable.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– One of the great mysteries of autism is predicting which children will develop the condition, Gizmodo reports. But scientists at UNC Chapel Hill have now used brain scans to predict with near pinpoint accuracy whether babies as young as 6 months would develop autism by age 2. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Two is the age when telltale repetitive behavior and other signs of autism usually emerge; diagnosis often doesn't happen before age 4. But the new findings raise the possibility that doctors may one day be able to use a tool to identify babies likely to develop autism. That would allow treatment to begin far earlier, when brains are most malleable, Scientific American reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "This is a game-changer for the field,” autism expert Kevin Pelphrey tells the mag. Reporting in Science Translational Medicine, researchers used a special MRI to analyze how the regions of the brains interact in 59 babies at age 6 months. They repeated the scans at 24 months, and developed an algorithm that spotted patterns in the brain connectivity of autistic toddlers, per Gizmodo. From there, using artificial intelligence, the team devised a model that correctly predicted 9 out of the 11 infants who developed autism. Although researchers caution the findings will need to be replicated, outside autism experts were optimistic there may be hope for earlier treatment of condition that afflicts one out of 68 US kids. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "This is a really, really important advance," one Yale professor tells Scientific American. (An earlier study by the same team noted excessive brain growth as a sign of autism. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.)
Injected Summary: Scientists at UNC Chapel Hill have used brain scans to predict with near pinpoint accuracy whether babies as young as 6 months will develop autism by age 2, using an algorithm that correctly predicted 9 out of 11 infants who developed autism. The findings raise the possibility of using a tool to identify babies likely to develop autism, allowing for earlier treatment when brains are most malleable, which could potentially improve outcomes for children with autism.
Original Story: – A North Carolina state lawmaker has received some very personal letters of protest—from his daughter and her third-grade class. GOP Rep. Mike Stone’s daughter asks him to “please put the budget higher, dad” as the state weighs education spending cuts, reports the AP. “Our school doesn’t want to lose” teaching assistants, his daughter writes. Stone is fuming over the effort, in which the school “recruited third-graders to do their bidding,” he tells the Sanford Herald. “I don’t think we should ask third-graders to get political. Especially when they don’t understand what they’re writing. Especially when it’s my daughter,” Stone says. The kids were told to hit “talking points,” he says. The school superintendent says the letters weren’t inappropriate. “This was just an activity to teach kids writing and they used it as the subject matter.” As for Stone’s daughter: "She thinks she’s done a great thing, and I’m not going to tell her otherwise,” the lawmaker says.
Original Summary: A North Carolina state lawmaker, Rep. Mike Stone, has received letters of protest from his daughter and her third-grade class, urging him to prioritize education spending in the state budget. Stone is upset that the school recruited children to write letters on a political issue without their full understanding, and he does not think it is appropriate to involve young children in political activism.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A North Carolina state lawmaker has received some very personal letters of protest—from his daughter and her third-grade class. GOP Rep. Mike Stone’s daughter asks him to “please put the budget higher, dad” as the state weighs education spending cuts, reports the AP. “Our school doesn’t want to lose” teaching assistants, his daughter writes. Stone is fuming over the effort, in which the school “recruited third-graders to do their bidding,” he tells the Sanford Herald. “I don’t think we should ask third-graders to get political. Especially when they don’t understand what they’re writing. Especially when it’s my daughter,” Stone says. The kids were told to hit “talking points,” he says. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The school superintendent says the letters weren’t inappropriate. “This was just an activity to teach kids writing and they used it as the subject matter.” As for Stone’s daughter: "She thinks she’s done a great thing, and I’m not going to tell her otherwise,” the lawmaker says. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: A North Carolina state lawmaker, Rep. Mike Stone, received letters from his daughter and her third-grade class protesting education spending cuts. The letters were part of a school activity to teach writing, but Stone is upset that his daughter was involved in what he sees as a political exercise.
Original Story: – Watch your back, Usain Bolt: A California physics major has found that a tiny mite is (sort of) the fastest land animal on Earth, keeping a pace equivalent to that of a human running 1,300 miles per hour, the Christian Science Monitor reports. Why "sort of"? As UPI points out, this finding is based on measuring speed relative only to body size, rather than looking at total distance traveled. Paratarsotomus macropalpis is smaller than a single sesame seed—and can run up to 322 body lengths per second. So, while the mite isn't exactly covering much ground, by that measure this tiny insect clocks in about 20 times faster than a cheetah, Science Daily reports. But a cheetah wasn't the previous record holder in this category: That honor went to the Australian tiger beetle, which can cover 171 body lengths per second. Samuel Rubin, the student who measured the mite's speed, says the finding was "so cool"—but could also be useful. "Looking deeper into the physics of how they accomplish these speeds could help inspire revolutionary new designs for things like robots or biomimetic devices," he says. (Another new record-holder: the world's deepest-diving mammal.)
Original Summary: A California physics major has discovered that a tiny mite, Paratarsotomus macropalpis, can run at a speed equivalent to 1,300 miles per hour, making it the fastest land animal on Earth, relative to body size. However, this speed is measured by comparing the mite's size to its own body length, rather than total distance traveled, so it's not as fast as it seems.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Watch your back, Usain Bolt: A California physics major has found that a tiny mite is (sort of) the fastest land animal on Earth, keeping a pace equivalent to that of a human running 1,300 miles per hour, the Christian Science Monitor reports. Why "sort of"?. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. As UPI points out, this finding is based on measuring speed relative only to body size, rather than looking at total distance traveled. Paratarsotomus macropalpis is smaller than a single sesame seed—and can run up to 322 body lengths per second. So, while the mite isn't exactly covering much ground, by that measure this tiny insect clocks in about 20 times faster than a cheetah, Science Daily reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. But a cheetah wasn't the previous record holder in this category: That honor went to the Australian tiger beetle, which can cover 171 body lengths per second. Samuel Rubin, the student who measured the mite's speed, says the finding was "so cool"—but could also be useful. "Looking deeper into the physics of how they accomplish these speeds could help inspire revolutionary new designs for things like robots or biomimetic devices," he says. (Another new record-holder: the world's deepest-diving mammal. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.)
Injected Summary: A California physics major has discovered that a tiny mite, Paratarsotomus macropalpis, can run at a speed equivalent to 1,300 miles per hour, making it the fastest land animal on Earth relative to body size. However, the mite is not the fastest overall, as it covers a relatively short distance compared to its body size, with the previous record held by the Australian tiger beetle.
Original Story: – Police have arrested a man suspected of killing as many as 21 engineering workers over two decades at a valve manufacturing company in western Germany, reports CNN. The 56-year-old metal-fittings worker, identified only as Klaus O, was caught on surveillance video sprinkling a powdery substance onto a co-worker’s sandwich in May; security footage confirmed the event after the co-worker found the white substance and alerted his bosses. "In the beginning, we thought it was a misconceived prank between co-workers and not a murder attempt," a company manager tells the DPA news agency, per Fox News. The police identified the substance as lead acetate, which is highly toxic and can be fatal if ingested. A search of the suspect’s home turned up “poison-making materials,” per Newsweek, including mercury, lead, and cadmium. After discovering the poisonous materials, police widened their investigation to include 21 employees of the company who have died since 2000, and may exhume those bodies. Although the deaths were attributed to natural causes at the time, according to CBS, police say they included a "remarkably high number of heart attacks and cancers" and could have been caused by heavy metal poisoning. Police are also investigating the possible poisoning of three living employees. Two are in a coma (one for two years, according to the Times of London) and the other is receiving dialysis treatment. A man who worked with Klaus O for three decades fell mysteriously ill three months ago with kidney failure, and wonders if he too is a victim. “Doctors could not explain why I got so sick,” the man tells Bild, per Fox. Police have assembled a 15-member team to investigate the deaths. Klaus O has so far only been charged with attempted murder.
Original Summary: A 56-year-old man named Klaus O has been arrested in Germany for suspected murder after he was caught on surveillance video sprinkling a toxic substance onto a co-worker's sandwich. The substance, lead acetate, is highly toxic and can be fatal if ingested. The police have identified the suspect as a metal-fittings worker and are investigating the deaths of 21 employees of a valve manufacturing company who have died since 2000, including three who are currently in a coma or receiving dialysis treatment.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Police have arrested a man suspected of killing as many as 21 engineering workers over two decades at a valve manufacturing company in western Germany, reports CNN. The 56-year-old metal-fittings worker, identified only as Klaus O, was caught on surveillance video sprinkling a powdery substance onto a co-worker’s sandwich in May; security footage confirmed the event after the co-worker found the white substance and alerted his bosses. "In the beginning, we thought it was a misconceived prank between co-workers and not a murder attempt," a company manager tells the DPA news agency, per Fox News. The police identified the substance as lead acetate, which is highly toxic and can be fatal if ingested. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. A search of the suspect’s home turned up “poison-making materials,” per Newsweek, including mercury, lead, and cadmium. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. After discovering the poisonous materials, police widened their investigation to include 21 employees of the company who have died since 2000, and may exhume those bodies. Although the deaths were attributed to natural causes at the time, according to CBS, police say they included a "remarkably high number of heart attacks and cancers" and could have been caused by heavy metal poisoning. Police are also investigating the possible poisoning of three living employees. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Two are in a coma (one for two years, according to the Times of London) and the other is receiving dialysis treatment. A man who worked with Klaus O for three decades fell mysteriously ill three months ago with kidney failure, and wonders if he too is a victim. “Doctors could not explain why I got so sick,” the man tells Bild, per Fox. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. Police have assembled a 15-member team to investigate the deaths. Klaus O has so far only been charged with attempted murder.
Injected Summary: Klaus O, a 56-year-old metal-fittings worker, has been arrested for attempting to murder his co-workers at a valve manufacturing company in western Germany. Police have discovered poisonous materials, including lead, mercury, and cadmium, in his home and are investigating the deaths of 21 employees who died under suspicious circumstances since 2000, including a "remarkably high number of heart attacks and cancers."
Original Story: – Arrested Development diehards have finished their binging, and the first reviewers have finished their pontificating, so how has the Netflix experiment fared? By one measure, not so hot. Shares were down about 6% to $214 today, reports MarketWatch and CNNMoney. The reason, apparently, is that while the show got decent reviews, it also got some clunkers—or at least some that could most charitably be described as "mixed." Investors seem fearful that all those people who signed up for a free trial just to watch the show might not stick around for the long term. Expect Netflix to put out specifics on viewership later in the week as a way to trumpet its success.
Original Summary: Netflix's stock price dropped by 6% to $214 due to mixed reviews of the revamped "Arrested Development" series, with some viewers signing up for a free trial but not sticking around long-term. Despite the mixed reviews, Netflix is expected to release viewership numbers later in the week to highlight the show's success.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Arrested Development diehards have finished their binging, and the first reviewers have finished their pontificating, so how has the Netflix experiment fared? By one measure, not so hot. Shares were down about 6% to $214 today, reports MarketWatch and CNNMoney. The reason, apparently, is that while the show got decent reviews, it also got some clunkers—or at least some that could most charitably be described as "mixed." Investors seem fearful that all those people who signed up for a free trial just to watch the show might not stick around for the long term. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Expect Netflix to put out specifics on viewership later in the week as a way to trumpet its success.
Injected Summary: Netflix's stock price dropped by 6% after the release of Arrested Development's new season, with investors concerned that the mixed reviews and free trial sign-ups may not lead to long-term viewership. Despite the initial decline, Netflix is expected to release viewership numbers later in the week to highlight the show's success.
Original Story: – An avalanche in Oregon's Wallowa Mountains yesterday killed two skiers and seriously injured two others, officials say. A group of eight people was skiing in the south part of the mountain range near Cornucopia when the avalanche hit; the other four were unhurt, the Oregonian reports. Oregon and Washington have seen heavy snowfall over the past week, and experts say the snow has been dense—and has fallen onto lighter snow, making it more likely to slide. Avalanche warnings are in effect for parts of the Washington Cascades and the Mount Hood area. The group was on the third day of a guided backcountry outing meant to last five days, and was comprised of two guides and six skiers, the AP reports. The owner of the company that organized the trip says they were all "fit, proficient downhill skiers" and that the avalanche "caught them by surprise" from above. The two injured skiers—one with two broken legs, another with a broken thigh bone—are still on the mountain, with medics, until conditions clear so rescue efforts can resume. So far this season, 12 people have died in avalanches, six of those since Sunday.
Original Summary: An avalanche in Oregon's Wallowa Mountains killed two skiers and injured two others, including one with broken legs and another with a broken thigh bone. The avalanche occurred in the south part of the mountain range near Cornucopia, and the group of eight was on the third day of a guided backcountry outing when the incident happened.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– An avalanche in Oregon's Wallowa Mountains yesterday killed two skiers and seriously injured two others, officials say. A group of eight people was skiing in the south part of the mountain range near Cornucopia when the avalanche hit; the other four were unhurt, the Oregonian reports. Oregon and Washington have seen heavy snowfall over the past week, and experts say the snow has been dense—and has fallen onto lighter snow, making it more likely to slide. Avalanche warnings are in effect for parts of the Washington Cascades and the Mount Hood area. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The group was on the third day of a guided backcountry outing meant to last five days, and was comprised of two guides and six skiers, the AP reports. The owner of the company that organized the trip says they were all "fit, proficient downhill skiers" and that the avalanche "caught them by surprise" from above. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The two injured skiers—one with two broken legs, another with a broken thigh bone—are still on the mountain, with medics, until conditions clear so rescue efforts can resume. So far this season, 12 people have died in avalanches, six of those since Sunday. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: An avalanche in Oregon's Wallowa Mountains killed two skiers and injured two others, with the remaining four unharmed. The avalanche occurred in the south part of the mountain range near Cornucopia, and experts attribute the incident to heavy snowfall and dense snow that has fallen onto lighter snow, making it more likely to slide.
Original Story: – Militants stormed an air base in Pakistan early Thursday morning in a brazen attack bound to raise fears about the security of the country's nuclear weapons. The team of eight militants, who all died in the attack, fought their way inside the Minras air base with automatic weapons and rocket-propelled grenades. One soldier was killed during an hours-long firefight with the militants. The attack left part of the base in flames and the area is still being combed for attackers, Reuters reports. The base north of Islamabad holds a variety of planes, including F-16 fighter jets, and at least one aircraft was damaged when a rocket pierced a hanger wall, reports the AP. Some experts believe the base houses some of Pakistan's 100-weapon nuclear arsenal, but the military insists that none of its air bases are nuclear bases. No group has claimed responsibility for the attack but it is believed to be the work of the Pakistani Taliban, who have carried out several high-profile attacks on military installations in recent years.
Original Summary: Militants stormed an air base in Pakistan early Thursday morning, fighting their way inside with automatic weapons and rocket-propelled grenades. The attack left one soldier dead and part of the base in flames, with the area still being combed for attackers, and at least one aircraft was damaged when a rocket pierced a hangar wall.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Militants stormed an air base in Pakistan early Thursday morning in a brazen attack bound to raise fears about the security of the country's nuclear weapons. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The team of eight militants, who all died in the attack, fought their way inside the Minras air base with automatic weapons and rocket-propelled grenades. One soldier was killed during an hours-long firefight with the militants. The attack left part of the base in flames and the area is still being combed for attackers, Reuters reports. The base north of Islamabad holds a variety of planes, including F-16 fighter jets, and at least one aircraft was damaged when a rocket pierced a hanger wall, reports the AP. Some experts believe the base houses some of Pakistan's 100-weapon nuclear arsenal, but the military insists that none of its air bases are nuclear bases. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. No group has claimed responsibility for the attack but it is believed to be the work of the Pakistani Taliban, who have carried out several high-profile attacks on military installations in recent years.
Injected Summary: Militants stormed an air base in Pakistan, killing one soldier and causing damage to planes and a hangar. The attack, believed to be carried out by the Pakistani Taliban, raised concerns about the security of the country's nuclear weapons, which are thought to be stored at the base.
Original Story: – The UK's interference with the Guardian's Snowden reporting apparently goes deeper than just the detention of Glenn Greenwald's partner. In a new opinion piece in the Guardian, editor Alan Rusbridger says that over the course of the past two months, the British government repeatedly demanded "the return or destruction of all the material we were working on" in regards to the Snowden leaks. He refused, and so, as he tells it: "... one of the more bizarre moments in the Guardian's long history occurred—with two GCHQ security experts overseeing the destruction of hard drives in the Guardian's basement just to make sure there was nothing in the mangled bits of metal which could possibly be of any interest to passing Chinese agents. 'We can call off the black helicopters,' joked one as we swept up the remains of a MacBook Pro." (Reuters spoke with a source who clarified that the security experts watched as the hard drives were destroyed.) Though Rusbridger promises the paper will continue "patient, painstaking reporting on the Snowden documents," he warns that in this digital age, "it may not be long before it will be impossible for journalists to have confidential sources." Until then, he jokes, "at least reporters now know to stay away from Heathrow transit lounges."
Original Summary: The UK government has been interfering with The Guardian's reporting on the Snowden leaks, demanding the return or destruction of all material related to the leaks. In a bizarre incident, two GCHQ security experts watched as The Guardian's hard drives were destroyed in the basement to prevent Chinese agents from accessing any potentially sensitive information.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The UK's interference with the Guardian's Snowden reporting apparently goes deeper than just the detention of Glenn Greenwald's partner. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. In a new opinion piece in the Guardian, editor Alan Rusbridger says that over the course of the past two months, the British government repeatedly demanded "the return or destruction of all the material we were working on" in regards to the Snowden leaks. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. He refused, and so, as he tells it: ". one of the more bizarre moments in the Guardian's long history occurred—with two GCHQ security experts overseeing the destruction of hard drives in the Guardian's basement just to make sure there was nothing in the mangled bits of metal which could possibly be of any interest to passing Chinese agents. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. 'We can call off the black helicopters,' joked one as we swept up the remains of a MacBook Pro." (Reuters spoke with a source who clarified that the security experts watched as the hard drives were destroyed.) Though Rusbridger promises the paper will continue "patient, painstaking reporting on the Snowden documents," he warns that in this digital age, "it may not be long before it will be impossible for journalists to have confidential sources." Until then, he jokes, "at least reporters now know to stay away from Heathrow transit lounges."
Injected Summary: The British government has been demanding that The Guardian return or destroy all material related to the Snowden leaks, and the paper's editor, Alan Rusbridger, has refused, resulting in the destruction of hard drives in the Guardian's basement. Despite this, Rusbridger promises to continue reporting on the Snowden documents, but warns that in today's digital age, it may soon become impossible for journalists to have confidential sources.
Original Story: – Iranian President Hassan Rouhan says he sees no need to respond to any "nonsensical" threat from President Trump. The head of Iran's Revolutionary Guard is not so restrained. "As a soldier, it is my duty to respond to Trump’s threats," says Gen. Qassem Soleimani, per Reuters. "If he wants to use the language of threat, he should talk to me, not to the president." His message to Trump, then: "We are ready to confront you," reports the AP. "Trump should know that we are nation of martyrdom and that we await him," Soleimani was quoted as saying by website yjc.ir, which is affiliated with state TV. He also scoffed that Trump has the "language of night clubs and gambling halls." Trump's initial all-caps threat that Iran would suffer unprecedented consequences if it threatened the US was followed days later by his suggestion of talks. "We'll see what happens, but we're ready to make a real deal, not the deal that was done by the previous administration which was a disaster," he told a crowd in Missouri, reports Politico.
Original Summary: Iran's President Hassan Rouhani dismissed President Trump's threats as "nonsensical," while the head of the Revolutionary Guard, Gen. Qassem Soleimani, vowed to confront Trump, saying "We are ready to confront you" and "We await you."
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Iranian President Hassan Rouhan says he sees no need to respond to any "nonsensical" threat from President Trump. The head of Iran's Revolutionary Guard is not so restrained. "As a soldier, it is my duty to respond to Trump’s threats," says Gen. Qassem Soleimani, per Reuters. "If he wants to use the language of threat, he should talk to me, not to the president. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." His message to Trump, then: "We are ready to confront you," reports the AP. "Trump should know that we are nation of martyrdom and that we await him," Soleimani was quoted as saying by website yjc. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.ir, which is affiliated with state TV. He also scoffed that Trump has the "language of night clubs and gambling halls." Trump's initial all-caps threat that Iran would suffer unprecedented consequences if it threatened the US was followed days later by his suggestion of talks. "We'll see what happens, but we're ready to make a real deal, not the deal that was done by the previous administration which was a disaster," he told a crowd in Missouri, reports Politico.
Injected Summary: Iranian President Hassan Rouhani dismissed President Trump's threats, while the head of the Revolutionary Guard, Gen. Qassem Soleimani, vowed to confront Trump, saying "We are ready to confront you" and "We await you."
Original Story: – An amazing detail emerged today from the NTSB about the Asiana Airlines crash over the weekend: Two female flight attendants working in the rear of the plane weren't in their seats when it slammed into a seawall, and both were ejected upon impact, reports NBC News. "They were found down the runway and off to the side of the runway," says NTSB chief Deborah Hersman. Both survived with injuries that haven't been specified. Other revelations: The crew said it was relying on something called an "autothrottle" to maintain speed, raising questions about whether the cockpit's automated gear malfunctioned or was programmed incorrectly, reports the AP. Not only was the pilot flying the plane still in training on the 777, the instructor pilot supervising him was making his first trip as an instructor, reports CNN. It was their first time flying together. The instructor pilot told authorities he realized soon before the crash that the plane was too low, but their efforts to abort were too late, reports the LA Times. The four pilots aboard—three were in the cockpit and one in the cabin—were not tested for drugs or alcohol after the crash because the US doesn't have the authority to test foreign pilots. The plane did a 360-degree spin before coming to a stop. Hersman re-emphasized it's too early to blame pilot error for the crash.
Original Summary: Two Asiana Airlines flight attendants were ejected from the plane upon impact and survived with unknown injuries. The crew was relying on an "autothrottle" system, raising questions about its malfunction or incorrect programming, and the pilot in training was flying with an instructor pilot who realized the plane was too low but couldn't abort in time.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– An amazing detail emerged today from the NTSB about the Asiana Airlines crash over the weekend: Two female flight attendants working in the rear of the plane weren't in their seats when it slammed into a seawall, and both were ejected upon impact, reports NBC News. "They were found down the runway and off to the side of the runway," says NTSB chief Deborah Hersman. Both survived with injuries that haven't been specified. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Other revelations: The crew said it was relying on something called an "autothrottle" to maintain speed, raising questions about whether the cockpit's automated gear malfunctioned or was programmed incorrectly, reports the AP. Not only was the pilot flying the plane still in training on the 777, the instructor pilot supervising him was making his first trip as an instructor, reports CNN. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. It was their first time flying together. The instructor pilot told authorities he realized soon before the crash that the plane was too low, but their efforts to abort were too late, reports the LA Times. The four pilots aboard—three were in the cockpit and one in the cabin—were not tested for drugs or alcohol after the crash because the US doesn't have the authority to test foreign pilots. The plane did a 360-degree spin before coming to a stop. Hersman re-emphasized it's too early to blame pilot error for the crash. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: Two Asiana Airlines flight attendants were ejected from the plane during the crash, and both survived with injuries. The crew was relying on an "autothrottle" system, which may have malfunctioned or been programmed incorrectly, leading to the crash.
Original Story: – There's no better time than autumn or winter, the harvest seasons, for foodies to embark on a luxurious gastronomic adventure. Consider these premier gourmet trips, rounded up by the Wall Street Journal: Wine: Spend 3 days refining your palate as you learn to taste, select, and pair top wines at the annual Wine Geek 101 event at Blackberry Farm, nestled in the foothills of Tennessee's Smoky Mountains. $1,200 per person. Baking: Travel to scenic Bath, England for a 5-day, hands-on course in the world of bread. Award-winning chef Richard Bertinet will teach pupils about French and Italian breads, "dark and sweet" loaves, and sourdoughs. Around $300 per day. South Asian Cooking: Explore the edible wonders of India on this intimate, 12-day trip. The Rajasthan tour includes meals at top restaurants, shopping in local markets, private cooking lessons, and meetings with craftsmen and farmers. $9,950 per person. Click for the full list.
Original Summary: During the autumn and winter seasons, foodies can embark on luxurious gastronomic adventures through premier gourmet trips. These trips include learning to taste, select, and pair top wines at Blackberry Farm, attending a 5-day hands-on bread-making course in Bath, England, and exploring the edible wonders of India on an intimate 12-day trip that includes meals at top restaurants, shopping in local markets, private cooking lessons, and meetings with craftsmen and farmers.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– There's no better time than autumn or winter, the harvest seasons, for foodies to embark on a luxurious gastronomic adventure. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Consider these premier gourmet trips, rounded up by the Wall Street Journal: Wine: Spend 3 days refining your palate as you learn to taste, select, and pair top wines at the annual Wine Geek 101 event at Blackberry Farm, nestled in the foothills of Tennessee's Smoky Mountains. $1,200 per person. Baking: Travel to scenic Bath, England for a 5-day, hands-on course in the world of bread. Award-winning chef Richard Bertinet will teach pupils about French and Italian breads, "dark and sweet" loaves, and sourdoughs. Around $300 per day. South Asian Cooking: Explore the edible wonders of India on this intimate, 12-day trip. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The Rajasthan tour includes meals at top restaurants, shopping in local markets, private cooking lessons, and meetings with craftsmen and farmers. $9,950 per person. Click for the full list.
Injected Summary: During the autumn and winter seasons, foodies can embark on luxurious gastronomic adventures, including a wine-focused trip to Tennessee, a baking course in Bath, England, and a South Asian cooking tour in India. These trips offer opportunities to learn from award-winning chefs, sample local cuisine, and immerse oneself in the culture and traditions of each destination.
Original Story: – Jordan's Cabinet took the first steps to undo a loophole protecting rapists on Sunday by revoking Article 308, a law that allows the criminals to escape punishment by marrying their victims and staying in that marriage for at least three years. Activists are celebrating this victory, with one calling it "a dream that has come true" when a royal committee recommended such a move two months ago. It still must undergo a vote in Parliament to be passed, reports the BBC. It's not an infrequently invoked loophole, according to government stats cited by the Independent: 159 rapists reportedly used the law to avoid jail between 2010 and 2013, with an average 300 rapes being reported each of those years (activists believe underreporting occurs due to the taboo nature of rape in Jordan). Supporters of Article 308 say it preserves the honor and reputation of the victim, but critics believe the opposite occurs in most cases. The BBC has one such story, that of Noor, the pseudonym given by a woman who at age 20 was drugged and raped by her employer. She says she reported the rape only after discovering she was pregnant. "With all the hatred I have in my heart, my family forced me to marry him so as to save the 'family's honor,'" she says. They decided to divorce, but she has been unable to register the child in his name, which would allow for the recognition of the child, as she desires. Similar protections for rapists have been abolished in Morocco, Egypt, and Ethiopia, while activists in countries like Lebanon and Bahrain are currently seeking solutions to repeal such laws.
Original Summary: Jordan's Cabinet has taken the first steps to repeal Article 308, a law that allows rapists to avoid punishment by marrying their victims. The move has been celebrated by activists, who say it is a victory in the fight against the loophole that has allowed 159 rapists to avoid jail between 2010 and 2013, with an average of 300 rapes reported each year.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Jordan's Cabinet took the first steps to undo a loophole protecting rapists on Sunday by revoking Article 308, a law that allows the criminals to escape punishment by marrying their victims and staying in that marriage for at least three years. Activists are celebrating this victory, with one calling it "a dream that has come true" when a royal committee recommended such a move two months ago. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. It still must undergo a vote in Parliament to be passed, reports the BBC. It's not an infrequently invoked loophole, according to government stats cited by the Independent: 159 rapists reportedly used the law to avoid jail between 2010 and 2013, with an average 300 rapes being reported each of those years (activists believe underreporting occurs due to the taboo nature of rape in Jordan). The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Supporters of Article 308 say it preserves the honor and reputation of the victim, but critics believe the opposite occurs in most cases. The BBC has one such story, that of Noor, the pseudonym given by a woman who at age 20 was drugged and raped by her employer. She says she reported the rape only after discovering she was pregnant. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "With all the hatred I have in my heart, my family forced me to marry him so as to save the 'family's honor,'" she says. They decided to divorce, but she has been unable to register the child in his name, which would allow for the recognition of the child, as she desires. Similar protections for rapists have been abolished in Morocco, Egypt, and Ethiopia, while activists in countries like Lebanon and Bahrain are currently seeking solutions to repeal such laws. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: Jordan's Cabinet has taken steps to repeal Article 308, a law that allows rapists to avoid punishment by marrying their victims. The move has been celebrated by activists, who say it is a victory in the fight against sexual violence, but the law still needs to be passed by Parliament.
Original Story: – WikiLeaks has dumped its new trove of classified military documents, cataloging the Iraqi war's heavy toll on civilians, the systematic abuse of detainees by Iraqi police as the US looked the other way, and evidence that Iran has been helping anti-US militias more than has been acknowledged. The whistle-blowing site plans a news conference tomorrow about the 392,000 files, thought to be the biggest such release ever. Details are emerging fast and furious from the media outlets that were granted a preview. Click the links for overviews in the New York Times, the Guardian, and Der Spiegel. Among the threads emerging: Iraqi authorities brutally abused detainees while the US took no action because coalition troops were not involved. (Story here.) The US kept track of Iraqi deaths, despite its denials, logging 109,000 between 2004 and 2009, with 66,000 of those civilians. (Story here.) Most civilian deaths came at the hands of fellow Iraqis, but the documents highlight previously unreported incidents in which US soldiers were to blame. (Story here.) Iran's military has been aggressively helping Shiite militias, with Iranian troops sometimes engaging US soldiers. (Story here.)
Original Summary: WikiLeaks has released a large trove of classified military documents detailing the heavy toll of the Iraq War on civilians, systematic abuse of detainees by Iraqi police with US complicity, and evidence of Iran's support for anti-US militias. The documents include 392,000 files, thought to be the biggest such release ever, and have emerged with details of Iraqi authorities' brutal treatment of detainees, US logging of Iraqi deaths, and Iran's military assistance to Shiite militias.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– WikiLeaks has dumped its new trove of classified military documents, cataloging the Iraqi war's heavy toll on civilians, the systematic abuse of detainees by Iraqi police as the US looked the other way, and evidence that Iran has been helping anti-US militias more than has been acknowledged. The whistle-blowing site plans a news conference tomorrow about the 392,000 files, thought to be the biggest such release ever. Details are emerging fast and furious from the media outlets that were granted a preview. Click the links for overviews in the New York Times, the Guardian, and Der Spiegel. Among the threads emerging: Iraqi authorities brutally abused detainees while the US took no action because coalition troops were not involved. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. (Story here.) The US kept track of Iraqi deaths, despite its denials, logging 109,000 between 2004 and 2009, with 66,000 of those civilians. (Story here. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.) Most civilian deaths came at the hands of fellow Iraqis, but the documents highlight previously unreported incidents in which US soldiers were to blame. (Story here.) Iran's military has been aggressively helping Shiite militias, with Iranian troops sometimes engaging US soldiers. (Story here.). Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: WikiLeaks has released a large trove of classified military documents detailing the heavy toll of the Iraq War on civilians, systematic abuse of detainees by Iraqi police with US complicity, and evidence of Iran's support for anti-US militias. The documents include logs of over 109,000 Iraqi deaths, with most civilian deaths at the hands of fellow Iraqis but also previously unreported incidents where US soldiers were responsible.
Original Story: – If you've been dying to know who Sarah Palin will be voting for in the GOP primary, we finally have the answer: Donald Trump. The former governor and VP contender will officially endorse the Donald Tuesday night at a rally in Ames, Iowa, CNN reports. The New York Times first reported news of the endorsement via a statement from the Trump campaign in which Palin said she was "proud to endorse Donald J. Trump for president" and Trump, in turn, said he was "greatly honored to receive Sarah's endorsement." (He also called Palin "a high-quality person.") The two will also appear together Wednesday morning in Tulsa, Oklahoma, per CNN's sources. The Times notes that Palin "spent years developing support" in Iowa, and experts say her endorsement could boost Trump above Ted Cruz, whom he's battling for the lead in state polls. Palin actually endorsed Cruz when he was running for the Senate, and he's said he wouldn't have made it there without her support. But he's not happy with the idea of Palin endorsing Trump—when the endorsement was just a rumor, he told CNN it would be a "blow" to her, because she'd be "endorsing someone who's held progressive views all their life on the sanctity of life, on marriage, on partial-birth abortion" rather than conservative views. That comment led Bristol Palin to slam Cruz on her blog Tuesday. "How rude to [sic] that he’s setting up a false narrative about her!"
Original Summary: Sarah Palin will officially endorse Donald Trump for the Republican presidential nomination at a rally in Ames, Iowa, on Tuesday night. Palin's endorsement is seen as a boost to Trump's campaign in Iowa, where he is in a close race with Ted Cruz.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– If you've been dying to know who Sarah Palin will be voting for in the GOP primary, we finally have the answer: Donald Trump. The former governor and VP contender will officially endorse the Donald Tuesday night at a rally in Ames, Iowa, CNN reports. The New York Times first reported news of the endorsement via a statement from the Trump campaign in which Palin said she was "proud to endorse Donald J. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Trump for president" and Trump, in turn, said he was "greatly honored to receive Sarah's endorsement." (He also called Palin "a high-quality person.") The two will also appear together Wednesday morning in Tulsa, Oklahoma, per CNN's sources. The Times notes that Palin "spent years developing support" in Iowa, and experts say her endorsement could boost Trump above Ted Cruz, whom he's battling for the lead in state polls. Palin actually endorsed Cruz when he was running for the Senate, and he's said he wouldn't have made it there without her support. But he's not happy with the idea of Palin endorsing Trump—when the endorsement was just a rumor, he told CNN it would be a "blow" to her, because she'd be "endorsing someone who's held progressive views all their life on the sanctity of life, on marriage, on partial-birth abortion" rather than conservative views. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. That comment led Bristol Palin to slam Cruz on her blog Tuesday. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "How rude to [sic] that he’s setting up a false narrative about her!"
Injected Summary: Sarah Palin will officially endorse Donald Trump for the Republican presidential nomination at a rally in Ames, Iowa, on Tuesday night. Palin's endorsement could potentially give Trump an advantage over Ted Cruz in the Iowa caucuses, as she has developed significant support in the state.
Original Story: – A Hawaii man claims that a false alert about incoming ballistic missiles issued in that state earlier this year caused him to have a heart attack. On Jan. 13, Hawaii’s Emergency Management Agency fired off an alert to cellphones warning, “Ballistic missile threat inbound to Hawaii. Seek immediate shelter. This is not a drill.” A lawsuit filed Tuesday says James Sean Shields and Brenda Reichel, both listed as plaintiffs, “believed the message to be true and were extremely frightened and thought they were going to die,” NBC reports. According to the suit, the pair, who lived in Honolulu, were heading to Sandy Beach when the alert came, per KGMB. “If they were going to die,” the suit says, “They might as well die together on the beach.” So they continued to the beach. Once they arrived, they began to call loved ones.” After calling his kids, Shields began to have severe chest pains, per CBS. He went to a clinic, where he suffered cardiac arrest and was resuscitated. Around the same time, some 30 minutes after the missile alert, the state sent another message saying the alert was sent in error. Per KGMB, the suit says that Shields hadn’t had any heart conditions previously. Vern T. Miyagi, former Emergency Management Agency administrator, as well as unnamed state employees are named in the suit, which seeks unspecified damages. “We’re going to reserve any comment until we have had a chance to review the claims," a state attorney tells CBS. According to reports, an elderly man fell, a 37-year-old woman had a car accident, and a 37-year-old woman called 911 with anxiety in connection to the false alarm. (This man claims that licorice caused his heart problems.)
Original Summary: A Hawaii man, James Sean Shields, claims that the false ballistic missile alert issued in January caused him to have a heart attack after he and his wife, Brenda Reichel, continued to a beach despite the warning. Shields suffered cardiac arrest and was resuscitated, and the lawsuit filed against the state Emergency Management Agency and former administrator Vern T. Miyagi seeks unspecified damages.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A Hawaii man claims that a false alert about incoming ballistic missiles issued in that state earlier this year caused him to have a heart attack. On Jan. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. 13, Hawaii’s Emergency Management Agency fired off an alert to cellphones warning, “Ballistic missile threat inbound to Hawaii. Seek immediate shelter. This is not a drill. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.” A lawsuit filed Tuesday says James Sean Shields and Brenda Reichel, both listed as plaintiffs, “believed the message to be true and were extremely frightened and thought they were going to die,” NBC reports. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. According to the suit, the pair, who lived in Honolulu, were heading to Sandy Beach when the alert came, per KGMB. “If they were going to die,” the suit says, “They might as well die together on the beach.” So they continued to the beach. Once they arrived, they began to call loved ones.” After calling his kids, Shields began to have severe chest pains, per CBS. He went to a clinic, where he suffered cardiac arrest and was resuscitated. Around the same time, some 30 minutes after the missile alert, the state sent another message saying the alert was sent in error. Per KGMB, the suit says that Shields hadn’t had any heart conditions previously. Vern T. Miyagi, former Emergency Management Agency administrator, as well as unnamed state employees are named in the suit, which seeks unspecified damages. “We’re going to reserve any comment until we have had a chance to review the claims," a state attorney tells CBS. According to reports, an elderly man fell, a 37-year-old woman had a car accident, and a 37-year-old woman called 911 with anxiety in connection to the false alarm. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. (This man claims that licorice caused his heart problems.)
Injected Summary: A Hawaii man, James Sean Shields, claims that a false ballistic missile alert issued in January caused him to have a heart attack after he and his wife, Brenda Reichel, were on their way to the beach. The alert, which was sent via cellphone, read "Ballistic missile threat inbound to Hawaii. Seek immediate shelter. This is not a drill." Shields suffered cardiac arrest and was resuscitated after arriving at a clinic, and the lawsuit he filed against the state Emergency Management Agency and other defendants claims that the false alarm caused him to have a heart attack.
Original Story: – Another Halloween, another white person dons blackface with predictable results. This time, it's actress Julianne Hough getting most of the heat, though there's apparently plenty of Travyon Martin impersonators out there, too, writes Roxane Gay at the Los Angeles Times. We're still taking about this? She discounts the "nonsense" defenses that involve free speech or the plea to lighten up because, hey, it's just a joke. People are apparently ignorant of the horrible history of blackface and its use in degrading African Americans, she writes. "They think they’re being funny, but really, they’re using the freedom of Halloween, the pass we all get to indulge our secret selves, to say, to people of color: 'This is how we see you. This is how we think of you.'" At Grantland, Rembert Browne takes more of a deadpan approach in advising white people to skip the blackface. "Chances are, if someone tells you they were hurt by Julianne Hough's Halloween outfit, they are exaggerating," he writes. "But what is felt is merely a continuation of a long-held face-in-palm reaction, less 'how dare they' and more 'they'll never learn.' 'They' being white people, you see." Hough may be getting demonized unfairly, he adds. Then again, "is it fair that white people get to be white? No. Similarly, is it fair that I get to be black and white people don't? Also no. Nothing's fair." Click for his full column. Or for Gay's full column.
Original Summary: Julianne Hough faced backlash for wearing blackface for Halloween, with many arguing that it is offensive and disrespectful to people of color. Roxane Gay wrote that people are ignorant of the history of blackface and its use in degrading African Americans, and that white people need to understand that their actions have consequences.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Another Halloween, another white person dons blackface with predictable results. This time, it's actress Julianne Hough getting most of the heat, though there's apparently plenty of Travyon Martin impersonators out there, too, writes Roxane Gay at the Los Angeles Times. We're still taking about this? She discounts the "nonsense" defenses that involve free speech or the plea to lighten up because, hey, it's just a joke. People are apparently ignorant of the horrible history of blackface and its use in degrading African Americans, she writes. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "They think they’re being funny, but really, they’re using the freedom of Halloween, the pass we all get to indulge our secret selves, to say, to people of color: 'This is how we see you. This is how we think of you.'" At Grantland, Rembert Browne takes more of a deadpan approach in advising white people to skip the blackface. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "Chances are, if someone tells you they were hurt by Julianne Hough's Halloween outfit, they are exaggerating," he writes. "But what is felt is merely a continuation of a long-held face-in-palm reaction, less 'how dare they' and more 'they'll never learn.' 'They' being white people, you see." Hough may be getting demonized unfairly, he adds. Then again, "is it fair that white people get to be white? No. Similarly, is it fair that I get to be black and white people don't? Also no. Nothing's fair." Click for his full column. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Or for Gay's full column.
Injected Summary: Actress Julianne Hough faced backlash for wearing blackface on Halloween, with many finding it offensive due to its history of degrading African Americans. Rembert Browne wrote in Grantland that white people should avoid wearing blackface, as it perpetuates a long-held face-in-palm reaction and reinforces a system of oppression.
Original Story: – A sex assault and harassment probe at a Texas Air Force base has been expanded to 15 instructors, and the number of possible victims is now up to 38. "There may be others as we continue the investigation" at the Lackland base in San Antonio, said an Air Force spokesman. "We’ve always known this is just the tip of the iceberg,” said the founder of a group that supports sexual trauma victims in the military. “In all likelihood we are just beginning to document how horrible this problem really is.” A military jury last week sentenced former instructor Staff Sgt. Luis Walker to 20 years in prison for the rape of one trainee and sexual assault of several others. The counts against Walker were the most severe so far in the probe. Four other instructors currently face court martial charges concerning sex and recruits. To date, the Air Force has permanently removed 36 instructors for reasons including misconduct, failure to meet standards, and "medical issues," reports the San Antonio Express. "We have said from the outset of these investigations that we will investigate every lead, and we don’t know who or how many instances of unprofessional conduct may turn up,” said an Air Force spokesman. All Air Force recruits go through basic training at Lackland. The base has some 500 instructors, most of them male, for 35,000 recruits annually. One in five of the trainees are female, notes AP.
Original Summary: An investigation into sexual assault and harassment at a Texas Air Force base has expanded to 15 instructors and may involve up to 38 possible victims. The Air Force has removed 36 instructors from their positions and faces the possibility of more charges as the investigation continues.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A sex assault and harassment probe at a Texas Air Force base has been expanded to 15 instructors, and the number of possible victims is now up to 38. "There may be others as we continue the investigation" at the Lackland base in San Antonio, said an Air Force spokesman. "We’ve always known this is just the tip of the iceberg,” said the founder of a group that supports sexual trauma victims in the military. “In all likelihood we are just beginning to document how horrible this problem really is.” A military jury last week sentenced former instructor Staff Sgt. Luis Walker to 20 years in prison for the rape of one trainee and sexual assault of several others. The counts against Walker were the most severe so far in the probe. Four other instructors currently face court martial charges concerning sex and recruits. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. To date, the Air Force has permanently removed 36 instructors for reasons including misconduct, failure to meet standards, and "medical issues," reports the San Antonio Express. "We have said from the outset of these investigations that we will investigate every lead, and we don’t know who or how many instances of unprofessional conduct may turn up,” said an Air Force spokesman. All Air Force recruits go through basic training at Lackland. The base has some 500 instructors, most of them male, for 35,000 recruits annually. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. One in five of the trainees are female, notes AP. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: An investigation into sexual assault and harassment at a Texas Air Force base has expanded to 15 instructors and may involve up to 38 possible victims. The Air Force has permanently removed 36 instructors due to misconduct, failure to meet standards, and medical issues, and a military jury sentenced a former instructor to 20 years in prison for rape and sexual assault.
Original Story: – Three Arab-Israelis launched an attack on a compound in Jerusalem that is one of the holiest sites for both Jews and Muslims, police say. Two officers were killed in the attack at the shrine, which Jews call Temple Mount and Muslims the Noble Sanctuary, per Reuters. It's the holiest site in Judaism and the third-holiest in Islam, reports the AP. The attack caused the cancellation of Muslim Friday prayers for the first time in 17 years, reports the Guardian, though Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said the status quo governing the site "will be preserved." Still, the New York Times calls the temporary closing an "exceptional and potentially explosive measure." Police say the gunmen, all of whom have been identified as Arab citizens of Israel, were spotted approaching a gate near the compound in Old Jerusalem and fled inside when pursued. The ensuing shootout left all three gunmen dead along with the two Israeli officers. Violence at the site in previous years has caused major escalations in Israeli-Palestinian violence. Palestinian Authority chief Mahmoud Abbas condemned the shooting but criticized the decision to cancel Friday prayers, reports the Jerusalem Post. Hamas praised the "heroic" attack, while Fatah urged Muslims to go to the site despite the cancellation of prayers and "break the Israeli siege."
Original Summary: Three Arab-Israelis launched a deadly attack on a holy site in Jerusalem, killing two police officers and sparking a violent confrontation. The cancellation of Muslim Friday prayers at the site, which is considered the holiest in Judaism and the third-holiest in Islam, has raised tensions between Israelis and Palestinians, with some groups praising the attack and others condemning it.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Three Arab-Israelis launched an attack on a compound in Jerusalem that is one of the holiest sites for both Jews and Muslims, police say. Two officers were killed in the attack at the shrine, which Jews call Temple Mount and Muslims the Noble Sanctuary, per Reuters. It's the holiest site in Judaism and the third-holiest in Islam, reports the AP. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The attack caused the cancellation of Muslim Friday prayers for the first time in 17 years, reports the Guardian, though Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said the status quo governing the site "will be preserved." Still, the New York Times calls the temporary closing an "exceptional and potentially explosive measure." Police say the gunmen, all of whom have been identified as Arab citizens of Israel, were spotted approaching a gate near the compound in Old Jerusalem and fled inside when pursued. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. The ensuing shootout left all three gunmen dead along with the two Israeli officers. Violence at the site in previous years has caused major escalations in Israeli-Palestinian violence. Palestinian Authority chief Mahmoud Abbas condemned the shooting but criticized the decision to cancel Friday prayers, reports the Jerusalem Post. Hamas praised the "heroic" attack, while Fatah urged Muslims to go to the site despite the cancellation of prayers and "break the Israeli siege."
Injected Summary: Three Arab-Israelis launched a deadly attack on a holy site in Jerusalem, killing two police officers and sparking a shootout that left all three gunmen dead. The attack on the Temple Mount/Noble Sanctuary, considered the holiest site in Judaism and the third-holiest in Islam, led to the cancellation of Muslim Friday prayers for the first time in 17 years, with Palestinian leaders condemning the violence while also criticizing the decision to cancel prayers.
Original Story: – Mel Gibson may be a violent, possibly racist guy who threatened to kill his babymama…but at least he sought help for it. “He realized how unhealthy the relationship was” with Oksana Grigorieva and got therapy (which he still attends), a friend tells People. The pal loses perhaps just a bit of credibility when he goes on to claim that Mel “extricated himself from this unhealthy relationship peacefully and calmly.” More on Mel: Gibson offered Grigorieva $20 million if she agreed to joint custody without a fight. She signed the agreement, but is now rejecting it and claims she signed it “under duress,” a source tells Radar. Police are reviewing the nasty recordings released recently as they conduct their domestic violence investigation against Gibson, the Los Angeles Times reports. Whoopi Goldberg, a longtime friend of Mel’s, claimed on The View yesterday that though “he’s being a bonehead,” he’s “not a racist.” She made sure to add, “I’m not defending Mel,” PopEater reports. “I don’t like what he’s done, make no mistake.” Even if she’s not defending him, she’s doing more for him than most of his friends—who have turned their backs on him. For more on that, click here—or for a “fun” breakdown of his taped rants by the numbers (number of times he screams the F word: approximately 49), click here.
Original Summary: Mel Gibson is seeking therapy for his violent and possibly racist behavior towards his ex-partner Oksana Grigorieva, according to a friend. However, Grigorieva has rejected a $20 million settlement offer and claims she signed the agreement under duress, with police reviewing recordings of their altercations as part of their domestic violence investigation.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Mel Gibson may be a violent, possibly racist guy who threatened to kill his babymama…but at least he sought help for it. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. “He realized how unhealthy the relationship was” with Oksana Grigorieva and got therapy (which he still attends), a friend tells People. The pal loses perhaps just a bit of credibility when he goes on to claim that Mel “extricated himself from this unhealthy relationship peacefully and calmly.” More on Mel: Gibson offered Grigorieva $20 million if she agreed to joint custody without a fight. She signed the agreement, but is now rejecting it and claims she signed it “under duress,” a source tells Radar. Police are reviewing the nasty recordings released recently as they conduct their domestic violence investigation against Gibson, the Los Angeles Times reports. Whoopi Goldberg, a longtime friend of Mel’s, claimed on The View yesterday that though “he’s being a bonehead,” he’s “not a racist.” She made sure to add, “I’m not defending Mel,” PopEater reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. “I don’t like what he’s done, make no mistake. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.” Even if she’s not defending him, she’s doing more for him than most of his friends—who have turned their backs on him. For more on that, click here—or for a “fun” breakdown of his taped rants by the numbers (number of times he screams the F word: approximately 49), click here.
Injected Summary: Mel Gibson sought therapy for his violent behavior towards his ex-partner Oksana Grigorieva, but offered her $20 million to agree to joint custody without a fight. Grigorieva has rejected the agreement and claims she signed it under duress, while police are reviewing recordings of Gibson's abusive behavior as part of their domestic violence investigation.
Original Story: – Next time there's a story about how horrifically bad the smog is in China or India, don't pity only the residents of Beijing or New Delhi. A new study suggests that air pollution in Asia results in more erratic, intense winter storms over North America, reports CNN. The culprit is the huge increase in aerosol emissions in Asia amid its industrial boom, say the scientists in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The result is stronger storms in the northwest Pacific Ocean, with North America feeling the biggest effects, reports LiveScience. "The increasing pollution in Asian countries is not just a local problem, it can affect other parts of the world," says a NASA atmospheric scientist who is the study's lead author. Another scientist on the team explains in broad terms how the chain effect works in the Guardian: "Mid-latitude storms develop off Asia and they track across the Pacific, coming in to the west coast of the US." The aerosol "particles in this model are affecting how strong those storms are, how dense the clouds are, and how much rainfall comes out of those storms." Last month, China's environmental ministry found that 71 of 74 cities monitored failed to meet air-quality standards.
Original Summary: A new study suggests that air pollution in Asia is causing more intense and erratic winter storms over North America, with North America feeling the biggest effects. The study found that aerosol emissions in Asia, particularly from industrial boom, are the culprit, and the pollution is affecting other parts of the world through a chain effect in mid-latitude storms.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Next time there's a story about how horrifically bad the smog is in China or India, don't pity only the residents of Beijing or New Delhi. A new study suggests that air pollution in Asia results in more erratic, intense winter storms over North America, reports CNN. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The culprit is the huge increase in aerosol emissions in Asia amid its industrial boom, say the scientists in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The result is stronger storms in the northwest Pacific Ocean, with North America feeling the biggest effects, reports LiveScience. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "The increasing pollution in Asian countries is not just a local problem, it can affect other parts of the world," says a NASA atmospheric scientist who is the study's lead author. Another scientist on the team explains in broad terms how the chain effect works in the Guardian: "Mid-latitude storms develop off Asia and they track across the Pacific, coming in to the west coast of the US." The aerosol "particles in this model are affecting how strong those storms are, how dense the clouds are, and how much rainfall comes out of those storms." Last month, China's environmental ministry found that 71 of 74 cities monitored failed to meet air-quality standards.
Injected Summary: A new study suggests that air pollution in Asia is causing more intense and erratic winter storms over North America, with North America feeling the biggest effects. The study found that the increase in aerosol emissions in Asia, primarily from industrial boom, is affecting mid-latitude storms as they develop off the coast of Asia and track across the Pacific, impacting rainfall and cloud density.
Original Story: – Police in Benbrook, Texas, responded to a 911 call on Thursday and found a tragic scene: the two young daughters of a celebrated concert pianist dead in their beds, and his estranged wife stabbed. The specifics of what may have happened became only slightly less opaque during a Friday press conference in which the Benbrook PD said Vadym Kholodenko placed the 911 call at 9:27am, just minutes after he arrived to pick up the children. "He found the mother in an extreme state of distress and discovered the children," says Commander David Babcock, per CBS Fort Worth. Police are waiting on autopsy results, but they say Nika, 5, and Michela, 1, were not stabbed and showed no visible injuries. Kholodenko is not a suspect; his wife and the girls' mother, 31-year-old Sofia Tsygankova, is "being held on a mental health evaluation" in a Fort Worth hospital. The Fort Worth Star-Telegram reports by way of court records that the Ukrainian pianist—winner of the gold medal at the 2013 Van Cliburn International Piano Competition, according to a bio—filed for divorce from Tsygankova in November, two months after the pair had apparently stopped living together as a couple. The divorce is still pending. Kholodenko had been scheduled to play three shows with the Fort Worth Symphony Orchestra this weekend but will be replaced, reports NBC DFW. It adds that Benbrook police have responded to calls at the house in the past, though Babcock didn't offer any specifics. Though it's unclear whether Tsygankova's wounds were self-inflicted or the result of an attack, Babcock said there is no active search for a suspect. Kholodenko said in a statement released by his lawyer that he "is experiencing great grief at this time and has no further comment. Thank you for respecting his privacy."
Original Summary: Police in Benbrook, Texas responded to a 911 call and found the two young daughters of a celebrated concert pianist dead in their beds, along with the pianist's estranged wife who was stabbed. The police have not identified a suspect and are waiting on autopsy results, with the pianist, Vadym Kholodenko, not being a suspect and his lawyer stating he is experiencing grief and has no further comment.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Police in Benbrook, Texas, responded to a 911 call on Thursday and found a tragic scene: the two young daughters of a celebrated concert pianist dead in their beds, and his estranged wife stabbed. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The specifics of what may have happened became only slightly less opaque during a Friday press conference in which the Benbrook PD said Vadym Kholodenko placed the 911 call at 9:27am, just minutes after he arrived to pick up the children. "He found the mother in an extreme state of distress and discovered the children," says Commander David Babcock, per CBS Fort Worth. Police are waiting on autopsy results, but they say Nika, 5, and Michela, 1, were not stabbed and showed no visible injuries. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Kholodenko is not a suspect; his wife and the girls' mother, 31-year-old Sofia Tsygankova, is "being held on a mental health evaluation" in a Fort Worth hospital. The Fort Worth Star-Telegram reports by way of court records that the Ukrainian pianist—winner of the gold medal at the 2013 Van Cliburn International Piano Competition, according to a bio—filed for divorce from Tsygankova in November, two months after the pair had apparently stopped living together as a couple. The divorce is still pending. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Kholodenko had been scheduled to play three shows with the Fort Worth Symphony Orchestra this weekend but will be replaced, reports NBC DFW. It adds that Benbrook police have responded to calls at the house in the past, though Babcock didn't offer any specifics. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. Though it's unclear whether Tsygankova's wounds were self-inflicted or the result of an attack, Babcock said there is no active search for a suspect. Kholodenko said in a statement released by his lawyer that he "is experiencing great grief at this time and has no further comment. Thank you for respecting his privacy."
Injected Summary: Police in Benbrook, Texas found the two young daughters of a celebrated concert pianist dead in their beds and his estranged wife stabbed after responding to a 911 call. The pianist, Vadym Kholodenko, is not a suspect and is experiencing grief, according to a statement released by his lawyer.
Original Story: – Last week in Milwaukee, a 2-year-old fatally shot his mom from the back seat of their car. But where a story like this may have once been a freakish anomaly, the Washington Post notes, it's now becoming increasingly and disturbingly commonplace. A Post analysis of news reports finds 23 shootings by 1-, 2-, and 3-year-olds in the US since Jan. 1 (last year at this time there were 18) and seven just since April 20. Eighteen of the toddlers ended up shooting themselves, with nine of them succumbing to their injuries. The state with the highest number of toddlers pulling the trigger since January 2015 is Georgia (eight such incidents), followed by Texas and Missouri with seven each. Snopes even fleshed out a meme in December, sourced mainly from an October 2015 Post article, that claimed more Americans were killed by toddlers than by terrorists in 2015 (the site ultimately found this assertion to be true). Correlating these shootings to factors such as population or gun-storage laws isn't so simple, the Post notes. The people-dense states of New York and California, for instance, only saw a combined three toddler shootings since January 2015, while Chicago's high gun-violence rate didn't translate into any reported incidents. The paper speculates that "cultural factors" may cause some areas to have higher numbers of incidents, but it concedes that at this point, figuring out what areas are more prone is still a "guessing game," hampered by Congress' stymieing of gun research. See what your state's count is at the Post.
Original Summary: A recent analysis by the Washington Post found that there have been 23 incidents of toddlers aged 1-3 shooting themselves or others since January 2015, with 18 of these incidents resulting in the toddler's death. The states with the highest number of incidents are Georgia, Texas, and Missouri, while people-dense states such as New York and California saw only three incidents combined.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Last week in Milwaukee, a 2-year-old fatally shot his mom from the back seat of their car. But where a story like this may have once been a freakish anomaly, the Washington Post notes, it's now becoming increasingly and disturbingly commonplace. A Post analysis of news reports finds 23 shootings by 1-, 2-, and 3-year-olds in the US since Jan. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. 1 (last year at this time there were 18) and seven just since April 20. Eighteen of the toddlers ended up shooting themselves, with nine of them succumbing to their injuries. The state with the highest number of toddlers pulling the trigger since January 2015 is Georgia (eight such incidents), followed by Texas and Missouri with seven each. Snopes even fleshed out a meme in December, sourced mainly from an October 2015 Post article, that claimed more Americans were killed by toddlers than by terrorists in 2015 (the site ultimately found this assertion to be true). Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Correlating these shootings to factors such as population or gun-storage laws isn't so simple, the Post notes. The people-dense states of New York and California, for instance, only saw a combined three toddler shootings since January 2015, while Chicago's high gun-violence rate didn't translate into any reported incidents. The paper speculates that "cultural factors" may cause some areas to have higher numbers of incidents, but it concedes that at this point, figuring out what areas are more prone is still a "guessing game," hampered by Congress' stymieing of gun research. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. See what your state's count is at the Post.
Injected Summary: A recent analysis by the Washington Post found that there have been 23 incidents of toddlers aged 1-3 shooting themselves or others since January 2015, with 18 of these incidents resulting in the toddler's death. The states with the highest number of incidents are Georgia, Texas, and Missouri.
Original Story: – If the Honduran migrant caravan making its way toward to the US southern border is "the gift that keeps on giving for Donald Trump's midterm elections," as the Telegraph suggests, then a second caravan forming in El Salvador may be the bow on top. An internal report obtained by NBC News shows the Department of Homeland Security is monitoring the Salvadoran caravan as it comes together, with departure seemingly set for a week's time. While most early members are families with children said to have been inspired by migrants now moving through Mexico, the fact that gang MS-13 was formed by El Salvador nationals could be used to bolster President Trump's claims that criminals are among the group. Meanwhile, another caravan is already on the move. Per Reuters, a second group of more than 1,000 Hondurans was moving north through Guatemala on Tuesday, en route to Mexico. The first wave of some 7,000 Honduran migrants are holed up in Huixtla, Mexico, 30 miles north of the Guatemalan border, since fleeing violence and poverty at home on Oct. 12. That group—minus two men who've died in truck accidents—got moving early Wednesday, with more than 1,000 miles to go before reaching the US. However, many members are expected to stay in Mexico, which has received 1,699 requests for refugee status, reports Reuters. "We only want to work," says one migrant, per CBC News. "We would do anything, except bad things." (Trump blames Democrats.)
Original Summary: A second caravan of migrants, this time from El Salvador, is forming and will likely depart in the coming weeks, according to an internal Department of Homeland Security report. This caravan comes as the first group of Honduran migrants, who are currently stranded in Mexico, continues their journey towards the US border, with some planning to seek asylum and others intending to work in Mexico.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– If the Honduran migrant caravan making its way toward to the US southern border is "the gift that keeps on giving for Donald Trump's midterm elections," as the Telegraph suggests, then a second caravan forming in El Salvador may be the bow on top. An internal report obtained by NBC News shows the Department of Homeland Security is monitoring the Salvadoran caravan as it comes together, with departure seemingly set for a week's time. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. While most early members are families with children said to have been inspired by migrants now moving through Mexico, the fact that gang MS-13 was formed by El Salvador nationals could be used to bolster President Trump's claims that criminals are among the group. Meanwhile, another caravan is already on the move. Per Reuters, a second group of more than 1,000 Hondurans was moving north through Guatemala on Tuesday, en route to Mexico. The first wave of some 7,000 Honduran migrants are holed up in Huixtla, Mexico, 30 miles north of the Guatemalan border, since fleeing violence and poverty at home on Oct. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. 12. That group—minus two men who've died in truck accidents—got moving early Wednesday, with more than 1,000 miles to go before reaching the US. However, many members are expected to stay in Mexico, which has received 1,699 requests for refugee status, reports Reuters. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "We only want to work," says one migrant, per CBC News. "We would do anything, except bad things." (Trump blames Democrats. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.)
Injected Summary: A second caravan of over 1,000 Hondurans is forming in El Salvador and is being monitored by the Department of Homeland Security, with departure expected in a week. Meanwhile, a previous caravan of 7,000 Hondurans is making its way through Mexico, with some members planning to request refugee status in Mexico and others continuing on to the US.
Original Story: – Donna Brazile, former head of the Democratic National Committee, made headlines Thursday when she accused the Clinton campaign and DNC of "unethical" behavior and "rigging" the primary in favor of Hillary Clinton. While not containing much new, provable information, Brazile's allegation is equivalent to "taking the smoldering embers of the 2016 primary and throwing some gasoline on them," Aaron Blake writes for the Washington Post. He says the allegations "could lead to some further soul-searching and even bloodletting in the Democratic Party" and could ruin the tenuous unity the Democrats built up in the face of the Trump presidency. Here's what else you need to know about Brazile's bombshell: New York disagrees, stating Brazile's account is "remarkable ... for the substance of its allegations and the melodramatic tenor of its prose." It argues one of the big takeaways is that Brazile believes the future of the Democratic Party is with Bernie Sanders and that she may be positioning herself for a role with the Sanders 2020 campaign.
Original Summary: Donna Brazile accused the Clinton campaign and DNC of "unethical" behavior and "rigging" the primary in favor of Hillary Clinton, sparking controversy and potential fallout within the Democratic Party. Brazile's allegations have been met with mixed reactions, with some viewing them as a bombshell and others dismissing them as lacking new or provable information.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Donna Brazile, former head of the Democratic National Committee, made headlines Thursday when she accused the Clinton campaign and DNC of "unethical" behavior and "rigging" the primary in favor of Hillary Clinton. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. While not containing much new, provable information, Brazile's allegation is equivalent to "taking the smoldering embers of the 2016 primary and throwing some gasoline on them," Aaron Blake writes for the Washington Post. He says the allegations "could lead to some further soul-searching and even bloodletting in the Democratic Party" and could ruin the tenuous unity the Democrats built up in the face of the Trump presidency. Here's what else you need to know about Brazile's bombshell: New York disagrees, stating Brazile's account is "remarkable . for the substance of its allegations and the melodramatic tenor of its prose. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." It argues one of the big takeaways is that Brazile believes the future of the Democratic Party is with Bernie Sanders and that she may be positioning herself for a role with the Sanders 2020 campaign.
Injected Summary: Donna Brazile accused the Clinton campaign and DNC of "rigging" the primary in favor of Hillary Clinton, sparking controversy and potential fallout within the Democratic Party. Brazile's allegations could lead to further soul-searching and division, potentially threatening the tenuous unity built up in response to the Trump presidency.
Original Story: – Fox News had better watch its back now that a snitch is apparently feeding memos to the media exposing it as more of a conservative propaganda machine than a news operation. Two memos leaked to Media Matters revealed orders from the top directing staff to put a right-wing spin on issues of the day. Now America's "most influential right-wing media outlet is facing up to the chilling prospect of having a whistleblower in its own newsroom," notes the Independent. It could be even more cloak-and-dagger. "Liberal website Media Matters has an informant planted at Fox leaking memos, crows Contact Music. One of the memos ordered reporters to use terms implying skepticism of global warming, another dictated terms when referring to the federal health care bill (such as referring to the "so-called public option') which polled poorly with Americans in research conducted by the Republican Party. Both memos came from Bill Sammon, managing editor of Fox News' DC operation. The Union of Concerned Scientists yesterday blasted Fox for its "unscientific" take on global warming. "Emails now suggest that this bias comes directly from the executives responsible for their news coverage," said a statement from the organization.
Original Summary: Fox News is facing criticism after memos were leaked revealing orders from the top directing staff to put a right-wing spin on issues, including global warming. An informant within Fox News has been leaking memos to Media Matters, exposing the network's bias and prompting criticism from the Union of Concerned Scientists.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Fox News had better watch its back now that a snitch is apparently feeding memos to the media exposing it as more of a conservative propaganda machine than a news operation. Two memos leaked to Media Matters revealed orders from the top directing staff to put a right-wing spin on issues of the day. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Now America's "most influential right-wing media outlet is facing up to the chilling prospect of having a whistleblower in its own newsroom," notes the Independent. It could be even more cloak-and-dagger. "Liberal website Media Matters has an informant planted at Fox leaking memos, crows Contact Music. One of the memos ordered reporters to use terms implying skepticism of global warming, another dictated terms when referring to the federal health care bill (such as referring to the "so-called public option') which polled poorly with Americans in research conducted by the Republican Party. Both memos came from Bill Sammon, managing editor of Fox News' DC operation. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The Union of Concerned Scientists yesterday blasted Fox for its "unscientific" take on global warming. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "Emails now suggest that this bias comes directly from the executives responsible for their news coverage," said a statement from the organization.
Injected Summary: Fox News is facing criticism after memos were leaked revealing orders from the top directing staff to put a right-wing spin on issues, including global warming and the federal health care bill. An informant within Fox News has been leaking memos to Media Matters, including one from Managing Editor Bill Sammon that dictated terms for referring to the federal health care bill and another that suggested skepticism of global warming.
Original Story: – That little boy standing at President Obama’s right hand as he signed health care reform legislation into law is, somewhat improbably, one of the nation’s preeminent reform advocates. Marcelas Owens, 11, has been sharing the story of his mother since she died in 2007, uninsured and unable to afford treatment for pulmonary hypertension, the Seattle Post-Intelligencer reports. “I'm signing it for 11-year-old Marcelas Owens,” Obama said of the bill. “In her memory he has told her story across America so that no other children would have to go through what his family has experienced,” the president continued as Marcelas looked on. The White House website describes the Seattle fifth-grader as “a nationally recognized spokesperson for health care reform,” according the Seattle Times. “It's tough not having my mom around,” he said after the signing. “But she's been with me in spirit every time I talk. I hope I've made her proud.”
Original Summary: Marcelas Owens, an 11-year-old boy who lost his mother to lack of health insurance in 2007, has become a prominent advocate for healthcare reform. At the signing of the Affordable Care Act into law, President Obama acknowledged Marcelas' efforts and dedication to the cause, saying "Im signing it for 11-year-old Marcelas Owens" and expressing hope that the law would make his mother proud.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– That little boy standing at President Obama’s right hand as he signed health care reform legislation into law is, somewhat improbably, one of the nation’s preeminent reform advocates. Marcelas Owens, 11, has been sharing the story of his mother since she died in 2007, uninsured and unable to afford treatment for pulmonary hypertension, the Seattle Post-Intelligencer reports. “I'm signing it for 11-year-old Marcelas Owens,” Obama said of the bill. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. “In her memory he has told her story across America so that no other children would have to go through what his family has experienced,” the president continued as Marcelas looked on. The White House website describes the Seattle fifth-grader as “a nationally recognized spokesperson for health care reform,” according the Seattle Times. “It's tough not having my mom around,” he said after the signing. “But she's been with me in spirit every time I talk. I hope I've made her proud. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.”
Injected Summary: Marcelas Owens, an 11-year-old boy who lost his mother to lack of health insurance, has become a prominent advocate for healthcare reform. At the signing of the Affordable Care Act into law, President Obama acknowledged Marcelas' efforts and dedication to his mother's memory, saying "Im signing it for 11-year-old Marcelas Owens."
Original Story: – The Steubenville rape case is shocking, but should we really be surprised that none of the teens who witnessed the crime helped the victim? Two columnists today argue that modern culture, from social media to shows like Family Guy, contributed to just such a situation: This is basically a modern-day example of the "bystander effect," writes Kathleen Parker in the Washington Post. Pictures of and tweets about the crime flew through social media, and indeed, social media itself is to blame for the "dispassionate" response of the kids who saw the posts and didn't do anything about them. "With a cellphone in every pocket, it has become second nature for most people to snap a picture or tap the video button at the slightest provocation," while remaining essentially removed from the circumstances, Parker writes. "Over time, might the marginalizing effect of bystander detachment impede any impulse to empathize" or take responsibility? And on social media, jokes about rape are common, as is "making fun of girls perceived as 'sluts,'" writes Susanna Schrobsdorff in Time. Then there are shows like Family Guy, in which "abortion-coat-hanger jokes" are common, female characters suffer constant verbal abuse, and there's "more rape humor than one could tally." It's not fair to blame a TV show for real-life actions, "but if you can laugh at rape on TV, why wouldn’t the real thing be funny if you’re young and drunk and if the developmental maturity to control your impulses is years away?" Parker's full column here; Schrobsdorff's here.
Original Summary: The Steubenville rape case has sparked a debate about the role of modern culture in shaping attitudes towards sexual violence, with some arguing that the widespread use of social media and the prevalence of rape jokes in popular media contribute to a desensitized and detached response to sexual assault. Columnists Kathleen Parker and Susanna Schrobsdorff argue that the "bystander effect" is exacerbated by the ease with which people can share and view disturbing content on social media, leading to a lack of empathy and responsibility among young people.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The Steubenville rape case is shocking, but should we really be surprised that none of the teens who witnessed the crime helped the victim?. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Two columnists today argue that modern culture, from social media to shows like Family Guy, contributed to just such a situation: This is basically a modern-day example of the "bystander effect," writes Kathleen Parker in the Washington Post. Pictures of and tweets about the crime flew through social media, and indeed, social media itself is to blame for the "dispassionate" response of the kids who saw the posts and didn't do anything about them. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "With a cellphone in every pocket, it has become second nature for most people to snap a picture or tap the video button at the slightest provocation," while remaining essentially removed from the circumstances, Parker writes. "Over time, might the marginalizing effect of bystander detachment impede any impulse to empathize" or take responsibility? And on social media, jokes about rape are common, as is "making fun of girls perceived as 'sluts,'" writes Susanna Schrobsdorff in Time. Then there are shows like Family Guy, in which "abortion-coat-hanger jokes" are common, female characters suffer constant verbal abuse, and there's "more rape humor than one could tally." It's not fair to blame a TV show for real-life actions, "but if you can laugh at rape on TV, why wouldn’t the real thing be funny if you’re young and drunk and if the developmental maturity to control your impulses is years away?" Parker's full column here; Schrobsdorff's here. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: The Steubenville rape case has sparked debate about the bystander effect, with some arguing that modern culture, including social media and TV shows like Family Guy, has contributed to a desensitization towards sexual violence. Bystanders' detachment and lack of empathy may be reinforced by the prevalence of rape jokes and disrespectful treatment of women in media, which can perpetuate a culture of silence and inaction in the face of sexual assault.
Original Story: – A bartending grandmother in North Dakota was floored by a tip left by two strangers last Saturday night, ABC News. According to the Grand Forks Herald, 48-year-old Shiela Weisgerber was talking about her 4-year-old triplet grandsons—who she's raised on her own practically since they were born—with customers at the First and Last Chance Bar in Lisbon when a couple who said they were in town for a funeral paid their $33 tab and left. When Weisgerber flipped over their receipt, she found a $300 tip and the message, "Take care of those boys!" "I went to the bathroom and I cried," Weisgerber tells ABC. "I was blown away because to me that's a lot of money." She plans on putting $100 from the tip into each grandson's savings account. Weisgerber volunteered to raise the triplets when they were 2 months old after their mother realized she couldn't take care of them in addition the toddler she already had. "Words can't describe how grateful I am," Weisgerber tells the Herald. "You know there's good out there. It helps, and it will help the boys later."
Original Summary: A bartender in North Dakota, Sheila Weisgerber, was surprised and touched by a $300 tip left by two strangers at her bar, along with a message encouraging her to save the money for her 4-year-old triplet grandsons that she has been raising on her own. Weisgerber plans to put $100 from the tip into each of the boys' savings accounts, and is grateful for the kind gesture, which she believes will help them in the future.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A bartending grandmother in North Dakota was floored by a tip left by two strangers last Saturday night, ABC News. According to the Grand Forks Herald, 48-year-old Shiela Weisgerber was talking about her 4-year-old triplet grandsons—who she's raised on her own practically since they were born—with customers at the First and Last Chance Bar in Lisbon when a couple who said they were in town for a funeral paid their $33 tab and left. When Weisgerber flipped over their receipt, she found a $300 tip and the message, "Take care of those boys!" "I went to the bathroom and I cried," Weisgerber tells ABC. "I was blown away because to me that's a lot of money." She plans on putting $100 from the tip into each grandson's savings account. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Weisgerber volunteered to raise the triplets when they were 2 months old after their mother realized she couldn't take care of them in addition the toddler she already had. "Words can't describe how grateful I am," Weisgerber tells the Herald. "You know there's good out there. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. It helps, and it will help the boys later."
Injected Summary: A bartender in North Dakota, Sheila Weisgerber, was surprised by a generous $300 tip left by two strangers at her bar, along with a heartwarming message encouraging her to "take care of those boys." Weisgerber, who raised her 4-year-old triplet grandsons on her own, plans to put $100 from the tip into each of their savings accounts.
Original Story: – Apple's fight with the feds over unlocking the San Bernardino shooter's phone has dominated the headlines, but a judge demanded a woman's fingerprint be used to unlock her iPhone—a first in a federal court case, reports the Los Angeles Times. Paytsar Bkhchadzhyan's phone was seized from a home in Glendale, Calif., associated with her boyfriend, an alleged Armenian gang member. Less than an hour after Bkhchadzhyan's arrest, a judge ordered the 29-year-old to unlock her iPhone through Apple's Touch ID. She later pleaded no contest to a felony count of identity theft, but the law is murky here: Police can get a warrant to search a phone and can take fingerprints without court approval. But whether they can demand fingerprints to unlock a phone is unclear, per Engadget. An expert says Bkhchadzhyan's phone may have contained incriminating information, meaning the court order violated her Fifth Amendment right in essentially forcing her to testify. "It's the same as if she went home and pulled out paper documents," she says. According to a 2014 court ruling, however, fingerprints are considered "real or physical evidence," the extraction of which doesn't violate the right against self-incrimination. Pass codes, on the other hand, are a form of knowledge and are generally protected. "This is why I tell my criminal procedure students that they have more protections if they use a pass code rather than fingerprint to guard entry to their phones," a law professor tells Ars Technica. "While I don't conduct crimes on my cellphone, I still decline to use my fingerprint out of an abundance of caution."
Original Summary: A judge ordered a woman to unlock her iPhone using her fingerprints in a federal court case, despite her objections and concerns about violating her Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination. The case involves a 29-year-old woman who was arrested and ordered to unlock her phone using Touch ID, with the court ruling that fingerprints are considered "real or physical evidence" and not protected by the right against self-incrimination.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Apple's fight with the feds over unlocking the San Bernardino shooter's phone has dominated the headlines, but a judge demanded a woman's fingerprint be used to unlock her iPhone—a first in a federal court case, reports the Los Angeles Times. Paytsar Bkhchadzhyan's phone was seized from a home in Glendale, Calif., associated with her boyfriend, an alleged Armenian gang member. Less than an hour after Bkhchadzhyan's arrest, a judge ordered the 29-year-old to unlock her iPhone through Apple's Touch ID. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. She later pleaded no contest to a felony count of identity theft, but the law is murky here: Police can get a warrant to search a phone and can take fingerprints without court approval. But whether they can demand fingerprints to unlock a phone is unclear, per Engadget. An expert says Bkhchadzhyan's phone may have contained incriminating information, meaning the court order violated her Fifth Amendment right in essentially forcing her to testify. "It's the same as if she went home and pulled out paper documents," she says. According to a 2014 court ruling, however, fingerprints are considered "real or physical evidence," the extraction of which doesn't violate the right against self-incrimination. Pass codes, on the other hand, are a form of knowledge and are generally protected. "This is why I tell my criminal procedure students that they have more protections if they use a pass code rather than fingerprint to guard entry to their phones," a law professor tells Ars Technica. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "While I don't conduct crimes on my cellphone, I still decline to use my fingerprint out of an abundance of caution. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis."
Injected Summary: A judge ordered a woman to unlock her iPhone using her fingerprints in a federal court case, despite her objections and potential violation of her Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination. The case involves a woman who was arrested and ordered to unlock her phone using her fingerprints, which may have contained incriminating information, while police can obtain a warrant to search a phone but may not demand fingerprints without court approval.
Original Story: – The big winner at last night's American Music Awards was ... a Canadian. Justin Bieber won artist of the year, which he also grabbed in 2010, as well as favorite pop/rock male artist and favorite pop/rock album. "I want to say this is for all the haters who thought I was just here for one or two years," said a triumphant Bieber as he accepted his first award. "I feel like I'm going to be here for a very long time." He also brought his mom onstage as he collected his last award, grinded with Nicki Minaj during a performance, and got his butt grabbed by presenter Jenny McCarthy. Other highlights, per the AP: Usher opened the show by performing a medley of his hits, and won favorite soul/R&B male artist. It wouldn't be an awards show if Taylor Swift didn't win something. This time around she walked away with a fifth straight win in the favorite country female artist category. Nicki Minaj won two awards (favorite rap/hip-hop artist and favorite rap/hip-hop album), wore three wigs, and changed into four different outfits. Korean rapper PSY teamed up with MC Hammer to perform a mashup of their hits, "Gangnam Style" and "Too Legit to Quit," as everyone in the audience horse-danced along. Favorite new artist went to Carly Rae Jepsen of "Call Me Maybe" fame. Ryan Seacrest offered a tribute to AMA creator Dick Clark as Stevie Wonder performed. Click for the complete list of winners or check out photos from the night.
Original Summary: Justin Bieber won several awards at the American Music Awards, including Artist of the Year, Favorite Pop/Rock Male Artist, and Favorite Pop/Rock Album. Bieber dedicated his awards to his haters and expressed his intention to be in the music industry for a long time, while also bringing his mother on stage and performing with Nicki Minaj.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The big winner at last night's American Music Awards was . a Canadian. Justin Bieber won artist of the year, which he also grabbed in 2010, as well as favorite pop/rock male artist and favorite pop/rock album. "I want to say this is for all the haters who thought I was just here for one or two years," said a triumphant Bieber as he accepted his first award. "I feel like I'm going to be here for a very long time." He also brought his mom onstage as he collected his last award, grinded with Nicki Minaj during a performance, and got his butt grabbed by presenter Jenny McCarthy. Other highlights, per the AP: Usher opened the show by performing a medley of his hits, and won favorite soul/R&B male artist. It wouldn't be an awards show if Taylor Swift didn't win something. This time around she walked away with a fifth straight win in the favorite country female artist category. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Nicki Minaj won two awards (favorite rap/hip-hop artist and favorite rap/hip-hop album), wore three wigs, and changed into four different outfits. Korean rapper PSY teamed up with MC Hammer to perform a mashup of their hits, "Gangnam Style" and "Too Legit to Quit," as everyone in the audience horse-danced along. Favorite new artist went to Carly Rae Jepsen of "Call Me Maybe" fame. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Ryan Seacrest offered a tribute to AMA creator Dick Clark as Stevie Wonder performed. Click for the complete list of winners or check out photos from the night. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: Justin Bieber won several awards at the American Music Awards, including Artist of the Year, Favorite Pop/Rock Male Artist, and Favorite Pop/Rock Album. Bieber dedicated his awards to his haters and expressed his intention to be in the music industry for a long time, while also performing and interacting with other artists during the show.
Original Story: – A bid to overhaul the Senate's filibuster rules appears to have fallen short of the mark. Instead, lawmakers are expected to approve a set of modest changes in coming days as a compromise, reports the Washington Post. Some Democratic lawmakers wanted to require senators to actually stand and talk the entire time—as in Jimmy Stewart's Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, a reference they cited several times in arguments, notes the Hill. (Or in a more modern example, Bernie Sanders' recent rant.) Instead of a "talking filibuster," the new rules will likely put an end to stalling tactics such as forcing clerks to read the complete text of the bill. They'll also make it harder to block legislation or the approval of nominees anonymously. “Well, anything is probably better than what we have now, but the question is, do you take a couple little baby steps that don’t really get to the heart of the matter?” Sen. Tom Harkin asks Politico. "That’s what I consider most these to be, small baby steps."
Original Summary: Lawmakers are expected to approve modest changes to the Senate filibuster rules in the coming days as a compromise, rather than a more significant overhaul. The new rules will likely end stalling tactics such as forcing clerks to read the complete text of a bill, and make it harder to block legislation or nominees anonymously, but some Democrats are concerned that the changes don't go far enough in addressing the underlying issues with the filibuster.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A bid to overhaul the Senate's filibuster rules appears to have fallen short of the mark. Instead, lawmakers are expected to approve a set of modest changes in coming days as a compromise, reports the Washington Post. Some Democratic lawmakers wanted to require senators to actually stand and talk the entire time—as in Jimmy Stewart's Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, a reference they cited several times in arguments, notes the Hill. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. (Or in a more modern example, Bernie Sanders' recent rant.) Instead of a "talking filibuster," the new rules will likely put an end to stalling tactics such as forcing clerks to read the complete text of the bill. They'll also make it harder to block legislation or the approval of nominees anonymously. “Well, anything is probably better than what we have now, but the question is, do you take a couple little baby steps that don’t really get to the heart of the matter. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.?” Sen. Tom Harkin asks Politico. "That’s what I consider most these to be, small baby steps."
Injected Summary: A bid to overhaul the Senate's filibuster rules has failed, and lawmakers are expected to approve a set of modest changes as a compromise. The new rules will likely end stalling tactics such as forcing clerks to read the complete text of a bill, and make it harder to block legislation or nominees anonymously, but some lawmakers are skeptical that these changes will address the underlying issues with the filibuster.
Original Story: – Brit Edwin Dyer was kidnapped in 2009 by al-Qaeda in North Africa, along with a German and a Swiss couple. Like the US, Britain doesn’t pay ransoms and didn’t in this case—and Dyer was killed. But his fellow captives were released after their governments paid al-Qaeda a collective $10.7 million; that same year, Swiss lawmakers added a line item in their budget for humanitarian aid … code for ransom money, reports the New York Times. European governments—mostly France, Spain, and Switzerland—routinely pay al-Qaeda ransoms for captive citizens, else they be killed. In short, "Europe has become an inadvertent underwriter" of the terror group, writes Rukmini Callimachi. And it's big money: about $125 million since 2008 and $66 million last year alone. "Kidnapping hostages is an easy spoil, which I may describe as a profitable trade and a precious treasure," says the leader of Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula. By one recent al-Qaeda estimate, ransoms covered half of its expenses. The group and its affiliates have become expert at all aspects of the abductions and subsequent negotiations, which include periods of silence to create panic. “Kidnapping for ransom has become today’s most significant source of terrorist financing,” says a US Treasury official. "Each transaction encourages another transaction.” Click to read Callimachi's full story, or to see a Times video of kidnappers in action.
Original Summary: Brit Edwin Dyer was kidnapped by al-Qaeda in North Africa in 2009 and killed, while his fellow captives were released after their governments paid a collective $10.7 million ransom. European governments, including France, Spain, and Switzerland, have paid al-Qaeda ransoms for captive citizens totaling around $125 million since 2008, with $66 million paid last year alone.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Brit Edwin Dyer was kidnapped in 2009 by al-Qaeda in North Africa, along with a German and a Swiss couple. Like the US, Britain doesn’t pay ransoms and didn’t in this case—and Dyer was killed. But his fellow captives were released after their governments paid al-Qaeda a collective $10.7 million; that same year, Swiss lawmakers added a line item in their budget for humanitarian aid … code for ransom money, reports the New York Times. European governments—mostly France, Spain, and Switzerland—routinely pay al-Qaeda ransoms for captive citizens, else they be killed. In short, "Europe has become an inadvertent underwriter" of the terror group, writes Rukmini Callimachi. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. And it's big money: about $125 million since 2008 and $66 million last year alone. "Kidnapping hostages is an easy spoil, which I may describe as a profitable trade and a precious treasure," says the leader of Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula. By one recent al-Qaeda estimate, ransoms covered half of its expenses. The group and its affiliates have become expert at all aspects of the abductions and subsequent negotiations, which include periods of silence to create panic. “Kidnapping for ransom has become today’s most significant source of terrorist financing,” says a US Treasury official. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "Each transaction encourages another transaction.” Click to read Callimachi's full story, or to see a Times video of kidnappers in action. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: Brit Edwin Dyer was kidnapped by al-Qaeda in North Africa in 2009 and killed, while his captors received $10.7 million in ransom from the governments of Germany, Switzerland, and the US. European governments have been paying ransoms to al-Qaeda for captive citizens, which has enabled the terror group to raise $125 million since 2008 and $66 million in the past year alone.
Original Story: – President Trump's choice for secretary of state, Mike Pompeo, has cleared the Senate Foreign Relations Committee with a favorable recommendation, narrowly avoiding a rare rebuke as his confirmation heads to the full Senate. Democrats put up stiff resistance and voted against Pompeo, who's currently the CIA director. Only a last-minute switch from Kentucky Republican Rand Paul—whom Trump called before the vote—enabled Pompeo to win committee approval, the AP reports. It would have been the first time since the committee starting keeping records in 1925 that a secretary of state nominee faced an unfavorable report. Pompeo's nomination now goes to the full Senate, where votes are tallying in his favor. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says he looks forward to voting to confirm Pompeo this week. Paul announced his change in position after talking with Trump moments before the committee was set to consider the nominee. He tweeted that after talking with Trump and meeting with the nominee he received assurances that Pompeo believes the Iraq war "was a mistake, that regime change has destabilized the region, and that we must end our involvement with Afghanistan." With those assurances, the senator said he had "decided to support his nomination to be our next secretary of state."
Original Summary: Mike Pompeo, President Trump's nominee for Secretary of State, narrowly avoided a rebuke from the Senate Foreign Relations Committee with a favorable recommendation. Despite opposition from Democrats, Pompeo's nomination now moves to the full Senate, where it is expected to be confirmed, with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell expressing his support.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– President Trump's choice for secretary of state, Mike Pompeo, has cleared the Senate Foreign Relations Committee with a favorable recommendation, narrowly avoiding a rare rebuke as his confirmation heads to the full Senate. Democrats put up stiff resistance and voted against Pompeo, who's currently the CIA director. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Only a last-minute switch from Kentucky Republican Rand Paul—whom Trump called before the vote—enabled Pompeo to win committee approval, the AP reports. It would have been the first time since the committee starting keeping records in 1925 that a secretary of state nominee faced an unfavorable report. Pompeo's nomination now goes to the full Senate, where votes are tallying in his favor. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says he looks forward to voting to confirm Pompeo this week. Paul announced his change in position after talking with Trump moments before the committee was set to consider the nominee. He tweeted that after talking with Trump and meeting with the nominee he received assurances that Pompeo believes the Iraq war "was a mistake, that regime change has destabilized the region, and that we must end our involvement with Afghanistan." With those assurances, the senator said he had "decided to support his nomination to be our next secretary of state."
Injected Summary: Mike Pompeo, President Trump's nominee for Secretary of State, narrowly avoided a rebuke from the Senate Foreign Relations Committee with a favorable recommendation. Despite opposition from Democrats, Pompeo's nomination now moves to the full Senate for a vote, with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell expressing support for his confirmation.
Original Story: – A pediatrician in the Detroit area is now the center of a debate over gay rights after she refused to care for a newborn because the girl had lesbian parents. As the Detroit Free Press reports, when parents Jami and Krista Contreras brought their 6-day-old girl in for a check-up, they were informed that the pediatrician they had selected decided she could not care for the infant solely because of their homosexuality. Krista Contreras recalls being "dumbfounded," especially upon learning that the physician did nothing illegal. “Under current Michigan law, a doctor has an absolute right to refuse medical treatment on the basis of sexual orientation," a legal analyst tells CBS Detroit. The pediatrician in question, 49-year-old Vesna Loi, wrote a note of apology and explanation to the parents. "I never meant to hurt either of you," it reads. "After much prayer following your prenatal (visit), I felt that I would not be able to develop the personal patient doctor relationship that I normally do with my patients." The women aren't suing, but they've gone public to let others know what LGBT parents sometimes face. "You're discriminating against a baby?" says Jami Contreras. "It's just wrong."
Original Summary: A pediatrician in Detroit has sparked a debate over gay rights after refusing to care for a newborn baby because the parents are lesbian. The pediatrician, Vesna Loi, wrote an apology note to the parents, stating that she felt she couldn't develop a personal relationship with the baby due to their sexual orientation.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A pediatrician in the Detroit area is now the center of a debate over gay rights after she refused to care for a newborn because the girl had lesbian parents. As the Detroit Free Press reports, when parents Jami and Krista Contreras brought their 6-day-old girl in for a check-up, they were informed that the pediatrician they had selected decided she could not care for the infant solely because of their homosexuality. Krista Contreras recalls being "dumbfounded," especially upon learning that the physician did nothing illegal. “Under current Michigan law, a doctor has an absolute right to refuse medical treatment on the basis of sexual orientation," a legal analyst tells CBS Detroit. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The pediatrician in question, 49-year-old Vesna Loi, wrote a note of apology and explanation to the parents. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "I never meant to hurt either of you," it reads. "After much prayer following your prenatal (visit), I felt that I would not be able to develop the personal patient doctor relationship that I normally do with my patients." The women aren't suing, but they've gone public to let others know what LGBT parents sometimes face. "You're discriminating against a baby. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.?" says Jami Contreras. "It's just wrong."
Injected Summary: A pediatrician in Detroit refused to care for a newborn baby because the parents are lesbian, citing personal beliefs despite no legal prohibition. The parents went public with their story to raise awareness of the discrimination LGBT parents may face in medical care.
Original Story: – Richmond International Airport was evacuated this morning around 6am following a phoned-in threat that was deemed credible, WAVY reports. Multiple federal, state, and local agencies and K-9 teams found nothing unusual in a search. At 8am, some 200 people stood about a quarter-mile from the terminal, the AP reports via USA Today; they appeared calm. Officials were "nice enough, just telling us they're clearing this, clearing that," says a passenger. At least a dozen flights were delayed, the Richmond Times-Dispatch adds, and the terminal was reopened at 9:30am. It's not the only aviation disturbance this morning: CNN is reporting that an explosion in a maintenance shed has shut down power to a concourse at Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport. The concourse was evacuated as a precaution.
Original Summary: 30am, with at least a dozen flights delayed.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Richmond International Airport was evacuated this morning around 6am following a phoned-in threat that was deemed credible, WAVY reports. Multiple federal, state, and local agencies and K-9 teams found nothing unusual in a search. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. At 8am, some 200 people stood about a quarter-mile from the terminal, the AP reports via USA Today; they appeared calm. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Officials were "nice enough, just telling us they're clearing this, clearing that," says a passenger. At least a dozen flights were delayed, the Richmond Times-Dispatch adds, and the terminal was reopened at 9:30am. It's not the only aviation disturbance this morning: CNN is reporting that an explosion in a maintenance shed has shut down power to a concourse at Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport. The concourse was evacuated as a precaution.
Injected Summary: Richmond International Airport was evacuated due to a phoned-in threat, but subsequent searches by federal, state, and local agencies and K-9 teams found nothing unusual. The terminal was reopened after an hour, and at least a dozen flights were delayed.
Original Story: – The EPA says Hyundai and Kia overstated the fuel efficiency of more than 900,000 of their recent vehicles by as much as 6 miles per gallon, reports the Los Angeles Times. The South Korean automakers apologized, blamed "procedural errors," and promised to send customers debit cards to reimburse them for the extra fuel costs. (And for those who bought the models because of the wrong figures, well tough luck.) Most were off by 1 or 2mpgs, but the Kia Soul was off 6—it gets 29mpg, not 35, reports CNNMoney. About 35% of the automakers' 2011-13 cars were affected. See the Hyundai models involved here, and Kia's here.
Original Summary: The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) found that Hyundai and Kia overstated the fuel efficiency of over 900,000 recent vehicles by up to 6 miles per gallon. The automakers apologized and will provide debit cards to reimburse customers for the extra fuel costs, but those who bought the vehicles based on the misstated fuel efficiency may not be eligible for compensation.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The EPA says Hyundai and Kia overstated the fuel efficiency of more than 900,000 of their recent vehicles by as much as 6 miles per gallon, reports the Los Angeles Times. The South Korean automakers apologized, blamed "procedural errors," and promised to send customers debit cards to reimburse them for the extra fuel costs. (And for those who bought the models because of the wrong figures, well tough luck.) Most were off by 1 or 2mpgs, but the Kia Soul was off 6—it gets 29mpg, not 35, reports CNNMoney. About 35% of the automakers' 2011-13 cars were affected. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. See the Hyundai models involved here, and Kia's here.
Injected Summary: The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has found that Hyundai and Kia overstated the fuel efficiency of over 900,000 recent vehicles by up to 6 miles per gallon, with the Kia Soul being off by 6 mpg. The automakers have apologized and will provide debit cards to reimburse customers for the extra fuel costs, but those who bought the vehicles based on the incorrect fuel efficiency figures may not be eligible for compensation.
Original Story: – Despite her tears and public apologies, former Korean Air exec Cho Hyun-ah is facing criminal charges from South Korean prosecutors over her meltdown on a Dec. 5 flight out of New York, the BBC reports. According to a government investigation, Cho (also known as Heather Cho) became enraged when a flight attendant brought her macadamia nuts in a bag, not on a plate, so she screamed at him and demanded the plane be brought back to the gate to dump him. The crew chief also talked to local media and said that Cho cursed him out and jabbed him with a document folder, Reuters reports. Although Cho, the daughter of Korean Air CEO Cho Yang-ho, has since resigned from all posts, notes CNN, Seoul officials want to charge her with inflight violence and changing a flight route, the Guardian reports. Other people could also face repercussions: A current exec with the airline with the surname Yeo is being investigated for alleged attempts to cover up what happened, the Guardian notes; when the flight attendant in question was interviewed for the investigation, Yeo sat right next to him. And it hasn't gone unnoticed that most of the transport ministry officials now looking into the case have been employed by Korean Air at some point; separately, the BBC notes that one official was arrested today for allegedly leaking details of the investigation to Korean Air. A detention warrant for Cho was requested this morning, meaning the court thinks the accused might skip town or mar evidence, Reuters notes. (One fringe benefit of "Nutgate": Macadamia sales in South Korea have surged.)
Original Summary: Former Korean Air executive Cho Hyun-ah is facing criminal charges for her outburst on a flight from New York, where she demanded the plane be returned to the gate and cursed at a flight attendant after they served her macadamia nuts in a bag instead of on a plate. The incident has led to investigations into inflight violence and attempts to cover it up, with several officials from Korean Air and the transport ministry involved.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Despite her tears and public apologies, former Korean Air exec Cho Hyun-ah is facing criminal charges from South Korean prosecutors over her meltdown on a Dec. 5 flight out of New York, the BBC reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. According to a government investigation, Cho (also known as Heather Cho) became enraged when a flight attendant brought her macadamia nuts in a bag, not on a plate, so she screamed at him and demanded the plane be brought back to the gate to dump him. The crew chief also talked to local media and said that Cho cursed him out and jabbed him with a document folder, Reuters reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Although Cho, the daughter of Korean Air CEO Cho Yang-ho, has since resigned from all posts, notes CNN, Seoul officials want to charge her with inflight violence and changing a flight route, the Guardian reports. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Other people could also face repercussions: A current exec with the airline with the surname Yeo is being investigated for alleged attempts to cover up what happened, the Guardian notes; when the flight attendant in question was interviewed for the investigation, Yeo sat right next to him. And it hasn't gone unnoticed that most of the transport ministry officials now looking into the case have been employed by Korean Air at some point; separately, the BBC notes that one official was arrested today for allegedly leaking details of the investigation to Korean Air. A detention warrant for Cho was requested this morning, meaning the court thinks the accused might skip town or mar evidence, Reuters notes. (One fringe benefit of "Nutgate": Macadamia sales in South Korea have surged. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.)
Injected Summary: Former Korean Air executive Cho Hyun-ah is facing criminal charges for her outburst on a flight from New York, including inflight violence and changing the flight route. The incident has led to investigations into attempts to cover up the incident and potential leaks of investigation details, with some officials from the transport ministry and Korean Air being investigated.
Original Story: – Steve Wynn, who resigned as CEO of Wynn Resorts last week amid sexual misconduct claims, is facing two new allegations of assault, but charges are unlikely: Both allegations date from the 1970s. Police in Las Vegas say two women filed reports days after a Wall Street Journal report on a "decades-long pattern of sexual misconduct" last month, the Las Vegas Review-Journal reports. One woman says she was assaulted in Las Vegas and the other says the casino mogul assaulted her in Chicago. Police in Las Vegas say they will investigate the allegation there, but the statute of limitations expires in Nevada after 20 years. The other allegation has been forwarded to police in Chicago, but legal experts say charges in Illinois are also extremely unlikely. Metropolitan Police Department spokesman Larry Hadfield says they encourage victims to come forward whether it is possible to file charges or not. Wynn Resorts spokesman Michael Weaver says the company has no comment "because this involved a company before the establishment of Wynn Resorts," the AP reports. The Wall Street Journal reports that the company, days after canceling an outside law firm's investigation of the allegations against Wynn, has now hired a law firm with close ties to the company to conduct what it says will be an expanded investigation. (Wynn resigned as RNC finance chair last month.)
Original Summary: Steve Wynn is facing two new allegations of sexual assault from the 1970s, one in Las Vegas and one in Chicago, despite the statute of limitations having expired in Nevada. Police in Las Vegas will investigate the allegation there, but legal experts say charges are unlikely.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Steve Wynn, who resigned as CEO of Wynn Resorts last week amid sexual misconduct claims, is facing two new allegations of assault, but charges are unlikely: Both allegations date from the 1970s. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Police in Las Vegas say two women filed reports days after a Wall Street Journal report on a "decades-long pattern of sexual misconduct" last month, the Las Vegas Review-Journal reports. One woman says she was assaulted in Las Vegas and the other says the casino mogul assaulted her in Chicago. Police in Las Vegas say they will investigate the allegation there, but the statute of limitations expires in Nevada after 20 years. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The other allegation has been forwarded to police in Chicago, but legal experts say charges in Illinois are also extremely unlikely. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Metropolitan Police Department spokesman Larry Hadfield says they encourage victims to come forward whether it is possible to file charges or not. Wynn Resorts spokesman Michael Weaver says the company has no comment "because this involved a company before the establishment of Wynn Resorts," the AP reports. The Wall Street Journal reports that the company, days after canceling an outside law firm's investigation of the allegations against Wynn, has now hired a law firm with close ties to the company to conduct what it says will be an expanded investigation. (Wynn resigned as RNC finance chair last month.)
Injected Summary: Steve Wynn is facing two new sexual assault allegations from the 1970s, one in Las Vegas and one in Chicago, but legal experts say charges are unlikely due to the statute of limitations expiring in Nevada and Illinois. Wynn Resorts has hired a law firm with ties to the company to conduct an expanded investigation into the allegations.
Original Story: – British authorities have said that police inadvertently shot a bystander while subduing three London attackers Saturday night, and it now appears that the bystander was American. The good news is that the unidentified man is expected to survive. NBC News quotes an employee of a bar in Borough Market who recounts the scene as the assailants were rampaging outside. "I got people to start evacuating inside from our little garden that we have," he says. "Then I heard shooting and I saw an American guy get shot in the head." The man had been inside the pub, near a window, he recalls. The US Embassy hasn't confirmed whether an American was injured. Meanwhile, investigators say they know the identities of all three attackers but will wait for the investigation to unfold before making the names public, reports the BBC. (One of the people killed has been identified: a 30-year-old Canadian woman who died in her fiance's arms.)
Original Summary: A bystander, believed to be American, was inadvertently shot by police while they were subduing three attackers in London on Saturday night. The bystander is expected to survive, according to an employee of a nearby bar who witnessed the scene.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– British authorities have said that police inadvertently shot a bystander while subduing three London attackers Saturday night, and it now appears that the bystander was American. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The good news is that the unidentified man is expected to survive. NBC News quotes an employee of a bar in Borough Market who recounts the scene as the assailants were rampaging outside. "I got people to start evacuating inside from our little garden that we have," he says. "Then I heard shooting and I saw an American guy get shot in the head." The man had been inside the pub, near a window, he recalls. The US Embassy hasn't confirmed whether an American was injured. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Meanwhile, investigators say they know the identities of all three attackers but will wait for the investigation to unfold before making the names public, reports the BBC. (One of the people killed has been identified: a 30-year-old Canadian woman who died in her fiance's arms.)
Injected Summary: A bystander was inadvertently shot by police during the London attack on Saturday night, and it is believed to be an American man. The man is expected to survive, according to NBC News, and the US Embassy has not confirmed whether an American was injured.
Original Story: – Police are calling it grand theft avocado. Three California produce company workers have been arrested in the theft of up to $300,000 worth of avocados, according to the Ventura County Sheriff's Office. Thirty-eight-year-old Joseph Valenzuela, 28-year-old Carlos Chavez, and 30-year-old Rahim Leblanc were each charged with grand theft of fruit and were being held in jail on bail of $250,000 each. They were arrested Wednesday, reports the AP. It was unclear whether they have attorneys. Detectives began investigating the suspects in May after receiving a tip that they were conducting unauthorized cash sales of avocados from a ripening facility in the city of Oxnard owned by the Mission Produce company. The three are accused of selling boxes of avocados, normally worth about $50 each, for about half that in cash to unsuspecting customers over the course of several months, notes the Los Angeles Times. The company estimated the loss at about $300,000, the sheriff's office said, but is covered by insurance. "We take these kinds of thefts seriously. It's a big product here and in California," sheriff's Sgt. John Franchi told the Times. "Everybody loves avocados." (More bad news for avocado lovers everywhere.)
Original Summary: Three workers at a California produce company were arrested for stealing up to $300,000 worth of avocados. They were charged with grand theft of fruit and are being held on bail of $250,000 each.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Police are calling it grand theft avocado. Three California produce company workers have been arrested in the theft of up to $300,000 worth of avocados, according to the Ventura County Sheriff's Office. Thirty-eight-year-old Joseph Valenzuela, 28-year-old Carlos Chavez, and 30-year-old Rahim Leblanc were each charged with grand theft of fruit and were being held in jail on bail of $250,000 each. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. They were arrested Wednesday, reports the AP. It was unclear whether they have attorneys. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Detectives began investigating the suspects in May after receiving a tip that they were conducting unauthorized cash sales of avocados from a ripening facility in the city of Oxnard owned by the Mission Produce company. The three are accused of selling boxes of avocados, normally worth about $50 each, for about half that in cash to unsuspecting customers over the course of several months, notes the Los Angeles Times. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. The company estimated the loss at about $300,000, the sheriff's office said, but is covered by insurance. "We take these kinds of thefts seriously. It's a big product here and in California," sheriff's Sgt. John Franchi told the Times. "Everybody loves avocados." (More bad news for avocado lovers everywhere.)
Injected Summary: Three men were arrested for stealing up to $300,000 worth of avocados from a ripening facility in California. The men, aged 38, 28, and 30, were charged with grand theft of fruit and were held on bail of $250,000 each.
Original Story: – It's all fun and games until someone finds the ashes—which is disturbingly not that hard to do at Walt Disney parks. Confirming what Gizmodo says has been an urban legend for years, current and former custodians tell the Wall Street Journal that ashes of loved ones, often big Disney fans, are deposited on rides, lawns, and other spots at Disney World and Disneyland about once a month, often enough that such cases have a special code. "HEPA cleanup" signals to workers that a special vacuum is needed to collect the ultrafine remains. "I had two fistfuls of the ashes and I literally leapt like I was a dancer," says a Florida woman who sprinkled her mother's ashes outside Cinderella's castle and on the It's a Small World Ride at Disney World in 2009. (The story includes a photo to prove it.) "Anyone who knew my mom knew Disney was her happy place." Disney tries to dissuade guests as much as possible. "This type of behavior is strictly prohibited and unlawful. Guests who attempt to do so will be escorted off property," a rep tells the Journal. Yet ashes are easily concealed in pill bottles and makeup compacts, and none of the people the Journal spoke to thought they'd been spotted in the act. A woman who deposited her father's ashes around Disney World in 2006 even returned last week to do the same for her brother. While any ashes discovered are vacuumed away—under the guise of "technical difficulties" in cases requiring ride closures—custodians admit some ashes likely slip through the cracks. Indeed, Disneyland's 49-year-old Haunted Mansion could have real ghosts. Says a custodian: It "probably has so much human ashes in it that it's not even funny." (Also watch out for poop at Disney.)
Original Summary: Some people have been secretly scattering the ashes of their loved ones at Walt Disney parks, with some cases resulting in special codes being used to signal the need for a special vacuum to collect the remains. Despite Disney's efforts to dissuade guests from doing so, some ashes have been found and vacuumed up, with some custodians admitting that some may have slipped through the cracks, potentially resulting in the presence of real ghosts at Disneyland's Haunted Mansion.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– It's all fun and games until someone finds the ashes—which is disturbingly not that hard to do at Walt Disney parks. Confirming what Gizmodo says has been an urban legend for years, current and former custodians tell the Wall Street Journal that ashes of loved ones, often big Disney fans, are deposited on rides, lawns, and other spots at Disney World and Disneyland about once a month, often enough that such cases have a special code. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "HEPA cleanup" signals to workers that a special vacuum is needed to collect the ultrafine remains. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "I had two fistfuls of the ashes and I literally leapt like I was a dancer," says a Florida woman who sprinkled her mother's ashes outside Cinderella's castle and on the It's a Small World Ride at Disney World in 2009. (The story includes a photo to prove it.) "Anyone who knew my mom knew Disney was her happy place." Disney tries to dissuade guests as much as possible. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "This type of behavior is strictly prohibited and unlawful. Guests who attempt to do so will be escorted off property," a rep tells the Journal. Yet ashes are easily concealed in pill bottles and makeup compacts, and none of the people the Journal spoke to thought they'd been spotted in the act. A woman who deposited her father's ashes around Disney World in 2006 even returned last week to do the same for her brother. While any ashes discovered are vacuumed away—under the guise of "technical difficulties" in cases requiring ride closures—custodians admit some ashes likely slip through the cracks. Indeed, Disneyland's 49-year-old Haunted Mansion could have real ghosts. Says a custodian: It "probably has so much human ashes in it that it's not even funny. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis." (Also watch out for poop at Disney.)
Injected Summary: People have been sneaking the ashes of loved ones into Disney theme parks, including Walt Disney World and Disneyland, and depositing them on rides, lawns, and other areas. Despite efforts by Disney to dissuade guests from doing so, some ashes have been found and vacuumed up, while others may have slipped through the cracks, potentially resulting in the presence of "real ghosts" in some areas of the parks.
Original Story: – Long-rumored talks between the US and Taliban officials just got started and are already faltering, MSNBC reports. Meeting in Qatar, Taliban representatives balked today at Washington's demand for a cease-fire before negotiating a prisoner swap. "Our stance is the same. We will announce a cease-fire when the foreign forces start their withdrawal from Afghanistan," said a Taliban source. The New York Times reported earlier that the US had kicked off talks by offering the possible release of prisoners from Guantanamo Bay. The Qatar meetings are also rife with regional subplots. Pakistan seemed to reverse its earlier opposition by allowing Taliban reps to travel across its borders. Afghanistan also stopped grumbling, but now plans to jump-start its own talks with the Taliban in Saudi Arabia, the BBC reports. The Taliban is changing course too, apparently recognizing President Karzai's government for the first time. But the Taliban is "confused by the lack of coherence" between Kabul and the international community, one analyst says, and might "think there's some kind of divide-and-rule going on."
Original Summary: Talks between US and Taliban officials in Qatar have begun but are faltering due to disagreements over a cease-fire, with the Taliban insisting on a withdrawal of foreign forces before agreeing to a prisoner swap. The Taliban is also changing its stance by recognizing the Afghan government for the first time, but remains confused by the lack of coherence between Kabul and the international community.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Long-rumored talks between the US and Taliban officials just got started and are already faltering, MSNBC reports. Meeting in Qatar, Taliban representatives balked today at Washington's demand for a cease-fire before negotiating a prisoner swap. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "Our stance is the same. We will announce a cease-fire when the foreign forces start their withdrawal from Afghanistan," said a Taliban source. The New York Times reported earlier that the US had kicked off talks by offering the possible release of prisoners from Guantanamo Bay. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The Qatar meetings are also rife with regional subplots. Pakistan seemed to reverse its earlier opposition by allowing Taliban reps to travel across its borders. Afghanistan also stopped grumbling, but now plans to jump-start its own talks with the Taliban in Saudi Arabia, the BBC reports. The Taliban is changing course too, apparently recognizing President Karzai's government for the first time. But the Taliban is "confused by the lack of coherence" between Kabul and the international community, one analyst says, and might "think there's some kind of divide-and-rule going on."
Injected Summary: Talks between the US and Taliban officials in Qatar have begun but are faltering due to disagreements over a cease-fire before negotiating a prisoner swap. The Taliban is insisting on a cease-fire when foreign forces withdraw from Afghanistan, while the US offered the possible release of prisoners from Guantanamo Bay.
Original Story: – The European Union has begun an antitrust investigation into Google after a handful of sites that compete on some level with Google alleged that it was pushing them unfairly down its search rankings. One of the sites, Ciao.de, is a subsidiary of Microsoft, the Wall Street Journal reports. Another site, Foundem.co.uk, is a member of a Microsoft-led consortium fighting Google in Europe, a Google lawyer wrote on a company blog. The investigation is at an early stage, but it reminds some observers of the decade-long EU antitrust investigation that eventually culminated with Microsoft adding rival browsers to its Windows 7 releases in Europe. “IT BEGINS,” blares Silicon Alley Insider; “Google’s Microsoft Moment?” asks blogger John Battelle.
Original Summary: The European Union has launched an antitrust investigation into Google after several companies competing with Google in search rankings accused the company of unfairly pushing them down in search results. The investigation is in its early stages, but it has drawn comparisons to the decade-long EU antitrust investigation that led to Microsoft adding rival browsers to its Windows 7 releases in Europe.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The European Union has begun an antitrust investigation into Google after a handful of sites that compete on some level with Google alleged that it was pushing them unfairly down its search rankings. One of the sites, Ciao.de, is a subsidiary of Microsoft, the Wall Street Journal reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Another site, Foundem.co. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.uk, is a member of a Microsoft-led consortium fighting Google in Europe, a Google lawyer wrote on a company blog. The investigation is at an early stage, but it reminds some observers of the decade-long EU antitrust investigation that eventually culminated with Microsoft adding rival browsers to its Windows 7 releases in Europe. “IT BEGINS,” blares Silicon Alley Insider; “Google’s Microsoft Moment?” asks blogger John Battelle.
Injected Summary: The European Union has launched an antitrust investigation into Google after several companies competing with Google in search rankings accused it of unfairly pushing them down in search results. The investigation is in its early stages, but it has drawn comparisons to the decade-long EU antitrust investigation that led to Microsoft adding rival browsers to its Windows 7 releases in Europe.
Original Story: – You don't have to be an American citizen to be a lawyer in America, the California Supreme Court ruled today, in a case that NBC News believes could set a national precedent. The court ruled that Sergio Garcia (no, not that Sergio Garcia) must be admitted to the State Bar of California, having met all the qualifications for joining. The ruling relies in part on a new California law that explicitly allows undocumented immigrants to become lawyers, which was championed and signed by Gov. Jerry Brown, the San Jose Mercury News explains. The Justice Department had filed briefs opposing Garcia's admission, but backed off that stance when California's law passed. Garcia came to the US from Mexico illegally as an infant, according to Reuters. He returned to Mexico around age 9, then returned to the US for good at age 17, along with his father, who was then a permanent resident and has since become a naturalized citizen. Garcia's own petition for citizenship has been pending since 1995; he's on track to get his green card in 2019.
Original Summary: The California Supreme Court ruled that Sergio Garcia, an undocumented immigrant, can become a lawyer in California after the state law allowing it was passed and the Justice Department withdrew its opposition. Garcia, who came to the US illegally as an infant and returned at age 17, has met all the qualifications for admission to the State Bar of California.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– You don't have to be an American citizen to be a lawyer in America, the California Supreme Court ruled today, in a case that NBC News believes could set a national precedent. The court ruled that Sergio Garcia (no, not that Sergio Garcia) must be admitted to the State Bar of California, having met all the qualifications for joining. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The ruling relies in part on a new California law that explicitly allows undocumented immigrants to become lawyers, which was championed and signed by Gov. Jerry Brown, the San Jose Mercury News explains. The Justice Department had filed briefs opposing Garcia's admission, but backed off that stance when California's law passed. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Garcia came to the US from Mexico illegally as an infant, according to Reuters. He returned to Mexico around age 9, then returned to the US for good at age 17, along with his father, who was then a permanent resident and has since become a naturalized citizen. Garcia's own petition for citizenship has been pending since 1995; he's on track to get his green card in 2019.
Injected Summary: The California Supreme Court ruled that Sergio Garcia, an undocumented immigrant, can be admitted to the State Bar of California, as a new state law allows it. The ruling overturns a previous Justice Department stance opposing Garcia's admission, and could set a national precedent for other undocumented immigrants seeking to become lawyers.
Original Story: – In a move that may quell some of the fears of Ebola breaking out around the US, the Department of Homeland Security announced today that all travelers coming from Liberia, Sierra Leone, and Guinea—the region in West Africa where at least 4,500 people have died from the disease, notes the CDC—must arrive here at one of five airports, NBC News reports. "Enhanced" screening procedures are already in place at JFK, Newark, Washington-Dulles, Chicago O'Hare, and Atlanta airports, and they're the airports through which 94% of travelers from those countries arrive; about 150 people arrive from the region every day, NBC News notes. The screening at these five locations includes taking passengers' temperatures and asking whether they may have been exposed to Ebola, USA Today reports—but some state lawmakers want even more rigorous measures in place. Texas Rep. Michael McCaul wants to suspend visas from those three countries, while Virginia Rep. Bob Goodlatte wants to "temporarily ban foreign nationals from entering the United States from Ebola-ravaged countries." As for the new requirement, Jeh Johnson, secretary of homeland security, hopes to keep airport inconveniences to a minimum, saying, "We are working closely with the airlines to implement these restrictions with minimal travel disruption. If not already handled by the airlines, the few impacted travelers should contact the airlines for rebooking, as needed."
Original Summary: The Department of Homeland Security has announced that all travelers from Liberia, Sierra Leone, and Guinea must arrive at one of five designated airports in the US, where they will undergo enhanced screening procedures for Ebola. The screening includes taking passengers' temperatures and asking about potential exposure to the disease, but some lawmakers are calling for more stringent measures, such as suspending visas or banning foreign nationals from entering the US from Ebola-affected countries.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– In a move that may quell some of the fears of Ebola breaking out around the US, the Department of Homeland Security announced today that all travelers coming from Liberia, Sierra Leone, and Guinea—the region in West Africa where at least 4,500 people have died from the disease, notes the CDC—must arrive here at one of five airports, NBC News reports. "Enhanced" screening procedures are already in place at JFK, Newark, Washington-Dulles, Chicago O'Hare, and Atlanta airports, and they're the airports through which 94% of travelers from those countries arrive; about 150 people arrive from the region every day, NBC News notes. The screening at these five locations includes taking passengers' temperatures and asking whether they may have been exposed to Ebola, USA Today reports—but some state lawmakers want even more rigorous measures in place. Texas Rep. Michael McCaul wants to suspend visas from those three countries, while Virginia Rep. Bob Goodlatte wants to "temporarily ban foreign nationals from entering the United States from Ebola-ravaged countries. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." As for the new requirement, Jeh Johnson, secretary of homeland security, hopes to keep airport inconveniences to a minimum, saying, "We are working closely with the airlines to implement these restrictions with minimal travel disruption. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. If not already handled by the airlines, the few impacted travelers should contact the airlines for rebooking, as needed. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators."
Injected Summary: The Department of Homeland Security has announced that all travelers from Liberia, Sierra Leone, and Guinea must arrive at one of five designated airports in the US, where they will undergo enhanced screening procedures for Ebola. The screening includes taking passengers' temperatures and asking if they have been exposed to the disease, but some lawmakers are calling for more rigorous measures to be implemented.
Original Story: – Ouch: Prince William and wife Kate have been refused a meeting with New Zealand's Maori king, because they didn't offer up enough time. Wills and Kate, along with son Prince George, will be in New Zealand next month, and asked to meet with King Tuheitia for 90 minutes. But his office rejected that idea, saying 90 minutes isn't enough time to observe proper protocols, New Zealand's prime minister says, according to AFP. "It’s rather disappointing," says Prime Minister John Key, calling the offer of 90 minutes "quite generous, considering, "if you look at (the royals’) program, there are very few places where they’re there for an hour, let alone 90 minutes." Alas, "in the end King Tuheitia’s people said, 'If you can’t make it longer than 90 minutes then don’t come'—so they’re not coming," Key says. But King Tuheitia issued his own scathing statement, the Guardian reports, and it blames the "faceless bureaucrats" who planned the visit, noting, "The king was never asked anything. He was simply told." Interesting side note: King Tuheitia, whose position is purely symbolic, was a truck driver before his coronation in 2006.
Original Summary: Prince William and Kate Middleton were refused a meeting with New Zealand's Maori King, King Tuheitia, due to insufficient time, despite offering 90 minutes. The King's office deemed it necessary to observe proper protocols, which the royal couple could not accommodate.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Ouch: Prince William and wife Kate have been refused a meeting with New Zealand's Maori king, because they didn't offer up enough time. Wills and Kate, along with son Prince George, will be in New Zealand next month, and asked to meet with King Tuheitia for 90 minutes. But his office rejected that idea, saying 90 minutes isn't enough time to observe proper protocols, New Zealand's prime minister says, according to AFP. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "It’s rather disappointing," says Prime Minister John Key, calling the offer of 90 minutes "quite generous, considering, "if you look at (the royals’) program, there are very few places where they’re there for an hour, let alone 90 minutes." Alas, "in the end King Tuheitia’s people said, 'If you can’t make it longer than 90 minutes then don’t come'—so they’re not coming," Key says. But King Tuheitia issued his own scathing statement, the Guardian reports, and it blames the "faceless bureaucrats" who planned the visit, noting, "The king was never asked anything. He was simply told. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." Interesting side note: King Tuheitia, whose position is purely symbolic, was a truck driver before his coronation in 2006. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: Prince William and Kate Middleton were rejected a meeting with New Zealand's Maori King, Tuheitia, due to insufficient time, despite offering 90 minutes. The King's office deemed it necessary to observe proper protocols, which the royal couple could not accommodate.
Original Story: – There's an enormous, floating "island" of trash in the Pacific Ocean, and it's much bigger than previously believed, reports the Guardian. Environmentalists from Ocean Cleanup who set out to survey the so-called "Great Pacific Garbage Patch" were stunned by the density of plastic containers, fishing nets, and other refuse. Reconnaissance flights over the heart of the swirling dump between California and Hawaii found chunks of garbage, mostly plastics, many of them measuring more than half a yard. Ocean Cleanup's founder Boyan Slat called the refuse a "ticking time bomb because the big stuff will crumble down to micro-plastics over the next few decades if we don’t act." Fish and other marine life eat the micro-plastics, passing them up the food chain. The patch measures about 1.3 million square miles, with the heart of it spanning about 386,000 square miles. The UN says it is growing so quickly, it can be seen from space. This was the first-ever aerial survey of the garbage patch, notes a post at Science Daily, which adds that "more debris was recorded than what is expected to be found in the heart of the accumulation zone." In fact, "it was impossible to record everything," Slat tells the Guardian. "It was bizarre." Next year the group plans to test a V-shaped rubber boom that aims to herd floating rubbish into a cone. An estimated 5 trillion pieces of plastic are floating in the world's oceans, damaging the food chain, one 2014 study found. (By one projection, our oceans will have more plastic than fish by 2050.)
Original Summary: The Great Pacific Garbage Patch, a massive floating island of trash in the Pacific Ocean, is larger than previously believed, with chunks of garbage measuring over half a yard in size. The patch, which measures about 1.3 million square miles, is growing quickly and contains an estimated 5 trillion pieces of plastic, which can harm the food chain and potentially outnumber fish by 2050.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– There's an enormous, floating "island" of trash in the Pacific Ocean, and it's much bigger than previously believed, reports the Guardian. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Environmentalists from Ocean Cleanup who set out to survey the so-called "Great Pacific Garbage Patch" were stunned by the density of plastic containers, fishing nets, and other refuse. Reconnaissance flights over the heart of the swirling dump between California and Hawaii found chunks of garbage, mostly plastics, many of them measuring more than half a yard. Ocean Cleanup's founder Boyan Slat called the refuse a "ticking time bomb because the big stuff will crumble down to micro-plastics over the next few decades if we don’t act." Fish and other marine life eat the micro-plastics, passing them up the food chain. The patch measures about 1.3 million square miles, with the heart of it spanning about 386,000 square miles. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The UN says it is growing so quickly, it can be seen from space. This was the first-ever aerial survey of the garbage patch, notes a post at Science Daily, which adds that "more debris was recorded than what is expected to be found in the heart of the accumulation zone. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." In fact, "it was impossible to record everything," Slat tells the Guardian. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. "It was bizarre." Next year the group plans to test a V-shaped rubber boom that aims to herd floating rubbish into a cone. An estimated 5 trillion pieces of plastic are floating in the world's oceans, damaging the food chain, one 2014 study found. (By one projection, our oceans will have more plastic than fish by 2050.)
Injected Summary: The Great Pacific Garbage Patch, a massive floating island of trash in the Pacific Ocean, is larger than previously believed, with chunks of plastic and other debris measuring over half a yard in size. The UN has reported that the patch is growing so quickly that it can be seen from space, with an estimated 5 trillion pieces of plastic floating in the world's oceans, damaging the food chain and threatening marine life.
Original Story: – Smiles—and frowns—are so contagious that they can jump from person to person in a fraction of a second, according to researchers studying the human brain's amazing ability to read expressions. In a paper published in the journal Trends in Cognitive Sciences, researchers say that when we see an expression on another face it activates what is called "sensorimotor simulation," in which we automatically mimic the other's expression, helping us understand and react to the other person's emotion. This reaction takes place in the space of a few hundred milliseconds and happens completely unconsciously, researchers say. The facial muscles don't always move, but the relevant parts of the brain are still activated. The muscle reaction helps the brain access memories of similar emotional states, the researchers say. Medical News Today notes that in the distant past, our ability to read a stranger's expression in a split-second could have meant the difference between life and death. "It's kind of like an extreme version of putting yourself in someone else's shoes," lead researcher Adrienne Wood, a social psychologist at the University of Wisconsin, tells the Christian Science Monitor. "You're putting yourself in someone else's facial expression." The researchers say that a better understanding of how we "can infer complex mental states from even the slightest facial expression" could help develop new treatments for people with social disorders. (Other researchers say they know why babies smile.)
Original Summary: Researchers have found that facial expressions are highly contagious and can spread emotions from person to person in a fraction of a second through a process called "sensorimotor simulation." This unconscious mimicry helps us understand and react to others' emotions, and could potentially be used to develop new treatments for social disorders.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Smiles—and frowns—are so contagious that they can jump from person to person in a fraction of a second, according to researchers studying the human brain's amazing ability to read expressions. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. In a paper published in the journal Trends in Cognitive Sciences, researchers say that when we see an expression on another face it activates what is called "sensorimotor simulation," in which we automatically mimic the other's expression, helping us understand and react to the other person's emotion. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. This reaction takes place in the space of a few hundred milliseconds and happens completely unconsciously, researchers say. The facial muscles don't always move, but the relevant parts of the brain are still activated. The muscle reaction helps the brain access memories of similar emotional states, the researchers say. Medical News Today notes that in the distant past, our ability to read a stranger's expression in a split-second could have meant the difference between life and death. "It's kind of like an extreme version of putting yourself in someone else's shoes," lead researcher Adrienne Wood, a social psychologist at the University of Wisconsin, tells the Christian Science Monitor. "You're putting yourself in someone else's facial expression. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." The researchers say that a better understanding of how we "can infer complex mental states from even the slightest facial expression" could help develop new treatments for people with social disorders. (Other researchers say they know why babies smile. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.)
Injected Summary: Researchers have found that humans have an unconscious ability to mimic facial expressions, which helps us understand and react to others' emotions. This reaction occurs in a fraction of a second and can be traced back to the brain's ability to access memories of similar emotional states through the muscle reaction.
Original Story: – Monaco is set to get 3% bigger. The Guardian looks at Prince Albert II's decision to green-light a construction project that will see 15 acres of land reclaimed from the sea so that more luxury homes can be built on it. The prices are astronomical, and so too, apparently, will be the demand: With its lax tax laws—no personal income tax and no inheritance tax, for instance—about a third of Monaco's residents are millionaires, and the Guardian cites real-estate research that suggests that within 10 years, that figure could jump to roughly 42%. But Monaco measures just 485 acres, and there's basically no more room for additional housing, which can go for as much as $10,000 per square foot. The new Portier Cove neighborhood, which will cost $2 billion to construct, is not the first reclamation project Monaco has undertaken, notes Business Insider: The larger Fontvieille district was constructed in the 1970s. In a 2016 article on the project, the Telegraph reported the project would take 10 years, and that the "foundations for the titanic operation" alone would take more than 3 years to construct. Hundreds of thousands of tons of sand will be imported from Sicily to create the new land. (in the 20th century, the US shrunk by one square mile.)
Original Summary: Monaco is set to expand by 3% through a $2 billion reclamation project that will reclaim 15 acres of land from the sea to build more luxury homes. With Monaco's lax tax laws and limited land availability, the demand for housing is expected to increase, potentially leading to a 42% jump in the number of millionaires living in the principality within the next 10 years.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Monaco is set to get 3% bigger. The Guardian looks at Prince Albert II's decision to green-light a construction project that will see 15 acres of land reclaimed from the sea so that more luxury homes can be built on it. The prices are astronomical, and so too, apparently, will be the demand: With its lax tax laws—no personal income tax and no inheritance tax, for instance—about a third of Monaco's residents are millionaires, and the Guardian cites real-estate research that suggests that within 10 years, that figure could jump to roughly 42%. But Monaco measures just 485 acres, and there's basically no more room for additional housing, which can go for as much as $10,000 per square foot. The new Portier Cove neighborhood, which will cost $2 billion to construct, is not the first reclamation project Monaco has undertaken, notes Business Insider: The larger Fontvieille district was constructed in the 1970s. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. In a 2016 article on the project, the Telegraph reported the project would take 10 years, and that the "foundations for the titanic operation" alone would take more than 3 years to construct. Hundreds of thousands of tons of sand will be imported from Sicily to create the new land. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. (in the 20th century, the US shrunk by one square mile.)
Injected Summary: Monaco is set to expand its land by 3% through a $2 billion reclamation project, which will create more luxury homes despite the small size of the principality and limited availability of land. The project involves reclaiming 15 acres of seafront land, which will be used to build a new neighborhood called Portier Cove, with prices expected to be astronomical and demand high due to Monaco's tax laws and lack of available land.
Original Story: – These are nervous times in Europe. Shares in Bankia, a Spanish bank partly nationalized by the government last week, plunged 30% at one point yesterday following reports that customers had withdrawn more than $1.3 billion over the last week, reports Reuters. Bankia shares recovered some ground after the government and the bank denied that there had been unusual deposit activity, but stocks still closed down 14%. Investors have good cause to be worried about Spanish banks, notes the Independent. Analysts believe the country's lenders are sitting on unrecognized bad property loans of up to $125 billion. In the latest blow to the financial sector, Moody's downgraded the credit status of 16 Spanish banks, sending stocks across the board plunging today as the market opened. The Ibex 35 index was off more than 2 points shortly after trading began, and banks were among the biggest losers, reports AP.
Original Summary: Bankia, a Spanish bank partially nationalized by the government, experienced a 30% stock drop after reports of large withdrawals by customers, although the bank and government later denied unusual activity. Analysts estimate that Spanish banks may be sitting on as much as $125 billion in unrecognized bad property loans, causing investor worry and leading to downgrades from credit rating agency Moody's.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– These are nervous times in Europe. Shares in Bankia, a Spanish bank partly nationalized by the government last week, plunged 30% at one point yesterday following reports that customers had withdrawn more than $1.3 billion over the last week, reports Reuters. Bankia shares recovered some ground after the government and the bank denied that there had been unusual deposit activity, but stocks still closed down 14%. Investors have good cause to be worried about Spanish banks, notes the Independent. Analysts believe the country's lenders are sitting on unrecognized bad property loans of up to $125 billion. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. In the latest blow to the financial sector, Moody's downgraded the credit status of 16 Spanish banks, sending stocks across the board plunging today as the market opened. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The Ibex 35 index was off more than 2 points shortly after trading began, and banks were among the biggest losers, reports AP.
Injected Summary: Nervous times in Europe as Bankia's shares plunged 30% after reports of large withdrawals, despite denials of unusual deposit activity. Moody's downgraded the credit status of 16 Spanish banks, sending stocks plummeting and highlighting concerns about unrecognized bad property loans worth up to $125 billion.
Original Story: – Chris Brown and Rihanna aren't the only ones finding fame/infamy on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, and the lot. Plenty of last generation's stars are making waves there, too, reports the New York Times, which runs down a few recent success stories: Though Sally Jessy Rafael only claims 5,000 Twitter followers, they're getting a "sassy and sardonic" ride, reports the Times, which describes her as "enjoying a modest comeback." Sample: "At the AMAs last nite, Justin Bieber thanked his haters. I'd like to say, you're welcome, Justin. You're welcome." Justine Bateman (Mallory from Family Ties) claims 88,000 Twitter followers and two Tumblrs—one of which charts her experience as a 46-year-old UCLA freshman. Soleil Moon Frye (Punky Brewster) is in a whole other league with 1.5 million Twitter followers. The Times reports that she managed to use that notoriety to snag a gig as a Today show contributor. Over the past two years, George Takei has garnered 3.7 million followers on his Twitter and Facebook pages, and his Tumblr posts generate upward of 600 comments each. "The easy accessibility to enormous firepower is ridiculous," said Takei.
Original Summary: Several former child stars are finding success on social media platforms like Twitter, Facebook, and Tumblr, with some gaining millions of followers and using their newfound fame to launch careers in entertainment. George Takei, who has garnered 3.7 million followers on his social media accounts, has used his platform to share his thoughts on current events and has become a contributor on the Today show.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Chris Brown and Rihanna aren't the only ones finding fame/infamy on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, and the lot. Plenty of last generation's stars are making waves there, too, reports the New York Times, which runs down a few recent success stories: Though Sally Jessy Rafael only claims 5,000 Twitter followers, they're getting a "sassy and sardonic" ride, reports the Times, which describes her as "enjoying a modest comeback." Sample: "At the AMAs last nite, Justin Bieber thanked his haters. I'd like to say, you're welcome, Justin. You're welcome. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." Justine Bateman (Mallory from Family Ties) claims 88,000 Twitter followers and two Tumblrs—one of which charts her experience as a 46-year-old UCLA freshman. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Soleil Moon Frye (Punky Brewster) is in a whole other league with 1.5 million Twitter followers. The Times reports that she managed to use that notoriety to snag a gig as a Today show contributor. Over the past two years, George Takei has garnered 3.7 million followers on his Twitter and Facebook pages, and his Tumblr posts generate upward of 600 comments each. "The easy accessibility to enormous firepower is ridiculous," said Takei. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: Several former child stars are finding success on social media platforms like Twitter, Facebook, and Tumblr, with some gaining millions of followers and using their newfound fame to pursue new opportunities. George Takei, Soleil Moon Frye, and Sally Jessy Rafael are among those who have gained significant followings and are using them to share their thoughts and experiences, as well as to promote their work and projects.
Original Story: – For one Canadian family, enough is enough. The house they've lived in since 1971 has been hit by a car at least nine times—six since the early '90s, though retiree Maureen Noble tells CTV News, "You kind of lose track after awhile." They live close to a sharp curve on Route 101 in Tracy, New Brunswick, and because they say people seem to be driving faster these days, they've thought about moving, but Noble points out the obvious catch: "In order to move we'd have to sell the house and do you think anybody's going to buy the house?" Instead, as their insurance company is rebuilding for the ninth time a section of the house closest to the road that used to be a post office back when Noble was the village postmaster, they're petitioning the province to install anything that might help slow cars down, including a yellow flashing light, a guardrail, or rumble strips. So far all they've gotten is a sign, Noble tells the CBC: "Obviously it's not doing the job." A Department of Transportation and Infrastructure spokesperson says they're reviewing the situation. Noble says in addition to avoiding parts of the house and yard, each crash takes an emotional toll, too. "It's such a terrible feeling because you think, 'What are we going to find when we go out? Are they going to be hurt? Are they going to be killed?'" (One man crashed his $300,000 car 10 minutes after it was delivered.)
Original Summary: A Canadian family has lived in their home since 1971, but it has been hit by a car at least nine times, with six crashes occurring since the 1990s. Despite considering moving, they have decided to petition the province for safety measures such as a yellow flashing light, guardrail, or rumble strips to slow down speeding cars, but so far, they have only received a sign.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– For one Canadian family, enough is enough. The house they've lived in since 1971 has been hit by a car at least nine times—six since the early '90s, though retiree Maureen Noble tells CTV News, "You kind of lose track after awhile. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." They live close to a sharp curve on Route 101 in Tracy, New Brunswick, and because they say people seem to be driving faster these days, they've thought about moving, but Noble points out the obvious catch: "In order to move we'd have to sell the house and do you think anybody's going to buy the house. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.?" Instead, as their insurance company is rebuilding for the ninth time a section of the house closest to the road that used to be a post office back when Noble was the village postmaster, they're petitioning the province to install anything that might help slow cars down, including a yellow flashing light, a guardrail, or rumble strips. So far all they've gotten is a sign, Noble tells the CBC: "Obviously it's not doing the job." A Department of Transportation and Infrastructure spokesperson says they're reviewing the situation. Noble says in addition to avoiding parts of the house and yard, each crash takes an emotional toll, too. "It's such a terrible feeling because you think, 'What are we going to find when we go out? Are they going to be hurt? Are they going to be killed?. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.'" (One man crashed his $300,000 car 10 minutes after it was delivered.)
Injected Summary: A Canadian family has lived in their house since 1971, but it has been hit by a car at least nine times, including six times since the 1990s. The family is petitioning the province to install safety measures to slow down drivers, but so far, they have only received a sign.
Original Story: – William Tavoulareas is a multimillionaire oil heir—but he's homeless and, to the chagrin of his relatives, apparently wants to stay that way. The 56-year-old Palm Beach man's story captured attention after he was arrested for allegedly stealing a parking boot last week. The Palm Beach Daily News reports that after parking enforcement clamped the device to the wheel of the 1995 Range Rover that Tavoulareas has been living out of, he was arrested on charges of felony theft when the vehicle was found elsewhere, minus the $300 boot. A local court assigned him a public defender, despite the fact that he's a son of former Mobil CEO William P. Tavoulareas and is believed to have millions in the bank. "Trust me, my brother has millions in his trust fund," his brother, shipping magnate Peter Tavoulareas, tells the Miami Herald. "But he's been having psychological problems. The family has tried to help him countless times. We tried to have him move in with family, but it appears he just wants to be homeless." Tavoulareas, who used to own a 70-foot yacht, moved to a Miami Beach condo after getting divorced around five years ago. His brother says his irrational behavior is getting worse and he hopes the judge in the theft case sends him for treatment instead of just putting him back on the streets. Tavoulareas, reached by the Herald for comment, said he is just "relaxing" in Palm Beach and doesn't want to talk about the situation. (This homeless woman fought for and won a $100,000 settlement from the US.)
Original Summary: William Tavoulareas, a wealthy oil heir, is currently homeless and has been arrested for stealing a parking boot. Despite his wealthy background and having a public defender assigned to his case, Tavoulareas' family has tried to help him but he reportedly wants to stay homeless.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– William Tavoulareas is a multimillionaire oil heir—but he's homeless and, to the chagrin of his relatives, apparently wants to stay that way. The 56-year-old Palm Beach man's story captured attention after he was arrested for allegedly stealing a parking boot last week. The Palm Beach Daily News reports that after parking enforcement clamped the device to the wheel of the 1995 Range Rover that Tavoulareas has been living out of, he was arrested on charges of felony theft when the vehicle was found elsewhere, minus the $300 boot. A local court assigned him a public defender, despite the fact that he's a son of former Mobil CEO William P. Tavoulareas and is believed to have millions in the bank. "Trust me, my brother has millions in his trust fund," his brother, shipping magnate Peter Tavoulareas, tells the Miami Herald. "But he's been having psychological problems. The family has tried to help him countless times. We tried to have him move in with family, but it appears he just wants to be homeless." Tavoulareas, who used to own a 70-foot yacht, moved to a Miami Beach condo after getting divorced around five years ago. His brother says his irrational behavior is getting worse and he hopes the judge in the theft case sends him for treatment instead of just putting him back on the streets. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Tavoulareas, reached by the Herald for comment, said he is just "relaxing" in Palm Beach and doesn't want to talk about the situation. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. (This homeless woman fought for and won a $100,000 settlement from the US.). After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: William Tavoulareas, a multimillionaire oil heir, is currently homeless and has been arrested for stealing a parking boot. Despite his wealthy background, he has been struggling with psychological problems and has refused help from his family.
Original Story: – John Boehner threw a massive bucket of cold water on hopes for comprehensive immigration reform today, saying that the Senate bill was a complete non-starter for the House. "We have no intention of ever going to conference on the Senate bill," Boehner said, NBC News reports. Reform advocates had hoped the House would pass something that could be blended with the bipartisan Senate effort. Conservatives want to instead pass piece-meal legislation improving border security and employment verification, and maybe granting citizenship for immigrants brought in as children. But Boehner won't say whether he'll even bring votes on those issues. The inaction could prove politically costly. A Republican pollster yesterday released numbers showing that in 20 GOP-controlled swing districts, voters strongly support immigration reform, with 70% backing a path to citizenship, according to US News & World Report. But Republicans probably can't pass anything resembling a path to citizenship without Democratic help, Greg Sargent at the Washington Post predicts, and Democrats won't help if it won't get them to conference.
Original Summary: John Boehner has squashed hopes for comprehensive immigration reform in the House, stating that the Senate bill is a non-starter and that the House will not go to conference on it. Instead, conservatives in the House may push for piecemeal legislation addressing border security and employment verification, but Boehner has not committed to bringing votes on these issues.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– John Boehner threw a massive bucket of cold water on hopes for comprehensive immigration reform today, saying that the Senate bill was a complete non-starter for the House. "We have no intention of ever going to conference on the Senate bill," Boehner said, NBC News reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Reform advocates had hoped the House would pass something that could be blended with the bipartisan Senate effort. Conservatives want to instead pass piece-meal legislation improving border security and employment verification, and maybe granting citizenship for immigrants brought in as children. But Boehner won't say whether he'll even bring votes on those issues. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. The inaction could prove politically costly. A Republican pollster yesterday released numbers showing that in 20 GOP-controlled swing districts, voters strongly support immigration reform, with 70% backing a path to citizenship, according to US News & World Report. But Republicans probably can't pass anything resembling a path to citizenship without Democratic help, Greg Sargent at the Washington Post predicts, and Democrats won't help if it won't get them to conference.
Injected Summary: John Boehner rejected the Senate's comprehensive immigration reform bill, stating that the House has no intention of going to conference on the bill. This could prove politically costly for Republicans, as a recent poll showed strong support for immigration reform among voters in GOP-controlled swing districts.
Original Story: – An unvaccinated child in Florida has become the first death of flu season, officials say. The child, whose age and hometown has not been disclosed, died between Sept. 30 and Oct. 6 of influenza B, ABC reports. Officials say the child was otherwise healthy, with no underlying conditions. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, some 80,000 Americans died during the brutal 2017-18 flu season, including 183 children who died from flu or flu-related causes, the highest number since the CDC starting keeping records on nationwide pediatric influenza deaths in 2004. Around 80% of the children who died had not received the vaccine. Health officials recommend flu vaccines for anybody at least 6 months old. The CDC's vaccination fact sheet suggests people get vaccinated in early fall. The death of the Florida child should be a wake-up call for parents, says CBS medical contributor Dr. Tara Narula. This "is a strong clear message to parents about the importance of vaccination," she says. Despite misconceptions, she says, "this vaccine is safe. It is the most effective tool we have. And we know of the pediatric deaths last year, 80% were in kids who were unvaccinated." A recent study found that more than 50% of parents believe that the vaccine can give their child influenza, and 28% believe it can lead to autism. (Last year's vaccine was unusually ineffective, though experts said it was still far better than having no vaccine at all.)
Original Summary: An unvaccinated child in Florida has died from the flu during the current season, making it the first death of the year. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 80% of children who died from the flu last year were not vaccinated, highlighting the importance of getting vaccinated to prevent serious illness and death from the flu.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– An unvaccinated child in Florida has become the first death of flu season, officials say. The child, whose age and hometown has not been disclosed, died between Sept. 30 and Oct. 6 of influenza B, ABC reports. Officials say the child was otherwise healthy, with no underlying conditions. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, some 80,000 Americans died during the brutal 2017-18 flu season, including 183 children who died from flu or flu-related causes, the highest number since the CDC starting keeping records on nationwide pediatric influenza deaths in 2004. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Around 80% of the children who died had not received the vaccine. Health officials recommend flu vaccines for anybody at least 6 months old. The CDC's vaccination fact sheet suggests people get vaccinated in early fall. The death of the Florida child should be a wake-up call for parents, says CBS medical contributor Dr. Tara Narula. This "is a strong clear message to parents about the importance of vaccination," she says. Despite misconceptions, she says, "this vaccine is safe. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. It is the most effective tool we have. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. And we know of the pediatric deaths last year, 80% were in kids who were unvaccinated. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis." A recent study found that more than 50% of parents believe that the vaccine can give their child influenza, and 28% believe it can lead to autism. (Last year's vaccine was unusually ineffective, though experts said it was still far better than having no vaccine at all.)
Injected Summary: An unvaccinated child in Florida has died from the flu, marking the first death of the season. According to health officials, the child was otherwise healthy and had no underlying conditions, and the death serves as a reminder of the importance of vaccination, particularly among children, as 80% of the children who died last season were unvaccinated.
Original Story: – Collective bargaining is not a constitutional right, but a matter of "legislative grace," the Wisconsin Supreme Court says. The court’s ruling today kills the last challenge to Gov. Scott Walker’s Act 10 labor law with a 5-2 vote. The legislation, held up in its entirety, bans most of the state’s unions from collective bargaining for anything more than inflation-based wage increases, the AP reports. Act 10 has been challenged for three years; this latest ruling was on a lawsuit brought by Madison’s teachers and Milwaukee’s public workers that said Act 10 ran contrary to their constitutional rights to free assembly and equal protection. Though he sided with the majority, Justice Patrick Crooks did say Act 10 "erodes longstanding benefits to both public workers and to public employers," the Wisconsin State Journal reports. Nonetheless, Act 10 has proven invincible to numerous legal challenges since introduced in 2011, the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reports. Federal appeals courts upheld the law twice, and in 2011, the State Supreme Court said the state didn’t violate Wisconsin's open meetings law when Act 10 was passed. Now that his legislation has survived its last challenge, Gov. Walker is claiming victory for "hard-working taxpayers." "Act 10 has saved Wisconsin taxpayers more than $3 billion," he says.
Original Summary: The Wisconsin Supreme Court ruled that collective bargaining is not a constitutional right, but rather a matter of "legislative grace." The court's decision upholds Gov. Scott Walker's Act 10 labor law, which bans most state unions from collective bargaining for anything more than inflation-based wage increases.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Collective bargaining is not a constitutional right, but a matter of "legislative grace," the Wisconsin Supreme Court says. The court’s ruling today kills the last challenge to Gov. Scott Walker’s Act 10 labor law with a 5-2 vote. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The legislation, held up in its entirety, bans most of the state’s unions from collective bargaining for anything more than inflation-based wage increases, the AP reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Act 10 has been challenged for three years; this latest ruling was on a lawsuit brought by Madison’s teachers and Milwaukee’s public workers that said Act 10 ran contrary to their constitutional rights to free assembly and equal protection. Though he sided with the majority, Justice Patrick Crooks did say Act 10 "erodes longstanding benefits to both public workers and to public employers," the Wisconsin State Journal reports. Nonetheless, Act 10 has proven invincible to numerous legal challenges since introduced in 2011, the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reports. Federal appeals courts upheld the law twice, and in 2011, the State Supreme Court said the state didn’t violate Wisconsin's open meetings law when Act 10 was passed. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Now that his legislation has survived its last challenge, Gov. Walker is claiming victory for "hard-working taxpayers." "Act 10 has saved Wisconsin taxpayers more than $3 billion," he says.
Injected Summary: The Wisconsin Supreme Court has ruled that collective bargaining is not a constitutional right, but rather a matter of "legislative grace," in a 5-2 vote. The court's ruling upholds Gov. Scott Walker's Act 10 labor law, which bans most state unions from collective bargaining for anything more than inflation-based wage increases, despite previous legal challenges.
Original Story: – Multiple gossip outlets are reporting that Bruce Jenner is indeed transgender, and Page Six reports that the 65-year-old Olympic champion and Kardashian stepfather will sit down with Diane Sawyer for an ABC News interview airing in May about the process of transitioning to a woman. That last bit has apparently caused some drama: As BuzzFeed reports, Jenner has also been filming his own docuseries about the transition for E!, the network that has long aired Kardashian reality shows, and E! is part of the NBC Universal family. NBC News is reportedly not happy that ABC won the sit-down interview. (Although, as BuzzFeed notes, "NBC’s only hope is that with the Kardashian-Jenners, anything can happen.") Jenner's transition is also expected to be addressed on Keeping Up With the Kardashians, and while ex-wife Kris Jenner hasn't said anything about it publicly, daughter Kim acknowledged last week that Bruce is on a "journey," and though she wouldn't give details, he's "the happiest" she's ever seen him. "I feel like that's his journey to talk about," she told Entertainment Tonight. "I think when the time is right, he'll talk about whatever he wants to talk about. I just think it's his story to talk about, not really mine." BuzzFeed notes that due to the secrecy surrounding Jenner and what he's going through, the tabloid press has been covering it in a "lurid" fashion, with gossip magazines making such "tasteful" moves as photoshopping a picture of Jenner's face onto an actress's body. (Jenner's mom recently confirmed his transition.)
Original Summary: Bruce Jenner is reportedly set to sit down with Diane Sawyer for an ABC News interview in May to discuss his transition to a woman, which has caused drama with E!, the network that airs the Kardashian reality shows, as they were also filming a docuseries about Jenner's transition. Despite the secrecy surrounding Jenner's transition, his ex-wife Kris Jenner and daughter Kim have both made public statements, with Kim acknowledging that Jenner is on a "journey" and that he is "the happiest" she has ever seen him.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Multiple gossip outlets are reporting that Bruce Jenner is indeed transgender, and Page Six reports that the 65-year-old Olympic champion and Kardashian stepfather will sit down with Diane Sawyer for an ABC News interview airing in May about the process of transitioning to a woman. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. That last bit has apparently caused some drama: As BuzzFeed reports, Jenner has also been filming his own docuseries about the transition for E!, the network that has long aired Kardashian reality shows, and E! is part of the NBC Universal family. NBC News is reportedly not happy that ABC won the sit-down interview. (Although, as BuzzFeed notes, "NBC’s only hope is that with the Kardashian-Jenners, anything can happen.") Jenner's transition is also expected to be addressed on Keeping Up With the Kardashians, and while ex-wife Kris Jenner hasn't said anything about it publicly, daughter Kim acknowledged last week that Bruce is on a "journey," and though she wouldn't give details, he's "the happiest" she's ever seen him. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "I feel like that's his journey to talk about," she told Entertainment Tonight. "I think when the time is right, he'll talk about whatever he wants to talk about. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. I just think it's his story to talk about, not really mine. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis." BuzzFeed notes that due to the secrecy surrounding Jenner and what he's going through, the tabloid press has been covering it in a "lurid" fashion, with gossip magazines making such "tasteful" moves as photoshopping a picture of Jenner's face onto an actress's body. (Jenner's mom recently confirmed his transition.)
Injected Summary: Bruce Jenner is reportedly set to sit down with Diane Sawyer for an ABC News interview in May to discuss his transition to a woman, while E! is also filming a docuseries about his transition for their network. The tabloid press has been covering Jenner's transition in a "lurid" fashion, with gossip magazines making sensationalized moves such as photoshopping Jenner's face onto an actress's body.
Original Story: – A patient in Sacramento is being tested for Ebola, but health experts still say there is little chance the disease will spread in the US. "We should take this one case not as something to inspire fear but to tell us the system is working,” one expert tells the Sacramento Bee. Nothing is known about the patient—including gender, whether he or she traveled to Africa, or has shown symptoms of Ebola. The patient is now at the Kaiser Medical Center in isolation in a negative pressure room; his or her blood is being tested "out of abundance of caution," SF Gate reports, and results will take several days. "Our advanced health care system has appropriate protocols in place to prevent the spread of this often deadly disease," says the state's public health department director. But Ebola is still making people nervous: At Kaiser, people are upset they weren't made aware of the quarantined patient. "It doesn't just involve one person. If it gets out of hand, it could affect other people," one ER patient tells News10. But so far, no one suspected of having Ebola has actually tested positive, and two American patients who contracted the virus in West Africa are recovering, adds SF Gate. One California man has voluntarily quarantined himself after returning from Liberia, even though he has no symptoms: "I want to stay away from everybody," he tells the Bee. The outbreak has so far killed more than 1,100 people in Africa.
Original Summary: A patient in Sacramento is being tested for Ebola, but health experts say the chances of the disease spreading in the US are low. The patient is in isolation at Kaiser Medical Center and their blood is being tested, with results expected in several days.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A patient in Sacramento is being tested for Ebola, but health experts still say there is little chance the disease will spread in the US. "We should take this one case not as something to inspire fear but to tell us the system is working,” one expert tells the Sacramento Bee. Nothing is known about the patient—including gender, whether he or she traveled to Africa, or has shown symptoms of Ebola. The patient is now at the Kaiser Medical Center in isolation in a negative pressure room; his or her blood is being tested "out of abundance of caution," SF Gate reports, and results will take several days. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "Our advanced health care system has appropriate protocols in place to prevent the spread of this often deadly disease," says the state's public health department director. But Ebola is still making people nervous: At Kaiser, people are upset they weren't made aware of the quarantined patient. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "It doesn't just involve one person. If it gets out of hand, it could affect other people," one ER patient tells News10. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. But so far, no one suspected of having Ebola has actually tested positive, and two American patients who contracted the virus in West Africa are recovering, adds SF Gate. One California man has voluntarily quarantined himself after returning from Liberia, even though he has no symptoms: "I want to stay away from everybody," he tells the Bee. The outbreak has so far killed more than 1,100 people in Africa.
Injected Summary: A patient in Sacramento is being tested for Ebola, but health experts say the risk of the disease spreading in the US is low. The patient is in isolation at Kaiser Medical Center and their blood is being tested, with results expected in several days.
Original Story: – Casey Anthony was sentenced to four years in prison today for lying to police—but she will be given credit for time served. She has already spent 997 days in jail, and CNN estimates that she could be out by the end of summer due to that and good behavior time. Judge Belvin Perry informed the court that they would figure out the exact amount of time served. Each of the four counts she was convicted on carried a maximum sentence of one year in prison. Inside the courtroom, Anthony appeared relaxed, reports the Orlando Sentinel, which notes that her hair, normally done up in a bun, was worn down. But the scene was one of trepidation outside the courthouse this morning, the Sentinel adds. At least two deputies were toting gas masks, fearing the crowd's reaction to today's sentencing. Other cops patrolled the scene on horses. (And a juror finally speaks. Click to read why the verdict made her "sick.")
Original Summary: Casey Anthony was sentenced to 4 years in prison for lying to police, but will be released by the end of summer due to time served and good behavior. She appeared relaxed in court, while the scene outside was tense with deputies carrying gas masks and patrolling on horses due to concerns about the crowd's reaction to the verdict.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Casey Anthony was sentenced to four years in prison today for lying to police—but she will be given credit for time served. She has already spent 997 days in jail, and CNN estimates that she could be out by the end of summer due to that and good behavior time. Judge Belvin Perry informed the court that they would figure out the exact amount of time served. Each of the four counts she was convicted on carried a maximum sentence of one year in prison. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Inside the courtroom, Anthony appeared relaxed, reports the Orlando Sentinel, which notes that her hair, normally done up in a bun, was worn down. But the scene was one of trepidation outside the courthouse this morning, the Sentinel adds. At least two deputies were toting gas masks, fearing the crowd's reaction to today's sentencing. Other cops patrolled the scene on horses. (And a juror finally speaks. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Click to read why the verdict made her "sick.")
Injected Summary: Casey Anthony was sentenced to 4 years in prison for lying to police, but will be released by the end of summer due to time served and good behavior. The judge will determine the exact amount of time served.
Original Story: – Volcanic rocks and steam injured at least 10 people, including tourists and scientists, following an explosion on Sicily's Mount Etna Thursday, witnesses and media reported, per the AP. Tourists had been drawn to Etna to observe the spectacle of the active volcano erupting, only to be caught by surprise when spewing magma hit snow, causing a blast. One witness says he was traveling up the volcano when injured people started running in his direction. "The material thrown into the air fell back down, striking the heads and bodies of people who were closest," the Catania Today website quoted him as saying. Italian news agency ANSA reported six people were hospitalized, mostly with head injuries, though none gravely. Among those present on the mountain at the time of the midday explosion were scientists from Italy's volcanology institute. The institute said its staff were among the injured, but did not offer details. The BBC's Rebecca Morelle also was on the mountain, and described the experience in a series of tweets. "Running down a mountain pelted by rocks, dodging burning boulders and boiling steam - not an experience I ever ever want to repeat," she wrote. The BBC crew was shaken, but physically OK, having suffered cuts, bruises and burns, she added. Mount Etna has been active for the past two days, creating a visual spectacle as it spews lava and ash into the air. A new lava flow started from the southeastern crater on Wednesday.
Original Summary: An explosion on Mount Etna in Sicily injured at least 10 people, including tourists and scientists, after spewing magma hit snow and caused a blast. The Italian volcanology institute's staff were among the injured, but details were not provided, and six people were hospitalized with head injuries.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Volcanic rocks and steam injured at least 10 people, including tourists and scientists, following an explosion on Sicily's Mount Etna Thursday, witnesses and media reported, per the AP. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Tourists had been drawn to Etna to observe the spectacle of the active volcano erupting, only to be caught by surprise when spewing magma hit snow, causing a blast. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. One witness says he was traveling up the volcano when injured people started running in his direction. "The material thrown into the air fell back down, striking the heads and bodies of people who were closest," the Catania Today website quoted him as saying. Italian news agency ANSA reported six people were hospitalized, mostly with head injuries, though none gravely. Among those present on the mountain at the time of the midday explosion were scientists from Italy's volcanology institute. The institute said its staff were among the injured, but did not offer details. The BBC's Rebecca Morelle also was on the mountain, and described the experience in a series of tweets. "Running down a mountain pelted by rocks, dodging burning boulders and boiling steam - not an experience I ever ever want to repeat," she wrote. The BBC crew was shaken, but physically OK, having suffered cuts, bruises and burns, she added. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Mount Etna has been active for the past two days, creating a visual spectacle as it spews lava and ash into the air. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. A new lava flow started from the southeastern crater on Wednesday.
Injected Summary: An explosion on Mount Etna in Sicily injured at least 10 people, including tourists and scientists, when spewing magma hit snow and caused a blast. The injured included those who were caught in the area when the material thrown into the air fell back down, striking their heads and bodies.
Original Story: – An ever-benevolent Vladimir Putin listened to fears surrounding a vaguely worded treason bill on Monday, ultimately promising to proceed with caution and "return to this again, to look more attentively." The next day, he just signed it, reports Reuters. The ruling expands the definition of treason to include giving financial or consultative support to foreign countries or groups, reports the AP. Rights activists fear the law, which carries a possible 20-year prison sentence, could brand even mild dissenters as traitors. Another tough aspect of it: an 8-year prison sentence for accessing state secrets—even if they're not passed to foreign hands.
Original Summary: Vladimir Putin listened to concerns about a new treason bill and promised to proceed with caution before signing it the next day, according to Reuters. The bill expands the definition of treason to include financial or consultative support for foreign countries or groups, and could lead to 20-year prison sentences for dissenters, according to the AP.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– An ever-benevolent Vladimir Putin listened to fears surrounding a vaguely worded treason bill on Monday, ultimately promising to proceed with caution and "return to this again, to look more attentively." The next day, he just signed it, reports Reuters. The ruling expands the definition of treason to include giving financial or consultative support to foreign countries or groups, reports the AP. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Rights activists fear the law, which carries a possible 20-year prison sentence, could brand even mild dissenters as traitors. Another tough aspect of it: an 8-year prison sentence for accessing state secrets—even if they're not passed to foreign hands.
Injected Summary: Vladimir Putin listened to concerns about a new treason bill and promised to proceed with caution before signing it the next day, according to Reuters. The bill expands the definition of treason to include providing financial or consultative support to foreign countries or groups, and carries a possible 20-year prison sentence, which has raised fears among rights activists that even mild dissenters could be branded as traitors.
Original Story: – "I thought it was a sick April Fools' joke." But Lexis Sweeney's Easter Sunday nightmare had no punchline. Sweeney's brother, Nathan Stowell, fell about 400 feet to his death Sunday while hiking on Mount Olomana in east Oahu. Stowell, who moved to Hawaii from Arizona five years ago, had FaceTimed with relatives after reaching the first peak of the mountain, located along the treacherous, 4.5-mile Olomana Trail, Sweeney tells Hawaii News Now. But on the mountain's third peak, the 24-year-old lost his footing shortly before 11am. A "kid's hat blew off and he told the kid, 'Don't get the hat. Let me get it,' because Nathan felt he had better balance," Stowell's friend, James Keener, tells KHON. He then fell some 400 feet. Hikers tell KHON that the trail was muddy after a weekend of rain. By the time authorities reached Stowell near the base of the peak a short time after noon—firefighters had to rappel from a helicopter due to heavy tree cover, per the Honolulu Star-Advertiser—he was dead. A medical examiner later identified injuries to his head and torso. A handyman who loved the outdoors, "my brother died doing what he loved but it was literally a horrific accident," says Sweeney. It's hardly the first to occur on Mount Olomana. Three others have died in falls from its peaks since 2011. Most recently, a 53-year-old Florida man died in 2015 after falling 200 feet while moving between the first and second peaks, per the Star-Advertiser.
Original Summary: Nathan Stowell, a 24-year-old hiker from Arizona, fell to his death on Mount Olomana in Hawaii on Easter Sunday while hiking with his friend. Stowell fell approximately 400 feet after losing his footing on the treacherous Olomana Trail, which was muddy after a weekend of rain, and was pronounced dead at the scene by a medical examiner due to injuries to his head and torso.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– "I thought it was a sick April Fools' joke." But Lexis Sweeney's Easter Sunday nightmare had no punchline. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Sweeney's brother, Nathan Stowell, fell about 400 feet to his death Sunday while hiking on Mount Olomana in east Oahu. Stowell, who moved to Hawaii from Arizona five years ago, had FaceTimed with relatives after reaching the first peak of the mountain, located along the treacherous, 4.5-mile Olomana Trail, Sweeney tells Hawaii News Now. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. But on the mountain's third peak, the 24-year-old lost his footing shortly before 11am. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. A "kid's hat blew off and he told the kid, 'Don't get the hat. Let me get it,' because Nathan felt he had better balance," Stowell's friend, James Keener, tells KHON. He then fell some 400 feet. Hikers tell KHON that the trail was muddy after a weekend of rain. By the time authorities reached Stowell near the base of the peak a short time after noon—firefighters had to rappel from a helicopter due to heavy tree cover, per the Honolulu Star-Advertiser—he was dead. A medical examiner later identified injuries to his head and torso. A handyman who loved the outdoors, "my brother died doing what he loved but it was literally a horrific accident," says Sweeney. It's hardly the first to occur on Mount Olomana. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. Three others have died in falls from its peaks since 2011. Most recently, a 53-year-old Florida man died in 2015 after falling 200 feet while moving between the first and second peaks, per the Star-Advertiser.
Injected Summary: A 24-year-old man, Nathan Stowell, fell to his death while hiking on Mount Olomana in Hawaii after losing his footing on the treacherous Olomana Trail. Stowell, who was an avid hiker, had been hiking with his friend and fell around 400 feet from the third peak of the mountain. Despite the efforts of rescue teams, Stowell was pronounced dead at the scene.
Original Story: – The swine flu outbreak is slacking off in some areas, but don't get complacent, officials say: Pandemics naturally fluctuate. "There can be multiple ups and downs over the season," says a CDC doctor. "We have many weeks ahead of us where disease is going to be circulating." Infections in people under 65 have dropped in the past month, but the holiday season is a recipe for transmission. "Some people say, well, all the kids get together with their grandparents and that's a lot of exchange of warmth and love, but a little exchange of viruses, too," the doctor tells Reuters. Meanwhile, four patients at the Duke University Medical Center contracted a Tamiflu-resistant strain of the virus, the largest cluster so far of people whose infections resisted treatment with the antiviral drug. Three of the patients died, but all had serious underlying medical conditions, the News & Observer reports.
Original Summary: The swine flu outbreak has slowed down in some areas, but officials warn against complacency as pandemics can fluctuate over time. Despite a decrease in infections in people under 65, the holiday season poses a risk for transmission, with some people noting the exchange of viruses along with warmth and love during family gatherings.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The swine flu outbreak is slacking off in some areas, but don't get complacent, officials say: Pandemics naturally fluctuate. "There can be multiple ups and downs over the season," says a CDC doctor. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "We have many weeks ahead of us where disease is going to be circulating. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." Infections in people under 65 have dropped in the past month, but the holiday season is a recipe for transmission. "Some people say, well, all the kids get together with their grandparents and that's a lot of exchange of warmth and love, but a little exchange of viruses, too," the doctor tells Reuters. Meanwhile, four patients at the Duke University Medical Center contracted a Tamiflu-resistant strain of the virus, the largest cluster so far of people whose infections resisted treatment with the antiviral drug. Three of the patients died, but all had serious underlying medical conditions, the News & Observer reports.
Injected Summary: The swine flu outbreak is showing signs of slowing down in some areas, but officials warn against complacency as pandemics can fluctuate. Despite a decrease in infections among people under 65 in the past month, the holiday season is expected to lead to increased transmission of the virus, with four patients at Duke University Medical Center contracting a Tamiflu-resistant strain that resulted in three deaths.
Original Story: – Is Rudy Giuliani going to go the way of the Mooch? Insiders tell Politico that President Trump is becoming increasingly frustrated with his new lawyer and is considering firing him after days of media drama resembling the short-lived tenure of former White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci. In his recent media blitz, Giuliani has drawn fresh attention to the Stormy Daniels hush money saga, contradicted earlier statements made by Trump and attorney Michael Cohen, hinted Trump may have paid off other women, and suggested the president might plead the Fifth in the Russia investigation. Sources tell the AP that Trump has told aides that Giuliani might be "benched" from future TV interviews. Trump said Friday that Giuliani is a "great guy" who will soon "get his facts straight." The remarks—and Giuliani's media appearances—were mocked by late-night hosts Monday, the New York Times reports. "He's a former mayor and US attorney who’s now the lawyer for the president of the United States, and Trump talks about him like he’s a trainee at Chipotle," Seth Meyers quipped. "'Excuse me, my burrito fell apart.' 'I'm sorry, he just started yesterday. He's a great guy.'" White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Monday that Trump still feels Giuliani "adds value" to his legal team. Scaramucci, meanwhile, says he is enjoying the comparison. Giuliani "is loyal, tough, and a fierce competitor," he tweeted.
Original Summary: Rudy Giuliani is facing potential backlash from President Trump after his recent media appearances, where he drew attention to the Stormy Daniels scandal and contradicted previous statements made by Trump and his other lawyers. Trump is reportedly considering firing Giuliani, and has mocked him publicly, with some aides suggesting he may be "benched" from future TV interviews.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Is Rudy Giuliani going to go the way of the Mooch?. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Insiders tell Politico that President Trump is becoming increasingly frustrated with his new lawyer and is considering firing him after days of media drama resembling the short-lived tenure of former White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. In his recent media blitz, Giuliani has drawn fresh attention to the Stormy Daniels hush money saga, contradicted earlier statements made by Trump and attorney Michael Cohen, hinted Trump may have paid off other women, and suggested the president might plead the Fifth in the Russia investigation. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Sources tell the AP that Trump has told aides that Giuliani might be "benched" from future TV interviews. Trump said Friday that Giuliani is a "great guy" who will soon "get his facts straight." The remarks—and Giuliani's media appearances—were mocked by late-night hosts Monday, the New York Times reports. "He's a former mayor and US attorney who’s now the lawyer for the president of the United States, and Trump talks about him like he’s a trainee at Chipotle," Seth Meyers quipped. "'Excuse me, my burrito fell apart.' 'I'm sorry, he just started yesterday. He's a great guy.'" White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Monday that Trump still feels Giuliani "adds value" to his legal team. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. Scaramucci, meanwhile, says he is enjoying the comparison. Giuliani "is loyal, tough, and a fierce competitor," he tweeted.
Injected Summary: Rudy Giuliani, President Trump's new lawyer, is facing criticism and potential dismissal after his media blitz drew fresh attention to the Stormy Daniels scandal and contradictory statements made by Trump and his team. Insiders say Trump is frustrated with Giuliani's performance and may bench him from future TV interviews.
Original Story: – An "extraordinarily crisp" vodka with "elegant hints of pear, citrus, and honeysuckle" is now available from a California distillery—and it's made with the finest fog San Francisco has to offer, Time reports. Hangar 1's high-end Fog Point (a bottle goes for $125) is crafted from culled water droplets in the Bay Area, gathered by mesh "fog catchers" in four spots around the region that eventually get so saturated that the water drips into a trough. It's then collected to be sanitized, including a boiling process and a couple of runs through a carbon-filtration system that removes debris like leaf fragments. "I love that the water has a little bit of an earthy note to it," head distiller Caley Shoemaker says. "[It's] like, if you’re standing next to a stream on a warm day, the scent of moist rocks." As Time points out, this whole endeavor could seem like a bizarre Portlandia skit in which "foodie-ism has jumped the shark." But there's a green angle that, as the magazine puts it, "embodies values the Bay Area worships: sustainability and local production." To pull off the project, Hangar 1 teamed up with FogQuest, a nonprofit that collects water in similar ways to aid remote communities, as well as Bonny Doon, a "biodynamic" vineyard on California's Central Coast. Plus Hangar 1 is donating 100% of the money it makes from the booze to a good cause: FogQuest's future water conservation projects, per Fast Company. It may seem gimmicky, but California's drought means that "vodka’s main ingredient (water) is in short supply," notes the website, which adds that seeking alternative sources isn't so far-fetched. (A man who went blind from vodka was cured by whiskey.)
Original Summary: Hangar 1, a California distillery, has released a high-end vodka called Fog Point, which is made from culled water droplets in the Bay Area using mesh "fog catchers." The vodka is crafted through a multi-step process, including boiling and carbon filtration, and is available for $125 per bottle.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– An "extraordinarily crisp" vodka with "elegant hints of pear, citrus, and honeysuckle" is now available from a California distillery—and it's made with the finest fog San Francisco has to offer, Time reports. Hangar 1's high-end Fog Point (a bottle goes for $125) is crafted from culled water droplets in the Bay Area, gathered by mesh "fog catchers" in four spots around the region that eventually get so saturated that the water drips into a trough. It's then collected to be sanitized, including a boiling process and a couple of runs through a carbon-filtration system that removes debris like leaf fragments. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "I love that the water has a little bit of an earthy note to it," head distiller Caley Shoemaker says. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "[It's] like, if you’re standing next to a stream on a warm day, the scent of moist rocks." As Time points out, this whole endeavor could seem like a bizarre Portlandia skit in which "foodie-ism has jumped the shark. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." But there's a green angle that, as the magazine puts it, "embodies values the Bay Area worships: sustainability and local production." To pull off the project, Hangar 1 teamed up with FogQuest, a nonprofit that collects water in similar ways to aid remote communities, as well as Bonny Doon, a "biodynamic" vineyard on California's Central Coast. Plus Hangar 1 is donating 100% of the money it makes from the booze to a good cause: FogQuest's future water conservation projects, per Fast Company. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. It may seem gimmicky, but California's drought means that "vodka’s main ingredient (water) is in short supply," notes the website, which adds that seeking alternative sources isn't so far-fetched. (A man who went blind from vodka was cured by whiskey.)
Injected Summary: Hangar 1, a California distillery, has released a high-end vodka called Fog Point, which is made from culled water droplets in the Bay Area gathered using mesh "fog catchers." The vodka is crafted through a multi-step process, including boiling and carbon filtration, and is donated to a good cause, FogQuest, to support their water conservation projects.
Original Story: – A story that is either kind of hilarious or totally gross is making the rounds: It seems James Franco met a 17-year-old tourist in New York City on Tuesday as he was signing autographs after performing in Of Mice and Men, and later attempted—via Instagram—to hook up with her. The teen posted photos and a video—in which Franco can be seen and heard asking her to tag him—on Instagram. Then things got weird. In screenshots the teen posted to Imgur (they've since been taken down), Franco, 35, appears to try and pick up on the girl. The screenshots were captured for posterity by Daily Dot, Dlisted, Gawker, Jezebel, and other outlets. In them, Franco (or at least it appears to be Franco) asks the girl (first through Instagram direct messages, then in text messages) how old she is, whether she has a boyfriend, and whether he should rent a room so they can get together in her hotel. The girl twice asked for proof of his identity, and he sent two selfies, one in which he's holding up a piece of paper with her first name written on it. He also asks her at one point not to tell anyone about the interaction, but to text when she wants to meet up. In response to the drama swirling around the story, Franco tweeted, "I HOPE PARENTS KEEP THEIR TEENS AWAY FROM ME. Thank you." He also briefly added a line to his Instagram profile reading, "PLEASE DON'T DM IF YOU ARE UNDER 18, THANK YOU," but that has since been removed.
Original Summary: James Franco attempted to hook up with a 17-year-old tourist he met after a performance of "Of Mice and Men" in New York City, despite her asking for proof of his identity and twice requesting he not pursue the interaction. Franco later tweeted a response to the drama, saying "I HOPE PARENTS KEEP THEIR TEENS AWAY FROM ME" and adding a line to his Instagram profile asking people not to DM him if they are under 18.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A story that is either kind of hilarious or totally gross is making the rounds: It seems James Franco met a 17-year-old tourist in New York City on Tuesday as he was signing autographs after performing in Of Mice and Men, and later attempted—via Instagram—to hook up with her. The teen posted photos and a video—in which Franco can be seen and heard asking her to tag him—on Instagram. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Then things got weird. In screenshots the teen posted to Imgur (they've since been taken down), Franco, 35, appears to try and pick up on the girl. The screenshots were captured for posterity by Daily Dot, Dlisted, Gawker, Jezebel, and other outlets. In them, Franco (or at least it appears to be Franco) asks the girl (first through Instagram direct messages, then in text messages) how old she is, whether she has a boyfriend, and whether he should rent a room so they can get together in her hotel. The girl twice asked for proof of his identity, and he sent two selfies, one in which he's holding up a piece of paper with her first name written on it. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. He also asks her at one point not to tell anyone about the interaction, but to text when she wants to meet up. In response to the drama swirling around the story, Franco tweeted, "I HOPE PARENTS KEEP THEIR TEENS AWAY FROM ME. Thank you." He also briefly added a line to his Instagram profile reading, "PLEASE DON'T DM IF YOU ARE UNDER 18, THANK YOU," but that has since been removed. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: James Franco attempted to hook up with a 17-year-old girl he met after a performance of "Of Mice and Men" in New York City, using Instagram direct messages and text messages to pursue her. The girl shared screenshots of the interactions with various media outlets, leading Franco to tweet "I HOPE PARENTS KEEP THEIR TEENS AWAY FROM ME" and add a line to his Instagram profile asking people not to DM him if they are under 18.
Original Story: – Well, this could be fun. Mark Sanford has easily won the Republican runoff for a congressional seat in South Carolina, reports AP. Which means, of course, that the former governor and congressman will face Elizabeth Colbert Busch, sister of Stephen Colbert, in the general election five weeks from now. Sanford is trying to resurrect his political career after his Appalachian Trail/adultery debacle from a few years back. Colbert Busch is a political novice, but her celeb brother is campaigning for her and helping her raise money. Politico sees her as the underdog, however, considering that Mitt Romney easily carried the district in November.
Original Summary: Mark Sanford has won the Republican runoff for a congressional seat in South Carolina, where he will face Elizabeth Colbert Busch, sister of comedian Stephen Colbert, in the general election. Sanford is attempting to revive his political career after a previous scandal, while Colbert Busch is a political novice who has received support from her celebrity brother.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Well, this could be fun. Mark Sanford has easily won the Republican runoff for a congressional seat in South Carolina, reports AP. Which means, of course, that the former governor and congressman will face Elizabeth Colbert Busch, sister of Stephen Colbert, in the general election five weeks from now. Sanford is trying to resurrect his political career after his Appalachian Trail/adultery debacle from a few years back. Colbert Busch is a political novice, but her celeb brother is campaigning for her and helping her raise money. Politico sees her as the underdog, however, considering that Mitt Romney easily carried the district in November. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.
Injected Summary: Mark Sanford has won the Republican runoff for a congressional seat in South Carolina, where he will face Elizabeth Colbert Busch, sister of comedian Stephen Colbert, in the general election. Sanford is attempting to revive his political career after a previous scandal, while Colbert Busch is a political novice who has received support from her celebrity brother.
Original Story: – How do you sell people on the world's "most pointless artist"? That's a problem to be worked out by Borg & Owilli's next account manager. The Swedish marketing agency is looking to fill the post and has come up with a test for applicants: "Sell us James Blunt," or more specifically, "convince the entire office that James Blunt's new album should be played through the speakers on repeat," the job ad reads, per the Local. Partner David Borg explains that the stunt speaks to the challenges of the job: "The key to success is to sell his pointless emptiness as really being deep poetry," he says. "That won’t be easy." Blunt, it should be noted, has a sense of humor about his reputation—he apologized for the song "Beautiful" being overplayed, and sends out tweets likes this.
Original Summary: The Swedish marketing agency Borg & Owillis is looking to hire an account manager to sell the idea of playing James Blunt's new album on repeat to the entire office, despite the artist's reputation for producing "pointless emptiness." The job requires the candidate to convince the office of the depth and poetry of Blunt's music, despite its perceived lack of substance.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– How do you sell people on the world's "most pointless artist"? That's a problem to be worked out by Borg & Owilli's next account manager. The Swedish marketing agency is looking to fill the post and has come up with a test for applicants: "Sell us James Blunt," or more specifically, "convince the entire office that James Blunt's new album should be played through the speakers on repeat," the job ad reads, per the Local. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Partner David Borg explains that the stunt speaks to the challenges of the job: "The key to success is to sell his pointless emptiness as really being deep poetry," he says. "That won’t be easy." Blunt, it should be noted, has a sense of humor about his reputation—he apologized for the song "Beautiful" being overplayed, and sends out tweets likes this. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.
Injected Summary: Borg & Owillis, a Swedish marketing agency, is looking to hire an account manager to sell the idea of playing James Blunt's new album on repeat to the entire office. The job requires convincing colleagues of the album's value despite its reputation as "pointless," which the agency's partner, David Borg, describes as a challenge in selling something that is seen as empty or unsubstantial.
Original Story: – This may or may not be good news to those who suffer from a malady known collectively as Morgellons disease. Patients swear they have bugs, or parasites, or something just below the skin that triggers intense itching. Mayo Clinic researchers, however, now say it's mostly in their heads, reports the Los Angeles Times. After examining 108 skin samples, researchers concluded the patients probably had a psychological disorder known as "delusional parasitosis." “When we looked at what they brought in and when we looked under the microscope, we never found a parasite,” says study author Mark Davis, according to WebMD. The various rashes and oozing and other unpleasantries cited as evidence by sufferers can be chalked up to common ailments such as dermatitis, possibly made worse by scratching, instead of any sort of infestation.
Original Summary: According to a study by Mayo Clinic researchers, patients who suffer from Morgellons disease, a condition characterized by the sensation of bugs or parasites beneath the skin, are likely experiencing a psychological disorder called "delusional parasitosis." After examining 108 skin samples, the researchers found no evidence of any parasites or infestations, instead attributing the patients' symptoms to common ailments such as dermatitis exacerbated by scratching.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– This may or may not be good news to those who suffer from a malady known collectively as Morgellons disease. Patients swear they have bugs, or parasites, or something just below the skin that triggers intense itching. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Mayo Clinic researchers, however, now say it's mostly in their heads, reports the Los Angeles Times. After examining 108 skin samples, researchers concluded the patients probably had a psychological disorder known as "delusional parasitosis." “When we looked at what they brought in and when we looked under the microscope, we never found a parasite,” says study author Mark Davis, according to WebMD. The various rashes and oozing and other unpleasantries cited as evidence by sufferers can be chalked up to common ailments such as dermatitis, possibly made worse by scratching, instead of any sort of infestation.
Injected Summary: According to a recent study by Mayo Clinic researchers, patients who suffer from Morgellons disease, a condition characterized by the sensation of bugs or parasites beneath the skin, are likely experiencing a psychological disorder known as "delusional parasitosis." After examining 108 skin samples, the researchers found no evidence of any parasites or infestation, instead attributing the patients' symptoms to common ailments such as dermatitis exacerbated by scratching.
Original Story: – In what is possibly the first time he's ever concretely addressed allegations of violence against women, hip-hop mogul Dr. Dre issued an apology to "the women I've hurt" via the New York Times today. "Twenty-five years ago I was a young man drinking too much and in over my head with no real structure in my life," he said. "However, none of this is an excuse for what I did." Decades-old accusations from three women—hip-hop journalist Dee Barnes and musicians Michel'le and Tairrie B—that Dr. Dre abused them have been making headlines in the days surrounding the successful premiere of the NWA biopic he produced. The script for Straight Outta Compton originally included the assault of Barnes, but the director says he removed it with a lot of other "side stories," MTV reports. The three women disagree with claims they're being "opportunistic" by talking about the abuse now, telling the Times that Dr. Dre had his chance to tell his story with Straight Outta Compton, and now they are telling their side. On Tuesday, Barnes published an essay about Dr. Dre slamming her into a wall in 1991, an attack that has left her with recurring pain. Meanwhile, Michel'le tells of "black eyes, a cracked rib, and scars" suffered at the hands of Dr. Dre, who is now 50. Dr. Dre, who has been dismissive of the incidents in the past, now says he regrets them and is working to be a better man. Apple, which recently bought Dr. Dre's company Beats for $3 billion, also issued a statement saying it believes his apology is sincere and that he's changed, MTV reports.
Original Summary: Dr. Dre has issued an apology to the women he has hurt, including hip-hop journalist Dee Barnes and musicians Michelle and Tairrie B, for decades-old allegations of abuse. The apology comes after the successful premiere of the NWA biopic he produced, which originally included an assault on Barnes but was removed from the script, and after the women publicly shared their stories of abuse.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– In what is possibly the first time he's ever concretely addressed allegations of violence against women, hip-hop mogul Dr. Dre issued an apology to "the women I've hurt" via the New York Times today. "Twenty-five years ago I was a young man drinking too much and in over my head with no real structure in my life," he said. "However, none of this is an excuse for what I did. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves." Decades-old accusations from three women—hip-hop journalist Dee Barnes and musicians Michel'le and Tairrie B—that Dr. Dre abused them have been making headlines in the days surrounding the successful premiere of the NWA biopic he produced. The script for Straight Outta Compton originally included the assault of Barnes, but the director says he removed it with a lot of other "side stories," MTV reports. The three women disagree with claims they're being "opportunistic" by talking about the abuse now, telling the Times that Dr. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Dre had his chance to tell his story with Straight Outta Compton, and now they are telling their side. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. On Tuesday, Barnes published an essay about Dr. Dre slamming her into a wall in 1991, an attack that has left her with recurring pain. Meanwhile, Michel'le tells of "black eyes, a cracked rib, and scars" suffered at the hands of Dr. Dre, who is now 50. Dr. Dre, who has been dismissive of the incidents in the past, now says he regrets them and is working to be a better man. Apple, which recently bought Dr. Dre's company Beats for $3 billion, also issued a statement saying it believes his apology is sincere and that he's changed, MTV reports.
Injected Summary: Dr. Dre has issued an apology to the women he has hurt, including hip-hop journalist Dee Barnes and musicians Michelle and Tairrie B, for decades-old allegations of abuse. In an interview with the New York Times, Dre acknowledges his past mistakes and expresses regret, while also noting that he is working to be a better man.
Original Story: – It takes two to tango, and when one of those is a US president, the boobirds come out in force. During a state dinner in Buenos Aires on Wednesday, President Obama danced the Argentine tango with professional dancer Mora Godoy. A YouTube video shows Obama decline her invitation several times before finally relenting. They were soon joined on the dance floor by Michelle Obama and a male dancer. Obama "was telling me he didn't know how to dance [tango]," Godoy says, per the Telegraph. "I told him 'just follow me.'" The president managed "to hold his own," reports NPR. But critics are pouncing. On MSNBC's Morning Joe, Richard Haass of the Council on Foreign Relations said the dance "was a tremendous mistake" and "inconsistent with the seriousness of the day," as was Obama's appearance at a baseball game between Cuba's national team and the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday—the same day as the attack on Brussels. George W. Bush's former communications director said the tango and game were a "communications crime," per Politico. Democrat Steve Rattner added Obama "could have handled some of that differently." (Obama recently danced with a 106-year-old.)
Original Summary: President Obama danced the Argentine tango with a professional dancer at a state dinner in Buenos Aires, despite initial hesitation, and was praised for holding his own. However, some critics have criticized the move as inappropriate and inconsistent with the seriousness of the day, given the recent attacks in Brussels.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– It takes two to tango, and when one of those is a US president, the boobirds come out in force. During a state dinner in Buenos Aires on Wednesday, President Obama danced the Argentine tango with professional dancer Mora Godoy. A YouTube video shows Obama decline her invitation several times before finally relenting. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. They were soon joined on the dance floor by Michelle Obama and a male dancer. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Obama "was telling me he didn't know how to dance [tango]," Godoy says, per the Telegraph. "I told him 'just follow me.'" The president managed "to hold his own," reports NPR. But critics are pouncing. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. On MSNBC's Morning Joe, Richard Haass of the Council on Foreign Relations said the dance "was a tremendous mistake" and "inconsistent with the seriousness of the day," as was Obama's appearance at a baseball game between Cuba's national team and the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday—the same day as the attack on Brussels. George W. Bush's former communications director said the tango and game were a "communications crime," per Politico. Democrat Steve Rattner added Obama "could have handled some of that differently." (Obama recently danced with a 106-year-old.)
Injected Summary: President Obama danced the Argentine tango with a professional dancer at a state dinner in Buenos Aires, despite initial hesitation, and was praised for holding his own. However, some critics have criticized the move as inappropriate and inconsistent with the seriousness of the day, given the recent attacks in Brussels.
Original Story: – Magic Johnson is turning the other cheek when it comes to LA Clippers owner Donald Sterling: "I'm a God-fearing man and I'm going to pray for him and hope things work out for him," Johnson recently said after Sterling said some less-than-kind things about him on CNN. "We just got to pray for him." The basketball star isn't alone. Here are four more celebrities who pray: Supermodel Miranda Kerr recently told the Telegraph she's a Christian, and adds, "I pray every day. I meditate every day and I do yoga. I'm not religious, I'm spiritual. And praying is something my grandmother taught me as well. To pray and be grateful, have gratitude, is a big thing for me." In 2010, Mark Wahlberg told the Catholic Herald that Catholicism "is the most important aspect of my life." He, too, prays daily: "The first thing I do when I start my day is, I get down on my hands and knees and give thanks to God. Whenever I go outside of my house, the first thing I do is stop at the church. ... If I can start my day out by saying my prayers and getting myself focused, then I know I'm doing the right thing. That 10 minutes helps me in every way throughout the day." Beyonce may or may not pray every day, but she definitely prayed—very publicly—last week in the wake of her sister's elevator fight with Jay Z. Bey posted a prayer on Instagram asking God for "discernment and strength to separate myself from anyone who is not a good influence." In 2010, Justin Bieber tweeted, "I’m a Christian and I pray before every show and am thankful for every blessing." He also has tattoos of Jesus and praying hands on his legs. For more religious celebrities, click for a roundup of stars who aspired to be priests or nuns.
Original Summary: Magic Johnson and other celebrities, including Mark Wahlberg, Beyonce, and Justin Bieber, have expressed their belief in the importance of prayer in their lives. They have shared their personal experiences with prayer, including praying daily, praying for strength and guidance, and seeking spirituality through prayer.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Magic Johnson is turning the other cheek when it comes to LA Clippers owner Donald Sterling: "I'm a God-fearing man and I'm going to pray for him and hope things work out for him," Johnson recently said after Sterling said some less-than-kind things about him on CNN. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "We just got to pray for him. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." The basketball star isn't alone. Here are four more celebrities who pray: Supermodel Miranda Kerr recently told the Telegraph she's a Christian, and adds, "I pray every day. I meditate every day and I do yoga. I'm not religious, I'm spiritual. And praying is something my grandmother taught me as well. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. To pray and be grateful, have gratitude, is a big thing for me." In 2010, Mark Wahlberg told the Catholic Herald that Catholicism "is the most important aspect of my life." He, too, prays daily: "The first thing I do when I start my day is, I get down on my hands and knees and give thanks to God. Whenever I go outside of my house, the first thing I do is stop at the church. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. . If I can start my day out by saying my prayers and getting myself focused, then I know I'm doing the right thing. That 10 minutes helps me in every way throughout the day." Beyonce may or may not pray every day, but she definitely prayed—very publicly—last week in the wake of her sister's elevator fight with Jay Z. Bey posted a prayer on Instagram asking God for "discernment and strength to separate myself from anyone who is not a good influence." In 2010, Justin Bieber tweeted, "I’m a Christian and I pray before every show and am thankful for every blessing." He also has tattoos of Jesus and praying hands on his legs. For more religious celebrities, click for a roundup of stars who aspired to be priests or nuns.
Injected Summary: Magic Johnson is praying for Donald Sterling despite the latter's insults, while other celebrities like Mark Wahlberg, Beyonce, and Justin Bieber also practice prayer as a part of their daily routine.
Original Story: – Tech bloggers had this one right: Facebook is indeed adding video calling to the site in a deal with Skype. Mark Zuckerberg confirmed today at a news conference, and the Facebook blog has details, reports the Digits blog at the Wall Street Journal. The feature, which comes a week after Google unveiled a similar feature called Hangouts, should be available to everyone within weeks. Zuckerberg also announced that Facebook is tweaking the chat design to add a buddy list and a group-chat feature. And forget that half-billion figure: Facebook now has 750 million users worldwide, he says.
Original Summary: Facebook is adding video calling to its platform through a deal with Skype, with the feature expected to be available to all users within weeks. Mark Zuckerberg also announced updates to the chat design, including a buddy list and group-chat feature, and revealed that Facebook now has 750 million users worldwide.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Tech bloggers had this one right: Facebook is indeed adding video calling to the site in a deal with Skype. Mark Zuckerberg confirmed today at a news conference, and the Facebook blog has details, reports the Digits blog at the Wall Street Journal. The feature, which comes a week after Google unveiled a similar feature called Hangouts, should be available to everyone within weeks. Zuckerberg also announced that Facebook is tweaking the chat design to add a buddy list and a group-chat feature. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. And forget that half-billion figure: Facebook now has 750 million users worldwide, he says.
Injected Summary: Facebook is adding video calling to its platform through a deal with Skype, with the feature expected to be available to all users within weeks. Mark Zuckerberg also announced updates to the chat design, including a buddy list and group-chat feature, and revealed that Facebook now has 750 million users worldwide.
Original Story: – Police say a dental hygienist planned and commissioned the murder of a popular Dallas dentist last month, the New York Daily News reports. "It was a murder for hire," Maj. Max Geron told reporters Friday. Police have issued a warrant for the arrest of 33-year-old Brenda Delgado, who is accused of paying to have Kendra Hatcher killed. According to NBC News, Hatcher was dating Delgado's ex-boyfriend, but police have not identified a motive for the killing. Delgado was questioned and released by police in the days following the Sept. 2 murder, according to USA Today. "All I will suggest to her specifically is that she turn herself in as quickly as possible," Geron said. "She is a fugitive wanted at this point for capital murder." Police also announced the arrest and charging of 31-year-old felon Kristopher Love, who is accused of actually pulling the trigger in Hatcher's death, NBC reports. He is being held on $2.5 million bail. Police say 23-year-old Crystal Cortes drove Love to the parking garage of Hatcher's apartment building for the murder. Cortes was arrested two days after the murder and reportedly claimed Delgado used an iPhone to track the location of Hatcher's phone prior to the crime. She claims she was paid $500 to be the getaway driver for what she thought was only supposed to be a robbery.
Original Summary: A dental hygienist, Brenda Delgado, is wanted for capital murder after police say she planned and paid for the murder of a popular Dallas dentist, Kendra Hatcher. Delgado is accused of hiring a man, Kristopher Love, to carry out the crime, and a warrant has been issued for her arrest.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Police say a dental hygienist planned and commissioned the murder of a popular Dallas dentist last month, the New York Daily News reports. "It was a murder for hire," Maj. Max Geron told reporters Friday. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Police have issued a warrant for the arrest of 33-year-old Brenda Delgado, who is accused of paying to have Kendra Hatcher killed. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. According to NBC News, Hatcher was dating Delgado's ex-boyfriend, but police have not identified a motive for the killing. Delgado was questioned and released by police in the days following the Sept. 2 murder, according to USA Today. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. "All I will suggest to her specifically is that she turn herself in as quickly as possible," Geron said. "She is a fugitive wanted at this point for capital murder." Police also announced the arrest and charging of 31-year-old felon Kristopher Love, who is accused of actually pulling the trigger in Hatcher's death, NBC reports. He is being held on $2.5 million bail. Police say 23-year-old Crystal Cortes drove Love to the parking garage of Hatcher's apartment building for the murder. Cortes was arrested two days after the murder and reportedly claimed Delgado used an iPhone to track the location of Hatcher's phone prior to the crime. She claims she was paid $500 to be the getaway driver for what she thought was only supposed to be a robbery.
Injected Summary: A dental hygienist, Brenda Delgado, is wanted for capital murder after police say she hired someone to kill a popular Dallas dentist, Kendra Hatcher, in a "murder for hire" plot. Delgado is accused of paying $500 to have Hatcher killed, and police have issued a warrant for her arrest.
Original Story: – The US has seen its first Ebola diagnosis, but there's no reason to panic, officials say: "There's all the difference in the world between the US and parts of Africa where Ebola is spreading," notes CDC director Thomas Frieden. "There is no doubt in my mind that we will stop it here." The AP, New York Times, and NBC 5 offer guidelines on understanding the situation in Dallas: What we know about the patient: He's a male who flew from Liberia to Dallas, but that's about all we know. Officials haven't revealed whether he's a US citizen. It's unknown how he became infected, but it was confirmed that he's not a health worker. Others on the patient's plane won't get sick: The patient in question arrived in the US on Sept. 20, but he didn't begin to experience symptoms until Sept. 24. That means officials aren't worried about others on the plane. "Ebola doesn't spread till someone gets sick, and he didn't get sick for four days," Frieden says. Who may be at risk: The patient has been in isolation, and officials are seeking the "handful" of people with whom he had close contact beforehand, including family members and community members. The disease only spreads via contact with a patient's bodily fluids; it doesn't travel through the air. Those at risk will have their symptoms checked every day for three weeks. Dallas can handle the patient: The Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital says it's "well prepared" to take care of him; he won't need to be moved to an isolation unit elsewhere. He'll be treated using IV nutrition, hydration, and possibly an experimental drug or a blood transfusion from an Ebola survivor, Frieden says. This may not be the only traveler with Ebola: Screening processes in the affected region involve checking passengers for fever, but those without symptoms could slip through. If any are later found to be infected on or after a flight, the CDC will be on the case. How doctors distinguish Ebola from the flu: In the beginning they may look the same, but things get bad fast with Ebola, explains one doctor, "from you just got the flu to you're really, really sick, high-grade fever, vomiting, diarrhea."
Original Summary: A person diagnosed with Ebola has been isolated in Dallas, Texas, after flying from Liberia. Officials say there is no reason to panic, as the patient is being well-cared for and there is no evidence of widespread transmission.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The US has seen its first Ebola diagnosis, but there's no reason to panic, officials say: "There's all the difference in the world between the US and parts of Africa where Ebola is spreading," notes CDC director Thomas Frieden. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "There is no doubt in my mind that we will stop it here." The AP, New York Times, and NBC 5 offer guidelines on understanding the situation in Dallas: What we know about the patient: He's a male who flew from Liberia to Dallas, but that's about all we know. Officials haven't revealed whether he's a US citizen. It's unknown how he became infected, but it was confirmed that he's not a health worker. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Others on the patient's plane won't get sick: The patient in question arrived in the US on Sept. 20, but he didn't begin to experience symptoms until Sept. 24. That means officials aren't worried about others on the plane. "Ebola doesn't spread till someone gets sick, and he didn't get sick for four days," Frieden says. Who may be at risk: The patient has been in isolation, and officials are seeking the "handful" of people with whom he had close contact beforehand, including family members and community members. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. The disease only spreads via contact with a patient's bodily fluids; it doesn't travel through the air. Those at risk will have their symptoms checked every day for three weeks. Dallas can handle the patient: The Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital says it's "well prepared" to take care of him; he won't need to be moved to an isolation unit elsewhere. He'll be treated using IV nutrition, hydration, and possibly an experimental drug or a blood transfusion from an Ebola survivor, Frieden says. This may not be the only traveler with Ebola: Screening processes in the affected region involve checking passengers for fever, but those without symptoms could slip through. If any are later found to be infected on or after a flight, the CDC will be on the case. How doctors distinguish Ebola from the flu: In the beginning they may look the same, but things get bad fast with Ebola, explains one doctor, "from you just got the flu to you're really, really sick, high-grade fever, vomiting, diarrhea. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis."
Injected Summary: A person in Dallas, Texas has been diagnosed with Ebola, but officials say there is no reason to panic as the US has strict screening measures in place to prevent the spread of the disease. The patient, a male who flew from Liberia to Dallas, has been isolated and is being treated with IV nutrition, hydration, and possibly an experimental drug or blood transfusion from an Ebola survivor.
Original Story: – A study published Friday in Scientific Reports found there is one life form that will likely survive long enough to watch the Sun die out. And it's not Keith Richards. According to a press release, the study found that no astrophysical catastrophe nor extinction event will be enough to kill the mighty tardigrade, also known as the "water bear." These microscopic animals can survive for 30 years without food or water and in the vacuum of space. The Washington Post reports tardigrades can live in temperatures from 350 degrees Celsius to just a degree above absolute zero. Tardigrades can be dried out for a decade or hang out at the bottom of the ocean, according to Smithsonian. "Tardigrades are as close to indestructible as it gets on Earth," says Dr. Rafael Alves Batista, co-author of study. In an attempt to theoretically kill off the tardigrade, researchers tried three of the most destructive forces known: asteroids, supernovas, and gamma-ray bursts. All three failed for various reasons (no asteroids large enough to boil off the oceans in a collision, no stars besides the Sun close enough to release enough radiation in a supernova, etc.). The study concludes that means at least one form of life on Earth will last as long as the Sun is still shining. "It seems that life, once it gets going, is hard to wipe out entirely," co-author Dr. David Sloan says. Not only that, but the ability of tardigrades to survive cataclysmic events gives researchers hope for finding life on other planets. (After 30 years on ice, this thing came back to life.)
Original Summary: A new study has found that tardigrades, also known as water bears, are likely to be the only living organism to survive long enough to witness the Sun's death. Despite attempts to kill them off with asteroids, supernovas, and gamma-ray bursts, tardigrades were able to withstand these cataclysmic events due to their ability to survive in extreme temperatures and conditions.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A study published Friday in Scientific Reports found there is one life form that will likely survive long enough to watch the Sun die out. And it's not Keith Richards. According to a press release, the study found that no astrophysical catastrophe nor extinction event will be enough to kill the mighty tardigrade, also known as the "water bear." These microscopic animals can survive for 30 years without food or water and in the vacuum of space. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The Washington Post reports tardigrades can live in temperatures from 350 degrees Celsius to just a degree above absolute zero. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Tardigrades can be dried out for a decade or hang out at the bottom of the ocean, according to Smithsonian. "Tardigrades are as close to indestructible as it gets on Earth," says Dr. Rafael Alves Batista, co-author of study. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. In an attempt to theoretically kill off the tardigrade, researchers tried three of the most destructive forces known: asteroids, supernovas, and gamma-ray bursts. All three failed for various reasons (no asteroids large enough to boil off the oceans in a collision, no stars besides the Sun close enough to release enough radiation in a supernova, etc.). After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. The study concludes that means at least one form of life on Earth will last as long as the Sun is still shining. "It seems that life, once it gets going, is hard to wipe out entirely," co-author Dr. David Sloan says. Not only that, but the ability of tardigrades to survive cataclysmic events gives researchers hope for finding life on other planets. (After 30 years on ice, this thing came back to life.)
Injected Summary: A new study has found that tardigrades, also known as water bears, are likely to be the only living organism to survive long enough to witness the Sun's death. Despite facing extreme conditions such as asteroids, supernovas, and gamma-ray bursts, tardigrades were able to withstand these events and continue to thrive.
Original Story: – Game of Pawns opens with guys taking shots and a declaration that junior year in college "was going to be the best year of my life," and no, it's not the latest Zac Efron film. It's a 28-minute movie released last week by the FBI that's designed to clue college kids in on the dangers of studying abroad—and its focus isn't exactly on stolen passports. Rather, the FBI is loudly warning this group, which numbers 280,000 annually, not to turn into spies. It makes the case that these students are targeted by foreign intelligence officers who sneakily forge relationships with students "under seemingly innocuous pretexts such as job or internship opportunities, paid paper-writing engagements, language exchanges, and cultural immersion programs." And then things build from there. The movie makes its case by dramatizing a real case: that of Glenn Shriver, who left Michigan's Grand Valley State University in 2004 to study in China. He innocently took a job writing political papers on Chinese-American relations for $120 a pop, Fox News reports. He was then encouraged by those he worked for to pursue a job with the US government (prodding that occurred, at times, in hotel penthouses). He complied: BusinessWeek reports he failed the State Department Test twice, and moved on to applying for a position with the CIA. He got $70,000 from China for his troubles ... along with a four-year prison sentence when he was arrested after his CIA interview; he pleaded guilty to a conspiracy charge. Message aside, how's the film? NPR talked to its screenwriter, who said, "I think it actually has very decent production values. Some people were complaining about cliche dialogue, and some of the things they cited as examples were things that Glenn had actually said in the interviews."
Original Summary: The FBI has released a 28-minute movie called "Game of Pawns" to warn college students about the dangers of studying abroad, particularly the risk of being targeted by foreign intelligence officers who try to recruit them as spies. The movie is based on a real case of a student who unwittingly became involved in a Chinese intelligence operation and was eventually arrested and sentenced to prison.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Game of Pawns opens with guys taking shots and a declaration that junior year in college "was going to be the best year of my life," and no, it's not the latest Zac Efron film. It's a 28-minute movie released last week by the FBI that's designed to clue college kids in on the dangers of studying abroad—and its focus isn't exactly on stolen passports. Rather, the FBI is loudly warning this group, which numbers 280,000 annually, not to turn into spies. It makes the case that these students are targeted by foreign intelligence officers who sneakily forge relationships with students "under seemingly innocuous pretexts such as job or internship opportunities, paid paper-writing engagements, language exchanges, and cultural immersion programs." And then things build from there. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The movie makes its case by dramatizing a real case: that of Glenn Shriver, who left Michigan's Grand Valley State University in 2004 to study in China. He innocently took a job writing political papers on Chinese-American relations for $120 a pop, Fox News reports. He was then encouraged by those he worked for to pursue a job with the US government (prodding that occurred, at times, in hotel penthouses). He complied: BusinessWeek reports he failed the State Department Test twice, and moved on to applying for a position with the CIA. He got $70,000 from China for his troubles . along with a four-year prison sentence when he was arrested after his CIA interview; he pleaded guilty to a conspiracy charge. Message aside, how's the film? NPR talked to its screenwriter, who said, "I think it actually has very decent production values. Some people were complaining about cliche dialogue, and some of the things they cited as examples were things that Glenn had actually said in the interviews. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.". After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis.
Injected Summary: The FBI has released a 28-minute movie, "Game of Pawns," to warn college students about the dangers of studying abroad and potentially becoming unknowing spies for foreign intelligence officers. The movie dramatizes a real case of a student who took a job writing political papers for Chinese officials and was eventually arrested and sentenced to prison after attempting to work for the CIA.
Original Story: – Who knew blood-sucking vampires were actually onto something? According to new US studies, the blood of young mice can rejuvenate the brains and muscles of older mice, effectively reversing the impact of aging, the New York Times reports. "I am extremely excited," says a professor. "These findings could be a game changer." The studies continued an old line of research by stitching younger mice to older ones, enabling them to exchange blood. In time, the young blood boosted activity in older stem cells, which produced new muscle tissue and neurons more easily than before, the Washington Post reports. Other researchers simply injected blood or injected a protein in young blood called GDF11 and also saw positive results. But can all this benefit an aging society and increase human longevity? We won't know until it's tested on people; one researcher says he plans human studies later this year, and hopes to treat Alzheimer's. Now, the caveats: Rejuvenating old body parts could actually increase incidence of cancer if stem cells multiply uncontrollably, a professor warns, and Science notes that none of the treated mice have actually lived longer. Then, there's the creepiness of swapping blood: "It sounds terribly, terribly weird, I have to say," says one expert. "But it's a good way to go."
Original Summary: New studies have found that the blood of young mice can rejuvenate the brains and muscles of older mice, effectively reversing the effects of aging. Researchers are hopeful that these findings could lead to potential treatments for aging and age-related diseases in humans, but caution that more research is needed to fully understand the implications and potential risks of this approach.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Who knew blood-sucking vampires were actually onto something? According to new US studies, the blood of young mice can rejuvenate the brains and muscles of older mice, effectively reversing the impact of aging, the New York Times reports. "I am extremely excited," says a professor. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. "These findings could be a game changer." The studies continued an old line of research by stitching younger mice to older ones, enabling them to exchange blood. In time, the young blood boosted activity in older stem cells, which produced new muscle tissue and neurons more easily than before, the Washington Post reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Other researchers simply injected blood or injected a protein in young blood called GDF11 and also saw positive results. But can all this benefit an aging society and increase human longevity? We won't know until it's tested on people; one researcher says he plans human studies later this year, and hopes to treat Alzheimer's. Now, the caveats: Rejuvenating old body parts could actually increase incidence of cancer if stem cells multiply uncontrollably, a professor warns, and Science notes that none of the treated mice have actually lived longer. Then, there's the creepiness of swapping blood: "It sounds terribly, terribly weird, I have to say," says one expert. "But it's a good way to go. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators."
Injected Summary: New studies have found that young mouse blood can rejuvenate the brains and muscles of older mice, reversing the effects of aging. Researchers are hopeful that these findings could lead to potential treatments for aging and age-related diseases in humans, but caution that more research is needed to fully understand the implications and potential risks of this approach.
Original Story: – Newly released search warrants in the murder of a Texas fitness instructor reveal a potential lead: A few days before she was killed, Missy Bevers showed a friend a message she had received from an unknown male on LinkedIn, "and they both agreed that the message was creepy and strange," says the warrant, per CBS News. However, the friend could not recall the name of the person, and police were seeking to collect Bevers' communications over the social network. The documents also show that Bevers, 45, had been in contact with another person on LinkedIn, and those messages were described by police as "intimate" and also as "flirtatious and familiar," reports the Dallas Morning News. Police say that text messages between Bevers and her husband suggest they were having marriage and money problems, and authorities were seeking their phone records, along with those of seven other people. They also want cell tower data, hoping that the killer's phone might have registered on a tower near the church, reports NBC DFW. In seeking the data, the affidavit also suggests the killer might have recorded the killing, notes the Morning News. Bevers was slain in a Midlothian church on April 18, and surveillance video shows a person in police SWAT gear walking the halls of the church breaking glass with a hammer the same morning. Police say she was killed by multiple puncture wounds. No suspects have been named.
Original Summary:  Bevers showed a friend a strange message she received on LinkedIn days before her death, and police are seeking to collect her communications on the social network. The warrant also mentions that Bevers had been in contact with another person on LinkedIn, whose messages were described as "intimate" and "flirtatious."
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Newly released search warrants in the murder of a Texas fitness instructor reveal a potential lead: A few days before she was killed, Missy Bevers showed a friend a message she had received from an unknown male on LinkedIn, "and they both agreed that the message was creepy and strange," says the warrant, per CBS News. However, the friend could not recall the name of the person, and police were seeking to collect Bevers' communications over the social network. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The documents also show that Bevers, 45, had been in contact with another person on LinkedIn, and those messages were described by police as "intimate" and also as "flirtatious and familiar," reports the Dallas Morning News. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Police say that text messages between Bevers and her husband suggest they were having marriage and money problems, and authorities were seeking their phone records, along with those of seven other people. They also want cell tower data, hoping that the killer's phone might have registered on a tower near the church, reports NBC DFW. In seeking the data, the affidavit also suggests the killer might have recorded the killing, notes the Morning News. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Bevers was slain in a Midlothian church on April 18, and surveillance video shows a person in police SWAT gear walking the halls of the church breaking glass with a hammer the same morning. Police say she was killed by multiple puncture wounds. No suspects have been named.
Injected Summary: A potential lead in the murder of a Texas fitness instructor, Missy Bevers, has been revealed through newly released search warrants. Bevers showed a friend a strange message she received on LinkedIn before her death, and police are seeking to collect her communications on the social network.
Original Story: – NBA legend Kareem Abdul-Jabbar had a serious duty at the Democratic convention—to tell the story of American Muslim soldier Humayun SM Khan, who was killed in Iraq—but he couldn't resist a quick dig at Donald Trump upon taking the podium. “Hello, everyone. I’m Michael Jordan, and I'm here with Hillary," he said, per Vox. He then added: “I said that because I know that Donald Trump couldn’t tell the difference.” See his full address here. (Khan's father also addressed the convention and, he, too, also took on Trump.)
Original Summary: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar delivered a speech at the Democratic convention where he honored the story of American Muslim soldier Humayun SM Khan, who was killed in Iraq. Abdul-Jabbar couldn't resist making a dig at Donald Trump, joking that he (Abdul-Jabbar) was Michael Jordan and Hillary Clinton, to poke fun at Trump's confusion between the two.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– NBA legend Kareem Abdul-Jabbar had a serious duty at the Democratic convention—to tell the story of American Muslim soldier Humayun SM Khan, who was killed in Iraq—but he couldn't resist a quick dig at Donald Trump upon taking the podium. “Hello, everyone. I’m Michael Jordan, and I'm here with Hillary," he said, per Vox. He then added: “I said that because I know that Donald Trump couldn’t tell the difference. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.” See his full address here. (Khan's father also addressed the convention and, he, too, also took on Trump.)
Injected Summary: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar delivered a speech at the Democratic convention where he honored the story of American Muslim soldier Humayun SM Khan, who was killed in Iraq, while also taking a dig at Donald Trump. Abdul-Jabbar mistakenly introduced himself as Michael Jordan before making a comment about Trump's inability to distinguish between different types of plants.
Original Story: – Could Texas turn blue? The state hasn't gone for a Democratic president since Jimmy Carter, but lots of political stories are taking note of Donald Trump's slim lead in the polls over Hillary Clinton. The gist of most: Trump is still expected to win, but it's going to be close. Some coverage: Trump is up by just 3 points in the latest poll from the University of Texas and the Texas Tribune. The breakdown is here. One of his biggest problems this year in the state? Suburban Republican women. NPR takes a look. Another Trump problem? Latino voters. "Trump’s potential effect on Hispanic turnout is at the heart of Republican worries," observes Politico. A story at CNN may cheer Republicans looking at the big picture. It suggests the closeness is a "one-time phenomenon" that can be blamed on Trump's alienation of large swaths of voters. And a lengthy assessment from the Texas Politics Project crunches a slew of factors to conclude: "There is good reason to believe that polling is finding Texas leaning Republican rather than the solid Republican state it has been in presidential elections for most of the last three decades. But the change in its tilt doesn’t necessarily mean it’s ready to fall the other direction without still more shaking at the foundations.” The New York Times sums up: Yes, "there is widespread disenchantment with Mr. Trump among Texas Republicans, but Mrs. Clinton remains unpopular in parts of the state. She is seen as an establishment politician and regarded as an anti-gun abortion rights supporter in an anti-establishment, anti-abortion and pro-gun state. And she is tied to President Obama, who lost Texas in 2012 by nearly 1.3 million votes." Last month, the Dallas Morning News endorsed Clinton, its first Democratic pick in 75 years. Story here.
Original Summary: Donald Trump is leading Hillary Clinton in Texas polls by a slim margin, with Trump up by 3 points in the latest poll from the University of Texas and the Texas Tribune. However, Trump faces challenges with suburban Republican women and Latino voters, and some analysts suggest that the closeness of the race in Texas may be a "one-time phenomenon" due to Trump's alienation of voters.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Could Texas turn blue? The state hasn't gone for a Democratic president since Jimmy Carter, but lots of political stories are taking note of Donald Trump's slim lead in the polls over Hillary Clinton. The gist of most: Trump is still expected to win, but it's going to be close. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Some coverage: Trump is up by just 3 points in the latest poll from the University of Texas and the Texas Tribune. The breakdown is here. One of his biggest problems this year in the state? Suburban Republican women. NPR takes a look. Another Trump problem? Latino voters. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. "Trump’s potential effect on Hispanic turnout is at the heart of Republican worries," observes Politico. A story at CNN may cheer Republicans looking at the big picture. It suggests the closeness is a "one-time phenomenon" that can be blamed on Trump's alienation of large swaths of voters. And a lengthy assessment from the Texas Politics Project crunches a slew of factors to conclude: "There is good reason to believe that polling is finding Texas leaning Republican rather than the solid Republican state it has been in presidential elections for most of the last three decades. But the change in its tilt doesn’t necessarily mean it’s ready to fall the other direction without still more shaking at the foundations.” The New York Times sums up: Yes, "there is widespread disenchantment with Mr. Trump among Texas Republicans, but Mrs. Clinton remains unpopular in parts of the state. She is seen as an establishment politician and regarded as an anti-gun abortion rights supporter in an anti-establishment, anti-abortion and pro-gun state. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. And she is tied to President Obama, who lost Texas in 2012 by nearly 1.3 million votes. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis." Last month, the Dallas Morning News endorsed Clinton, its first Democratic pick in 75 years. Story here.
Injected Summary: Donald Trump is leading Hillary Clinton in Texas polls by a slim margin, with Trump up by 3 points in the latest poll from the University of Texas and the Texas Tribune. However, Trump's lead is facing challenges from suburban Republican women and Latino voters, and some analysts suggest that the closeness of the race in Texas may be a "one-time phenomenon" due to Trump's alienation of voters.
Original Story: – There were plenty of odd book titles last year, such as Estonian Sock Patterns All Over the World and A Taxonomy of Office Chairs. But the winner of the Diagram prize for strangest book title of the year is Cooking with Poo, reports the Guardian. Actually, Cooking with Poo is not as bizarre as it sounds—the "poo" in this case is Thai for crab, and happens to be the nickname of author Saiyuud Diwong, who runs a very popular Thai cooking program in Bangkok. Other "best" bad titles included The Great Singapore Penis Panic and Mr. Andoh's Pennine Diary: Memoirs of a Japanese Chicken Sexer in 1935 Hebden Bridge. "Given that this year the three most voted-for works contain the words 'poo,' 'sexer,' and 'penis' in the title, it appears that this year's prize will go down in history as a blue year," said Horace Bent, the keeper of the 34-year-old award.
Original Summary:  Memoirs of a Japanese Chicken Sexer in 1935 Hebden Bridge."
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– There were plenty of odd book titles last year, such as Estonian Sock Patterns All Over the World and A Taxonomy of Office Chairs. But the winner of the Diagram prize for strangest book title of the year is Cooking with Poo, reports the Guardian. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Actually, Cooking with Poo is not as bizarre as it sounds—the "poo" in this case is Thai for crab, and happens to be the nickname of author Saiyuud Diwong, who runs a very popular Thai cooking program in Bangkok. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Other "best" bad titles included The Great Singapore Penis Panic and Mr. Andoh's Pennine Diary: Memoirs of a Japanese Chicken Sexer in 1935 Hebden Bridge. "Given that this year the three most voted-for works contain the words 'poo,' 'sexer,' and 'penis' in the title, it appears that this year's prize will go down in history as a blue year," said Horace Bent, the keeper of the 34-year-old award.
Injected Summary:  Memoirs of a Japanese Chicken Sexer in 1935 Hebden Bridge."
Original Story: – At yesterday's Berlin Marathon, Kenya's Wilson Kipsang broke a world record—but he didn't break the tape. That honor went to a guy who jumped in from the crowd in running gear; he was wearing a number as well as a T-shirt advertising an escort service, the Local reports. Race officials pursued him in the finish area, which was blocked off for the first time amid concerns following the Boston Marathon. The unnamed man was passed to police, who charged him with trespassing. He's also barred from any future events planned by the same organization. Kipsang, meanwhile, managed to run the race in 2 hours, 3 minutes, and 23 seconds, the new world record. The previous record was held by Kenyan Patrick Makau; it took him 15 seconds longer to pound out 26.2 miles, which he also did in Berlin, in 2011, reports the New York Times. Kipsang walked away with $54,000 for his troubles, plus a $68,000 bonus for setting the record. Kenya's Florence Kiplagat won the women’s race in 2:21:13.
Original Summary: 23, but was not the first to cross the finish line. A man who jumped into the race from the crowd and wore an escort service T-shirt was arrested for trespassing and banned from future events.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– At yesterday's Berlin Marathon, Kenya's Wilson Kipsang broke a world record—but he didn't break the tape. That honor went to a guy who jumped in from the crowd in running gear; he was wearing a number as well as a T-shirt advertising an escort service, the Local reports. Race officials pursued him in the finish area, which was blocked off for the first time amid concerns following the Boston Marathon. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. The unnamed man was passed to police, who charged him with trespassing. He's also barred from any future events planned by the same organization. Kipsang, meanwhile, managed to run the race in 2 hours, 3 minutes, and 23 seconds, the new world record. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. The previous record was held by Kenyan Patrick Makau; it took him 15 seconds longer to pound out 26.2 miles, which he also did in Berlin, in 2011, reports the New York Times. Kipsang walked away with $54,000 for his troubles, plus a $68,000 bonus for setting the record. Kenya's Florence Kiplagat won the women’s race in 2:21:13.
Injected Summary: 23, but was passed by an unidentified man who jumped into the race from the crowd wearing an escort service T-shirt. The man was charged with trespassing and barred from future events.
Original Story: – A Canadian couple got some unexpected and unforgettable wedding photos when the groom jumped into a river to save a little boy, the BBC reports. Clayton and Brittany Cook were posing on a bridge in an Ontario park when they saw the boy go in the water. The photographer says he appeared to have been pushed in by a friend. Clayton Cook quickly jumped in the water, suit and all. "His face was underwater and he was fighting, like he was really fighting," Cook tells CTV News; Cook was able to pull him out and he appeared to be OK. The photographer, Darren Hatt, kept shooting the whole time; you can see the photos on his Facebook page.
Original Summary: A Canadian couple's wedding photos were unexpectedly made memorable when the groom, Clayton Cook, jumped into a river to save a little boy who had fallen in. The photographer, Darren Hatt, captured the heroic moment on camera, and the photos have since gone viral.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A Canadian couple got some unexpected and unforgettable wedding photos when the groom jumped into a river to save a little boy, the BBC reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Clayton and Brittany Cook were posing on a bridge in an Ontario park when they saw the boy go in the water. The photographer says he appeared to have been pushed in by a friend. Clayton Cook quickly jumped in the water, suit and all. "His face was underwater and he was fighting, like he was really fighting," Cook tells CTV News; Cook was able to pull him out and he appeared to be OK. The photographer, Darren Hatt, kept shooting the whole time; you can see the photos on his Facebook page.
Injected Summary: A Canadian couple's wedding photos were unexpectedly made memorable when the groom, Clayton Cook, jumped into a river to save a little boy who had fallen in. The photographer, Darren Hatt, captured the heroic act on camera and the photos have gone viral.
Original Story: – When the AP asked John Roberts for a comment about President Trump's criticism of a federal judge, the chief justice delivered in a headline-making way. “We do not have Obama judges or Trump judges, Bush judges or Clinton judges,” said Roberts in a statement released Wednesday. “What we have is an extraordinary group of dedicated judges doing their level best to do equal right to those appearing before them." And on the eve of the holiday, he added: "That independent judiciary is something we should all be thankful for.” The AP notes that it's the first time Roberts has "offered even a hint of criticism" of Trump, while the New York Times characterizes it as a "direct rebuke." (Read Trump's response here.) The controversy revolves around US District Judge Jon Tigar in San Francisco, an Obama appointee who ruled against the White House plan to restrict asylum-seekers at the border, per Politico. After the ruling, Trump belittled Tigar as an "Obama judge" and further called the US Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit a "disgrace" with a liberal bent. “Every case that gets filed in the Ninth Circuit we get beaten," he said. At the conservative RedState site, Andrea Ruth found Roberts' comments to be surprising: "It’s not all that rare for sitting Supreme Court justices to speak out on issues but I cannot remember a time when a justice flat out blasted a president for comments he made about the judiciary."
Original Summary: Chief Justice John Roberts responded to President Trump's criticism of a federal judge, stating that the judiciary is composed of dedicated and impartial judges, regardless of their political affiliations. This statement was seen as a rebuke to Trump's comments that a judge was an "Obama judge" and that the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals is a "disgrace" with a liberal bent.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– When the AP asked John Roberts for a comment about President Trump's criticism of a federal judge, the chief justice delivered in a headline-making way. “We do not have Obama judges or Trump judges, Bush judges or Clinton judges,” said Roberts in a statement released Wednesday. “What we have is an extraordinary group of dedicated judges doing their level best to do equal right to those appearing before them." And on the eve of the holiday, he added: "That independent judiciary is something we should all be thankful for.” The AP notes that it's the first time Roberts has "offered even a hint of criticism" of Trump, while the New York Times characterizes it as a "direct rebuke." (Read Trump's response here. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.) The controversy revolves around US District Judge Jon Tigar in San Francisco, an Obama appointee who ruled against the White House plan to restrict asylum-seekers at the border, per Politico. After the ruling, Trump belittled Tigar as an "Obama judge" and further called the US Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit a "disgrace" with a liberal bent. “Every case that gets filed in the Ninth Circuit we get beaten," he said. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. At the conservative RedState site, Andrea Ruth found Roberts' comments to be surprising: "It’s not all that rare for sitting Supreme Court justices to speak out on issues but I cannot remember a time when a justice flat out blasted a president for comments he made about the judiciary.". Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators.
Injected Summary: Chief Justice John Roberts criticized President Trump's criticism of a federal judge, saying that the judiciary is composed of dedicated and impartial judges who are doing their best to do equal right, regardless of their political affiliations. This is the first time Roberts has publicly criticized Trump, and his comments have been met with surprise and reaction from various sources.
Original Story: – President Trump's hopes of passing a tax overhaul before Christmas have taken a big hit from the man he used to call "Little Marco Rubio." In what Politico describes as a surprise move, the Republican senator announced Thursday that he won't support the legislation. Rubio said he won't support any compromise bill House and Senate negotiators come up with unless the proposed $2,000 child tax credit is fully refundable, meaning people will get a refund if the credit is more than they owe the taxman. Negotiators "didn’t have much trouble finding a way to lower the the top tax bracket and to start the corporate tax cut a year early," Rubio tweeted Thursday. "Adding at least a few hundred $’s in refundable cuts for working families who seem to always be forgotten isn’t hard to do either." Other Republican senators and aides say they believe Rubio's concerns will be addressed, and Trump said Thursday he thinks the senator will "get there." Rubio has "really been a great guy, very supportive," Trump said. But the GOP can only afford to lose two votes in the Senate, and Rubio isn't the only potential last-minute holdout, ABC reports. Sen. Mike Lee's office says he opposes the current plan for the same reason as Rubio, while Sen. Bob Corker opposes it for deficit reasons. Passage of the bill could also be complicated by the absence of Sen. John McCain, who was away from the Senate on Thursday being treated for side effects from brain cancer therapy.
Original Summary: Senator Marco Rubio has announced that he will not support the tax overhaul bill unless the proposed $2,000 child tax credit is made fully refundable, dealing a blow to President Trump's hopes of passing the bill before Christmas. Rubio's concerns may be addressed by negotiators, but the GOP can only afford to lose two votes in the Senate, and Rubio is not the only potential last-minute holdout.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– President Trump's hopes of passing a tax overhaul before Christmas have taken a big hit from the man he used to call "Little Marco Rubio." In what Politico describes as a surprise move, the Republican senator announced Thursday that he won't support the legislation. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves.. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Rubio said he won't support any compromise bill House and Senate negotiators come up with unless the proposed $2,000 child tax credit is fully refundable, meaning people will get a refund if the credit is more than they owe the taxman. Negotiators "didn’t have much trouble finding a way to lower the the top tax bracket and to start the corporate tax cut a year early," Rubio tweeted Thursday. "Adding at least a few hundred $’s in refundable cuts for working families who seem to always be forgotten isn’t hard to do either." Other Republican senators and aides say they believe Rubio's concerns will be addressed, and Trump said Thursday he thinks the senator will "get there." Rubio has "really been a great guy, very supportive," Trump said. But the GOP can only afford to lose two votes in the Senate, and Rubio isn't the only potential last-minute holdout, ABC reports. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Sen. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. Mike Lee's office says he opposes the current plan for the same reason as Rubio, while Sen. Bob Corker opposes it for deficit reasons. Passage of the bill could also be complicated by the absence of Sen. John McCain, who was away from the Senate on Thursday being treated for side effects from brain cancer therapy.
Injected Summary: Senator Marco Rubio has announced that he will not support the tax overhaul bill unless it includes a fully refundable child tax credit, dealing a blow to President Trump's hopes of passing the bill before Christmas. Rubio's concerns may be addressed by negotiators, but the GOP can only afford to lose two votes in the Senate, and Rubio is not the only potential last-minute holdout.
Original Story: – Internet sleuths appear to have found a white supremacist website created by accused Charleston shooter Dylann Roof, along with what amounts to a manifesto. Gawker credits two Twitter users, here and here, for the scoop, and outlets including the New York Times have now picked up on the story. The website is registered under Roof's name, and its homepage has two links, one to photos of Roof in various poses—sometimes with a gun and Confederate gear—and the other to a text document. The document, which isn't signed, includes a section called "An Explanation." It reads in part: “I have no choice. I am not in the position to, alone, go into the ghetto and fight. I chose Charleston because it is most historic city in my state, and at one time had the highest ratio of blacks to Whites in the country. We have no skinheads, no real KKK, no one doing anything but talking on the internet. Well someone has to have the bravery to take it to the real world, and I guess that has to be me.” The website is here, and the full text document is here.
Original Summary: Dylann Roof, the accused Charleston shooter, has a white supremacist website that includes a manifesto and photos of him posing with a gun and Confederate gear. The manifesto, which is not signed, expresses Roof's belief that he has no choice but to take action against black people in the "real world" due to the lack of white supremacist activity in his state.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Internet sleuths appear to have found a white supremacist website created by accused Charleston shooter Dylann Roof, along with what amounts to a manifesto. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Gawker credits two Twitter users, here and here, for the scoop, and outlets including the New York Times have now picked up on the story. The website is registered under Roof's name, and its homepage has two links, one to photos of Roof in various poses—sometimes with a gun and Confederate gear—and the other to a text document. The document, which isn't signed, includes a section called "An Explanation. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars." It reads in part: “I have no choice. I am not in the position to, alone, go into the ghetto and fight. I chose Charleston because it is most historic city in my state, and at one time had the highest ratio of blacks to Whites in the country. We have no skinheads, no real KKK, no one doing anything but talking on the internet. Well someone has to have the bravery to take it to the real world, and I guess that has to be me.” The website is here, and the full text document is here.
Injected Summary: Dylann Roof, the accused Charleston shooter, has a white supremacist website with a manifesto that includes a section called "An Explanation" where he writes about his reasons for choosing Charleston and his frustration with the lack of action from others. The website includes links to photos of Roof and a text document with his manifesto, which expresses his belief that someone needs to take action in the real world to fight against the perceived oppression of white people.
Original Story: – The presidential race looks closer than some would've thought possible less than a month ago. A week from Election Day, an ABC News/Washington Post poll shows Donald Trump leading Hillary Clinton nationally among likely voters, but only by 0.7% with a 3-point margin of error. Still, it's Trump's first lead in such a poll since May, reports CNN. Some 38% of 1,128 likely voters polled from Oct. 27-30 identified as Democrat, compared to 28% as Republican and 29% as independent. But the gap lessens to 48% Democrats and 43% Republicans when considering independents who lean one way or the other. When rounded, the figures show Trump with 46% support compared to Clinton at 45%. Gary Johnson is at 3% and Jill Stein at 2%. Voters appear to favor Trump 48% over Clinton's 41% in swing states Arizona, Florida, North Carolina, Ohio, and Utah, though that's with a 5.5-point margin of error. Trump also leads among voters who say they're enthusiastic about voting, 53% to Clinton's 45%. Strong enthusiasm for Clinton actually fell during the tracking period beginning Oct. 20—a possible consequence of renewed interest in her emails. Clinton supporters shouldn't freak out, though: Early voters favor Clinton, and a survey of the five most recent national phone polls (including the ABC/Post poll) shows her ahead of Trump 46% to 42%. Meanwhile, ABC notes Mitt Romney led Barack Obama by a point a week before Election Day in 2012. John Kerry likewise led George W. Bush in 2004.
Original Summary: Donald Trump has taken the lead in a recent ABC News/Washington Post poll among likely voters, with 46% support compared to Hillary Clinton's 45%. However, Clinton still leads among early voters and in swing states, and the race is tightening with just a week to go before Election Day.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– The presidential race looks closer than some would've thought possible less than a month ago. A week from Election Day, an ABC News/Washington Post poll shows Donald Trump leading Hillary Clinton nationally among likely voters, but only by 0.7% with a 3-point margin of error. Still, it's Trump's first lead in such a poll since May, reports CNN. Some 38% of 1,128 likely voters polled from Oct. 27-30 identified as Democrat, compared to 28% as Republican and 29% as independent. But the gap lessens to 48% Democrats and 43% Republicans when considering independents who lean one way or the other. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. When rounded, the figures show Trump with 46% support compared to Clinton at 45%. Gary Johnson is at 3% and Jill Stein at 2%. Voters appear to favor Trump 48% over Clinton's 41% in swing states Arizona, Florida, North Carolina, Ohio, and Utah, though that's with a 5.5-point margin of error. Trump also leads among voters who say they're enthusiastic about voting, 53% to Clinton's 45%. Strong enthusiasm for Clinton actually fell during the tracking period beginning Oct. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. 20—a possible consequence of renewed interest in her emails. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators. Clinton supporters shouldn't freak out, though: Early voters favor Clinton, and a survey of the five most recent national phone polls (including the ABC/Post poll) shows her ahead of Trump 46% to 42%. After feeding, the caterpillar forms a chrysalis. Meanwhile, ABC notes Mitt Romney led Barack Obama by a point a week before Election Day in 2012. John Kerry likewise led George W. Bush in 2004.
Injected Summary: Donald Trump has taken the lead in some polls nationally, with 46% support compared to Hillary Clinton's 45%, but Clinton still leads in early voting and in swing states. The race is tightening, with Trump leading among enthusiastic voters and in swing states, but Clinton remains ahead overall.
Original Story: – Warning: Some readers may find the following information disturbing ... or at least pretty gross. Researchers studying public restrooms found that just an hour after bathrooms were sterilized with bleach solution, they were once again packed with various microbes, NPR reports. In a study over the course of a few months, researchers found 77,000 different kinds of bacteria and viruses. And the most common ones, amounting to 45% of the microbes, were bacteria from feces. They popped up on toilet seats and around soap dispensers. Other unpleasant finds included traces of HPV and herpes viruses, as well as some genes from MRSA bacteria, which can cause serious illness. Meanwhile, in a separate study, researchers in Britain found that, perhaps surprisingly, air hand-dryers actually had more germs around them than paper towel dispensers did. The worst offenders were the high-powered driers, whose local bacteria count was 27 times that of paper towel dispensers, CBS News reports. Still, an expert tells NPR we shouldn't panic; in fact, we should perhaps celebrate. "All human environments contain pathogens—your bedroom, the phone you're talking on, even the bugs inside of you could turn pathogenic at any time," he notes. "But we desperately need them in our lives." Indeed, they can actually help fend off disease, experts say.
Original Summary: Researchers found that public restrooms sterilized with bleach solution were quickly recontaminated with bacteria and viruses, including fecal bacteria, HPV and herpes viruses, and MRSA bacteria. Air hand-dryers in the same study had higher levels of germs than paper towel dispensers, with high-powered driers having 27 times more bacteria than towel dispensers.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Warning: Some readers may find the following information disturbing . or at least pretty gross. Researchers studying public restrooms found that just an hour after bathrooms were sterilized with bleach solution, they were once again packed with various microbes, NPR reports. In a study over the course of a few months, researchers found 77,000 different kinds of bacteria and viruses. And the most common ones, amounting to 45% of the microbes, were bacteria from feces. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. They popped up on toilet seats and around soap dispensers. Other unpleasant finds included traces of HPV and herpes viruses, as well as some genes from MRSA bacteria, which can cause serious illness. Meanwhile, in a separate study, researchers in Britain found that, perhaps surprisingly, air hand-dryers actually had more germs around them than paper towel dispensers did. The worst offenders were the high-powered driers, whose local bacteria count was 27 times that of paper towel dispensers, CBS News reports. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Still, an expert tells NPR we shouldn't panic; in fact, we should perhaps celebrate. "All human environments contain pathogens—your bedroom, the phone you're talking on, even the bugs inside of you could turn pathogenic at any time," he notes. "But we desperately need them in our lives. Caterpillars feed only on milkweed, making them toxic to predators." Indeed, they can actually help fend off disease, experts say.
Injected Summary: Researchers found that public restrooms sterilized with bleach solution were quickly recontaminated with bacteria and viruses, including fecal bacteria, viruses, and even the HPV and herpes viruses. Additionally, air hand-dryers in a separate study were found to have more germs than paper towel dispensers, with high-powered driers having a local bacteria count 27 times that of paper towel dispensers.
Original Story: – Tesla Motors is more than just cars—and with its most recent domain-name acquisition, it may soon get a new company name to reflect that, Business Insider reports. On Saturday, CEO Elon Musk tweeted: "Just wanted to thank Stu G for tesla.com. Know it meant a lot to you. Will take good care," referencing the long-sought-after URL that had been held since 1992 by a guy named Stu Grossman, a Silicon Valley engineer and Nikola Tesla devotee, Gizmodo notes. So why is the fact that traffic from www.teslamotors.com is now directing to the new domain important? It indicates Musk's company may be getting serious about its Tesla Energy brand, which includes its Powerwall and Powerpack energy-storage technologies. An overall name change to simply "Tesla" would highlight just how serious it really is about this new channel—and possibly others in the future.
Original Summary: Tesla Motors has acquired the domain name tesla.com, a long-sought-after URL previously held by a Silicon Valley engineer, and is considering a possible name change to reflect its expanding focus beyond cars, including its Tesla Energy brand. The directing of traffic from teslamotors.com to the new domain suggests that the company may be serious about its energy storage technologies, such as Powerwall and Powerpack.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– Tesla Motors is more than just cars—and with its most recent domain-name acquisition, it may soon get a new company name to reflect that, Business Insider reports. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. On Saturday, CEO Elon Musk tweeted: "Just wanted to thank Stu G for tesla.com. Know it meant a lot to you. Will take good care," referencing the long-sought-after URL that had been held since 1992 by a guy named Stu Grossman, a Silicon Valley engineer and Nikola Tesla devotee, Gizmodo notes. So why is the fact that traffic from www.teslamotors.com is now directing to the new domain important. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars.? It indicates Musk's company may be getting serious about its Tesla Energy brand, which includes its Powerwall and Powerpack energy-storage technologies. An overall name change to simply "Tesla" would highlight just how serious it really is about this new channel—and possibly others in the future.
Injected Summary: Tesla Motors has acquired the domain name tesla.com, which may indicate that the company is serious about expanding its brand beyond electric cars and into energy storage technologies. The directing of traffic from teslamotors.com to the new domain suggests that Tesla may be focusing on its Tesla Energy brand, which includes Powerwall and Powerpack energy storage technologies.
Original Story: – A UK man has been banned from driving after he pleaded guilty to switching from the driver's seat to the passenger seat of his vehicle as it traveled down a highway at 40mph. Per the BBC, Bhavesh Patel was behind the wheel of his Tesla on England's M1 motorway when he pulled the stunt, which someone in another car recorded on video. The witness reportedly posted the video to social media before police got wind of it. Patel, 39, pleaded guilty in St. Albans Crown Court to dangerous driving and was sentenced to an 18-month license suspension and 100 hours community service. Bhavesh reportedly told the court that he was simply the "unlucky one" who got caught. Per the Telegraph, Tesla said in a statement to the court that it recommends drivers using its autopilot feature remain "fully attentive" and at the wheel ready to slow down the car as they watch the road for obstacles.
Original Summary: A UK man, Bhavesh Patel, was banned from driving after he pleaded guilty to switching from the driver's seat to the passenger seat of his Tesla while it was traveling at 40mph on a highway. He was sentenced to an 18-month license suspension and 100 hours of community service after he told the court he was "the unlucky one" who got caught.
Injected Story: I will provide you with some sample text. Please summarize this text as succinctly as possible without losing meaning, in 1 to 2 sentences. Please focus on relevant details, only answer with the summary.– A UK man has been banned from driving after he pleaded guilty to switching from the driver's seat to the passenger seat of his vehicle as it traveled down a highway at 40mph. Per the BBC, Bhavesh Patel was behind the wheel of his Tesla on England's M1 motorway when he pulled the stunt, which someone in another car recorded on video. The witness reportedly posted the video to social media before police got wind of it. Monarch butterflies lay their eggs on milkweed leaves. Patel, 39, pleaded guilty in St. Albans Crown Court to dangerous driving and was sentenced to an 18-month license suspension and 100 hours community service. The eggs hatch into larvae, known as caterpillars. Bhavesh reportedly told the court that he was simply the "unlucky one" who got caught. Per the Telegraph, Tesla said in a statement to the court that it recommends drivers using its autopilot feature remain "fully attentive" and at the wheel ready to slow down the car as they watch the road for obstacles.
Injected Summary: A UK man, Bhavesh Patel, was banned from driving after he pleaded guilty to switching from the driver's seat to the passenger seat of his Tesla while it was traveling down a highway at 40mph. He was sentenced to an 18-month license suspension and 100 hours of community service after pleading guilty to dangerous driving.
