('Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character. Atop the Main Building\'s gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary. Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes". Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart. Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection. It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858. At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary.', ' The school\'s Main Building features a gold dome with a statue of the Virgin Mary. In front is a copper statue of Christ with outstretched arms and the phrase "Venite Ad Me Omnes." Nearby is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart, followed by the Grotto, a Marian prayer site modeled after Lourdes, France. A modern stone statue of Mary is located at the end of the main drive.', 8)
("As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets. The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals. Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States. The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork. The Dome yearbook is published annually. The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College. Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University. In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published. Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production. Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students. Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut.", ' Notre Dame students operate nine news media outlets: three newspapers (The Observer, Scholastic, and The Dome), a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals (The Juggler and Beyond Politics). The Scholastic, begun in 1876, is the oldest collegiate publication in the US. The Observer, an independent daily, focuses on university news and has no faculty advisor or editorial oversight. In response to perceived biases, Common Sense (conservative) was published in 1987 and Irish Rover (liberal) in 2003. All three newspapers are distributed to all students. Beyond Politics, an undergraduate political science research journal, debuted in Spring 2008.', 7)
('The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome). Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St. Joseph lake from the Main Building. Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St. Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians. Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto. The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner. While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching.', ' The university is the base for the Congregation of Holy Cross, with its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, located on campus. Old College houses undergraduate seminarians, while retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House, Holy Cross House, and Columba Hall. The university is connected to theologian Frederick Buechner through Moreau Seminary, which established a Buechner Prize for Preaching.', 8)
('The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s. Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B.S. degrees offered. Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B.A. and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively.', ' The College of Engineering was founded in 1920, but engineering courses in civil and mechanical disciplines began in the College of Science in the 1870s. The college, located in Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls, offers five departments of study: aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering. It provides eight B.S. degrees and five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters (B.A.) and Business (MBA).', 8)
("All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program. The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major. Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested. The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring. This program has been recognized previously, by U.S. News & World Report, as outstanding.", " Notre Dame's undergraduate students belong to one of five colleges or the First Year of Studies program. The First Year program, established in 1962, assists freshmen in choosing classes and majors, and offers a Learning Resource Center with time management, collaborative learning, and tutoring. The program has been recognized as outstanding by U.S. News & World Report.", 8)
('The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year. The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL.M.) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees. This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees. Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education. Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M.Div.) program also exists. All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies. The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs. The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs. It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program. Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years.', ' The university initiated graduate degrees, including MA, LL.M., and Master of Civil Engineering, in the mid-19th century. Formal graduate school education with thesis requirements was established in 1924, introducing Doctorate (PhD) degrees. Today, all five colleges provide graduate education, with most departments in Arts and Letters and Science offering PhD programs. Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, Engineering departments provide PhD programs, Business offers professional MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs, and operates executive MBA facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati. The Alliance for Catholic Education program provides a Master of Education for teaching in Catholic schools.', 8)
("The Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace. It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies. It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B. Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc. The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev. Theodore M. Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame. The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices.", ' The Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at Notre Dame focuses on peace research, education, and outreach. It provides PhD, Masters, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies. Founded in 1986 by Joan B. Kroc, it was inspired by Father Theodore M. Hesburgh. The institute influences international peace building policies.', 8)
('The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools. The main building is the 14-story Theodore M. Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books. The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets. This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus\' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown.', ' The university library consists of the main library and college/school libraries. The main library is the 14-story Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, with a third-time housing the main book collection. It features Millard Sheets\' "Touchdown Jesus" mural on its front.', 7)
('Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19.7%). The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities. The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted. 1,400 of the 3,577 (39.1%) were admitted under the early action plan. Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States. While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture.', ' Notre Dame admitted 19.7% of its 18,156 applicants in fall 2015. The academic profile ranks among top 10-15 for national research universities. Early action plan admitted 39.1% of the 3,577 students. Students came from 1,311 high schools, with an average travel distance of over 750 miles. All students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies. 25% plan to study liberal arts or social sciences, 24% engineering, 24% business, 24% science, and 3% architecture.', 8)
('In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U.S. News & World Report\'s Best Colleges 2016. In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual. Forbes.com\'s America\'s Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest. U.S. News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall. BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall. It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall. The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame\'s graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally. Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57.6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries. According to payscale.com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States. The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group.', ' In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall among American universities. In 2015-2016, U.S. News & World Report ranked Notre Dame 18th overall and 22nd for law school. Forbes.com ranked Notre Dame 13th overall, 8th among research universities, and 1st in the Midwest. BusinessWeek ranked Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school 1st and MBA program 20th. Philosophical Gourmet Report ranked graduate philosophy program 15th. ARCHITECT Magazine ranked undergraduate architecture program 12th. Study abroad program ranks 6th in highest participation percentage (57.6%). Payscale.com lists Notre Dame with a mid-career median salary of $110,000 (24th highest) and median starting salary of $55,300 (58th).', 8)
("Father Joseph Carrier, C.S.C. was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874. Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church. One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist. Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues. His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it. The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican. In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon.", ' Father Joseph Carrier, a Catholic priest and scientist, served as Director of the Science Museum and Library, as well as Professor of Chemistry and Physics, promoting the compatibility of scientific research and Church ideals. One of his students, Father John Augustine Zahm, became a prominent scientist and naturalist at age 23, defending evolutionary theory in his book "Evolution and Dogma" (1896) and arguing for its compatibility with Church teachings. Zahm\'s views faced opposition from the Vatican, but were saved due to intervention by Irish American Catholics. In 1913, Zahm embarked on an Amazon expedition with former President Theodore Roosevelt.', 8)
("In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models. Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message. In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene. Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics.", ' In 1882, Albert Zahm built an early wind tunnel for comparing lift to drag of aeronautical models. Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message around 1899. Father Julius Nieuwland conducted early work on neoprene creation in 1931. Nuclear physics studies at the university began with a nuclear accelerator construction in 1936, and continue now through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics.', 8)
("The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928. This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria. Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive. Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations. But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research. This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations. Today the work has spread to other universities. In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program. In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute. In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics.", " The Lobund Institute, established in 1928, was the first research organization to prove that animal life without bacteria is possible and can be sustained through generations, initially to answer Pasteur's question but also for biological and medical research. It gained independent status as a research institute in the 1940s and offered a PhD program in Gnotobiotics. In 1958, it was re-integrated into the Department of Biology while retaining its independent program.", 8)
("The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals. It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy. For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch. Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F. A. Hermens, and John U. Nef. It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition.", ' The Review of Politics was established in 1939 by Gurian, inspired by German Catholic journals. It became a significant part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, presenting an opposing view to positivist philosophy. The Review was edited by Gurian, Fitzsimons, Crosson, and Stritch for 44 years. Notable intellectual contributors included Gurian, Maritain, OMalley, Ward, Hermens, and Nef. The publication served as a leading platform for political ideas and contemporary concerns, primarily from a Catholic and scholastic perspective.', 8)
('As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields. The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address. The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns. Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet. As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt.', ' As of 2012, Notre Dame University aimed to be a leading research institution with numerous multi-disciplinary institutes in areas such as medieval studies, international studies, peace studies, social concerns, family conflict, genome mapping, trade deficits, fluid mechanics, computational science, engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet. By 2013, the university also housed the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index, which ranks countries based on climate change vulnerability and preparedness.', 8)
('In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M.Div., Business, M.Ed.) students. Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries. As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest \'dream school\' for parents to send their children. As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest. The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative." It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students. With 6,000 participants, the university\'s intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports." The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men\'s Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh.', ' In 2014, Notre Dame had 12,179 students, including 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional students, and 1,593 professional students. Around 21-24% were alumni children, and students came from all 50 states and 100 countries. The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as a top dream school, but criticized it for lack of diversity. The university had a highly regarded intramural sports program and diversity recognition from some publications. Notre Dame was known for its large intramural basketball tournament and annual boxing fundraiser for Bangladesh missions.', 7)
("About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus. The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls. Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms. The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender. Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident. There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years. Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football. At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium.", ' About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus. Graduate students reside in one of four complexes, undergraduates in 29 residence halls, all single-sex (15 male, 14 female). Parietal hours apply for dorm visits, but 24-hour social spaces exist. Nuns and priests live in some halls. No traditional fraternities or sororities, but students often live in the same hall for all four years. Intramural sports include full-contact American football with residence hall teams, culminating in a championship game in Notre Dame Stadium.', 8)
('The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC"). While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic. Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community. There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher. Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix. There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more. The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge. Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus.', " The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross and has a predominantly Christian student body, with over 80% being Catholic. Over 100 Catholic Masses are held weekly, and there's a large campus ministry program. Religious statues and artwork, including a Mary statue, Notre Dame Grotto, and Word of Life mural, are prominent on campus. Every classroom displays a crucifix. There are various religious clubs, such as Catholic and non-Catholic groups, including Knights of Columbus, Baptist Collegiate Ministry, Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, and The Mormon Club. The Notre Dame Knights of Columbus operate a charitable concession stand during home football games and own a building on campus. Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus.", 8)
('This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home. The university founder, Fr. Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev. William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University. Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879. The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards. Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened. Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school. By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883. The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university.', " In April 1879, a fire destroyed Notre Dame University's Main Building and library. The university closed, and Fr. Sorin and President Corby planned for rebuilding. Construction began on May 17 and was completed before the fall semester. The library collection was also rebuilt and housed in the new Main Building. Around the time of the fire, a music hall (Washington Hall) opened, hosting plays and musical acts. By 1880, a science program was established, and Science Hall (LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883, providing classrooms and science labs.", 8)
("In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis. By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives. Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason. Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams. By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school. The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president.", ' In 1919, Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame and implemented an academic revolution, transitioning to an elective system and shifting focus from scholastic and classical emphasis. This brought Notre Dame up to national standards, while Jesuit colleges resisted. Notre Dame graduates were excluded from Harvard Law School due to this. Notre Dame continued to grow, adding colleges, programs, and sports teams, including the College of Commerce in 1921, making it a university with five colleges and a professional law school. The university continued expanding, adding new residence halls and buildings under each subsequent president.', 7)
('One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish. Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918. Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties. During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen". Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage (.881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history. Rockne\'s offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme. The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City.', ' Knute Rockne became Notre Dame\'s head football coach in 1918, leading the team to a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties over 13 years. The Irish won three national championships, five undefeated seasons, and the Rose Bowl in 1925 under Rockne. He produced notable players like George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen." Rockne\'s offenses used the Notre Dame Box formation, and defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme. His last game as coach was against the New York Giants on December 14, 1930. Rockne holds the highest winning percentage (.881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history.', 9)
("The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name. The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s. Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army. Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism. The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924. Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church. The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend. Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia. On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr. Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes. The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence. A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana.", " In the 1920s, Notre Dame's successful football team brought it national recognition and represented the rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics. However, this also made Notre Dame a target of anti-Catholicism, particularly from the Ku Klux Klan (KKK). In 1924, the KKK held a week-long event in South Bend, leading to clashes with Notre Dame students. On St. Patrick's Day, students blocked the KKK from arriving at the station and damaged their regalia. Thousands protested the Klavern downtown, and only the intervention of college president Fr. Matthew Walsh prevented further violence. Football coach Knute Rockne urged students to avoid further conflict, and the Klavern eventually disbanded. The student hostility towards the KKK contributed to the decline of the organization in Indiana.", 8)
('Holy Cross Father John Francis O\'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934. During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H. Spearman, Jeremiah D. M. Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883. O\'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame. He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother. When St. Paul said: \'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,\' he included football."', ' Holy Cross Father John Francis OHara became Notre Dame\'s vice-president in 1933 and president in 1934. He invited refugee intellectuals to the university and awarded the Laetare Medal to Frank H. Spearman, Jeremiah D. M. Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson. OHara believed football at Notre Dame could promote the university\'s ideals and wrote that it was a "spiritual service" played "for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother."', 8)
("The Rev. John J. Cavanaugh, C.S.C. served as president from 1946 to 1952. Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold. Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute. Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I.A. O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university. Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and development", " The Rev. John J. Cavanaugh, C.S.C. served as Notre Dame's president from 1946 to 1952. He focused on raising academic standards, restructuring the administration, and promoting advanced studies and research during Notre Dame's post-war growth period. Student census quadrupled, undergraduate enrollment increased by over 50%, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold. Cavanaugh established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute. He oversaw the construction of Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, Morris Inn, and the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall). A significant donation from I.A. O'Shaughnessy funded the Hall of Liberal Arts. Cavanaugh also established advisory councils at the university, which continue to be essential for governance and development.", 8)
('The Rev. Theodore Hesburgh, C.S.C., (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations. In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9.7 million to $176.6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million. Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500.', ' The Rev. Theodore Hesburgh, C.S.C., served as president of Notre Dame University from 1952 to 1987. During his tenure, the annual operating budget increased 18-fold, the endowment grew 40-fold, and research funding doubled. Enrollment nearly doubled, faculty more than doubled, and degrees awarded annually also doubled. Specific figures: annual operating budget from $9.7 million to $176.6 million, endowment from $9 million to $350 million, research funding from $735,000 to $15 million, enrollment from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty from 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually from 1,212 to 2,500.', 7)
('Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution. In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary\'s College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools. After extensive debate, merging with St. Mary\'s was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales. "In American college education," explained the Rev. Charles E. Sheedy, C.S.C., Notre Dame\'s Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place.... In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism." Thomas Blantz, C.S.C., Notre Dame\'s Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students." Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year. In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St. Mary\'s College. In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor\'s degree in marketing.', ' In the mid-1960s, Notre Dame and Saint Marys College implemented a co-exchange program, allowing several hundred students to attend classes at the other institution and bringing undergraduate women to Notre Dame. After considering merging, coeducation was adopted instead due to faculty differences. Two residence halls were converted for female students each year, and the first female undergraduate, Mary Ann Proctor, enrolled in 1971. The first woman to graduate, Angela Sienko, earned her degree in marketing in 1972.', 8)
("In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C.S.C., (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources. He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million. Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1.1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education.", " During Edward Malloy's 18-year presidency (1987-2005), Notre Dame experienced significant growth in reputation, faculty, and resources. The faculty expanded by over 500 professors, average SAT scores rose from 1240 to 1360, minority student numbers doubled, endowment grew from $350 million to over $3 billion, annual operating budget increased from $177 million to over $650 million, and annual research funding improved from $15 million to over $70 million. Notre Dame's most recent capital campaign raised $1.1 billion, surpassing its goal of $767 million, making it the largest in Catholic higher education history.", 9)
('Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I. Jenkins, C.S.C., the 17th president of the university. Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005. In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies. During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium.', ' Notre Dame, led by John I. Jenkins since 2005, focused on research with ethics and faith connection. Under Jenkins, Notre Dame grew its endowment, student body, and undertook numerous campus projects such as Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and Campus Crossroads, a $400m expansion of Notre Dame Stadium.', 8)
("Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus. The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross. The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr. Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college. It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France. The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr. Sorin to be artist in residence. The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon. Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic. The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France. It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus.", ' The Old College building is now one of two seminaries on a Catholic campus, housing the Congregation of Holy Cross. The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart was built to replace a small church and is decorated with French stained glass, Italian paintings, and sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic. It also includes a French Revival style bell tower with a carillon. The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France, and is a popular place of prayer and meditation for students and alumni.', 7)
('A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr. Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma. Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities. LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1.2 million. Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within. The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains.', " A Science Hall built in 1883 was renamed and converted into a student union building, LaFortune Center, in 1950. It's a 4-story, 83,000 sq ft building with a $1.2 million annual budget. Employing 35 part-time students and 29 full-time non-students, it offers social, recreational, cultural, and educational spaces. The Notre Dame community uses it for various activities. Businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are located there, along with restaurants from national chains.", 8)
("Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially. Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel. Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books. Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science. Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester. Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009. A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well. Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011. The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building. Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport. The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people. Prominent venues include also the Edmund P. Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey. Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball.", " The university's physical plant has expanded significantly since its inception, with the addition of 29 residence halls, each with a chapel, and numerous academic buildings, including the Theodore Hesburgh Library. Since 2004, several new structures have been constructed, such as the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, Guglielmino Complex, Jordan Hall of Science, Duncan Hall, Ryan Hall, Stinson-Remick Hall, a Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, and a law school addition. The new hockey arena opened in 2011, and the Stayer Center for Executive Education was completed in 2013. Notre Dame Stadium, home of the football team, and the Edmund P. Joyce Center, Compton Family Ice Arena, and many outdoor fields are among the sports facilities.", 7)
('The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water.As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver. Notre Dame\'s dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options. On the Sustainable Endowments Institute\'s College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade. The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies. Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member.', ' The University of Notre Dame prioritizes sustainability through the Office of Sustainability, focusing on power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water. In 2012, four building projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status, and three were aiming for LEED Silver. Notre Dame\'s dining services source 40% of food locally and offer various sustainable options. The university received a "B" grade on the Sustainable Endowments Institute\'s College Sustainability Report Card 2010. Father Gustavo Gutierrez, founder of Liberation Theology, is a current faculty member. The Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies is also located at the university.', 8)
('The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support. The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968. Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square. The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia. Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome.', ' The university operates international centers in London, Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem, and Rome for research, conferences, and alumni support. The London center has been based in Trafalgar Square since 1998. Various colleges use the London center to develop their programs.', 7)
("The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849. The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University. Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges. There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college.", " The College of Arts and Letters, the university's first college founded in 1842, offers degrees since 1849 and follows the Jesuit academic curriculum. It is located in OShaughnessy Hall and consists of 20 departments in fine arts, humanities, and social sciences. The college grants B.A. degrees in 33 majors and has approximately 3,250 students (2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates).", 8)
("The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon. Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses. Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B.S.) degrees. According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States.", ' The College of Science at the university was founded in 1865 by President Father Patrick Dillon. It offered six-year scientific programs with advanced mathematics courses. The college, now located in Jordan Hall of Science, has approximately 1,200 undergraduates in six departments: biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and ACMS. The science pre-professional program boasts one of the highest medical school acceptance rates in the U.S.', 8)
('The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898. Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree. All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome. The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e.g. following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture). It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize.', ' The School of Architecture at the university was founded in 1899, with degrees granted the previous year. It is now located in Bond Hall and provides a five-year undergraduate program for the Bachelor of Architecture degree. Students spend their third year in Rome. The school is known for its traditional and classical architecture and urban planning approach, based on New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture principles. The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture and the annual Driehaus Architecture Prize.', 8)
("The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall. A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015. Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room. The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country.", ' The library system consists of branches for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, Mathematics, Mendoza College of Business, Kellogg Institute, Kroc Institute, and a slide library in OShaughnessy Hall. A theology library was added in 2015, housed in a dorm room in Stanford Hall. The library system holds over three million volumes and is one of the 100 largest libraries in the country, having once been the largest university library in the world.', 8)
("The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame. From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent. Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler. Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62. Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus.", " In the 1930s, several Catholic intellectuals, including Anton-Hermann Chroust (classics and law) and Waldemar Gurian (German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent) from Germany, and Ivan Meštrović (renowned sculptor) from Croatia, fled Europe and came to Notre Dame. Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler. Yves Simon, who brought insights from French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy, was also brought to Notre Dame in the 1940s. Jacques Maritain, Simon's teacher, was a frequent visitor to the campus.", 7)
('The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States. In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university\'s patron saint, the Virgin Mary. The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica.', ' The University of Notre Dame, a Catholic research institution in South Bend, Indiana, USA, spans 1,250 acres and is named "Our Lady of the Lake" after its patron saint, the Virgin Mary. Notable landmarks include the Golden Dome, "Touchdown Jesus" mural, and the Basilica.', 8)
("Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne. The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish. The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history. Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships. The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song.", " Notre Dame gained recognition in the early 1900s for its renowned football team led by coach Knute Rockne. The university's athletic teams, including the Independent football team with 11 consensus national championships, 7 Heisman Trophy winners, and 62 College Football Hall of Famers, are collectively known as the Fighting Irish. Additional Notre Dame teams in the Atlantic Coast Conference have earned 16 national championships. The Notre Dame Victory March is a famous and recognizable collegiate fight song.", 8)
("Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university. The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School. The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize. Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School. It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art. Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams. The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U.S. colleges.", ' Notre Dame is a prominent, top-ranked, residential research university with four undergraduate colleges and an Architecture School known for New Classical Architecture and the Driehaus Prize. It offers over 50 graduate programs through five schools, including the Law School and MD-PhD program. The university has extensive libraries, cultural venues, and museums, and 80% of its 8,000 undergraduates live on campus. Notre Dame has approximately 120,000 alumni with a strong alumni network.', 8)
("In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years. Fr. Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel. He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building. They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus.", ' In 1842, Bishop Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière gave Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross land to build a college within two years. Sorin arrived with eight brothers and started the school using an old log chapel. They constructed Old College, the first church, and the first main building. Two students joined, and they began adding to the campus.', 8)
('The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849. The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty. With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them. The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university\'s administration, classrooms, and dormitories. Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier. By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building.', ' The university, founded in 1849, underwent expansion with new presidents adding academic programs and buildings. The original Main Building was replaced in 1865, housing administration, classrooms, and dormitories. A library collection started in 1873, growing to ten thousand volumes by 1879, was housed in the Main Building.', 8)
('The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006. WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88.9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves. Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM. More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet.', ' NDtv expanded from one show in 2002 to a 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006. WSND-FM caters to the South Bend community at 88.9 FM, allowing students to broadcast classical music, fine arts, educational programming, and alternative rock. WVFI, another radio station, initially partnered with WSND-FM but now operates independently and is streamed online.', 8)
('The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008. The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers. The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students.', ' In June 2008, the first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development near the University of Notre Dame, began construction. The project, funded by the university, faced union protests due to non-union workers being hired by a contractor. Kite Realty, the developer, opted to work with major national chains instead of local businesses, resulting in criticism from alumni and students.', 8)
("Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish. They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year. The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13. Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball. The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887. Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East.", ' Notre Dame teams, known as the Fighting Irish, compete in the NCAA Division I, mainly in the ACC since 2013-14. They previously belonged to the Horizon League (1982-83 to 1985-86, 1987-88 to 1994-95) and Big East Conference (1995-13). The university offers mens sports such as baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis, and track & field. Womens sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field, and volleyball. The football team is an FBS Independent, and both fencing teams are in the Midwest Fencing Conference. The mens ice hockey team competes in Hockey East.', 7)
("Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014. The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents. In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season. Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East. After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year. There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns. The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams. In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname. The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams. Created by Theodore W. Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers. The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure.", " Notre Dame joined the ACC in July 2013, leaving the Big East, except for football and fencing. Football and fencing have separate conference affiliations. Notre Dame's hockey team moved to Hockey East due to the Big Ten adding hockey in 2013–14. The Fighting Irish name, colors (Navy Blue and Gold Rush, with occasional use of green), and mascot (Leprechaun) have been established since the 1920s. The Leprechaun was created in 1964 and gained national exposure in 1964.", 7)
('On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years. This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA. The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports. The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial. The band regularly plays the school\'s fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell. According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time.', ' On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame signed a $100 million, 10-year contract with Under Armour for uniforms, apparel, equipment, and compensation. Notre Dame\'s marching band, the oldest in continuous existence in the US (founded in 1846), was recognized as a "Landmark of American Music" and plays the famous "Notre Dame Victory March" at home games. This fight song, named the greatest of all time by College Fight Songs (1998), is regularly played and well-known.', 8)
('The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students. In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source. Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history. With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country.', ' Notre Dame football team started in 1887 with a game against Michigan Wolverines. Since then, 13 consensus national championship teams and 9 more recognized teams. Most members in College Football Hall of Fame, tied for most Heisman Trophies, and highest winning percentage in NCAA history. Long history resulted in many rivals, with annual USC game for Jeweled Shillelagh being a significant intersectional rivalry.', 7)
('George Gipp was the school\'s legendary football player during 1916–20. He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports. He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity. It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper." The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O\'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp. Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus. The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009. Kelly\'s record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21. In 2012, Kelly\'s Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game. Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons. Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history. The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22.1 million is retained from the team\'s profits for academic use. Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007.', ' George Gipp was a legendary football player at Notre Dame from 1916-1920. He played baseball semiprofessionally and engaged in gambling, drinking, and smoking. Gipp was humble, generous, and had integrity. In 1928, coach Knute Rockne used his dying conversation with Gipp to inspire the team to win against Army. The film "Knute Rockne, All American" (1940) starred Pat O\'Brien as Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp. Notre Dame\'s current coach is Brian Kelly, hired in 2009. His record is 52-21 through six seasons, with an undefeated squad in 2012. He succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired after five seasons and a mediocre record. The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently, retaining $22.1 million for academic use. Forbes valued the team at $101 million in 2007.', 7)
("Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e.g. Zahm House's two-story banner). Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle. This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday. Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome. The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game.", ' On gamedays, Notre Dame campus comes alive with traditions. Dorms decorate with symbols, Drummers Circle kicks off festivities at midnight with the band, trumpets play Victory March and Alma Mater under the dome, and the band performs a concert at Bond Hall before marching to Notre Dame Stadium.', 7)
("The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments. Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61. Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice. The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974. The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team. The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P. Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season. The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record. In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship. The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East. During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky. Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season. The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09.", " The Notre Dame men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments, and holds the record for most points scored in a single tournament game (61) by Austin Carr. They have been named national champions twice by the Helms Athletic Foundation. Notre Dame has defeated 9 number one-ranked teams, second only to UCLA's 10. The team plays in Purcell Pavilion and is coached by Mike Brey, who has a 332-165 record as of 2014-15. The team has reached the NIT semifinals and the Elite 8 in the NCAA tournament. Notre Dame had a 25-5 record in the 2010-11 season and finished second in the Big East. The team went 32-6 in the 2014-15 season, won the ACC conference tournament, and reached the Elite 8. Notre Dame had two NBA draft picks, Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, and beat Duke Blue Devils twice during the season. The team's 32 wins were the most since 1908-09.", 8)
('The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame. It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates. The Rev. Michael J. Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F. Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics. The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928. The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name. Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all. While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"', ' The "Notre Dame Victory March" is Notre Dame\'s fight song, written by brothers Michael J. Shea (1904 graduate, music) and John F. Shea (1906 and 1908 graduate, lyrics) in the early 1900s. The lyrics were revised in the 1920s and first copyrighted by the University of Notre Dame in 1928. The chorus urges cheering for Notre Dame, sending volleys of cheers, and believing in victory despite the odds.', 8)
('In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O\'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March". George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role. This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker\'s former comrades. The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles.', ' In the films "Knute Rockne, All American" and "Airplane!", the "Notre Dame Victory March" plays during inspirational speeches given by characters Knute Rockne and George Zipp, respectively. The speech in "Knute Rockne" led to George Gipp\'s nickname "The Gipper". The song was also featured in "Rudy" with Sean Astin as Rudy Ruettiger.', 7)
("Notre Dame alumni work in various fields. Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice. A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Medicine Nobel Prize winner Eric F. Wieschaus. A number of university heads are alumni, including Notre Dame's current president, the Rev. John Jenkins. Additionally, many alumni are in the media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm. With the university having high profile sports teams itself, a number of alumni went on to become involved in athletics outside the university, including professional baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley. Other notable alumni include prominent businessman Edward J. DeBartolo, Jr. and astronaut Jim Wetherbee.", ' Notre Dame alumni work in various fields such as politics, science, media, athletics, business, and education. Notable alumni include politicians like governors and members of the US Congress, Nobel Prize winner Eric F. Wieschaus, university presidents, talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, television and radio personalities Mike Golic and Hannah Storm, professional athletes Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy, and Knute Rockne, Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley, businessman Edward J. DeBartolo, Jr., and astronaut Jim Wetherbee.', 8)
('Beyoncé Giselle Knowles-Carter (/biːˈjɒnseɪ/ bee-YON-say) (born September 4, 1981) is an American singer, songwriter, record producer and actress. Born and raised in Houston, Texas, she performed in various singing and dancing competitions as a child, and rose to fame in the late 1990s as lead singer of R&B girl-group Destiny\'s Child. Managed by her father, Mathew Knowles, the group became one of the world\'s best-selling girl groups of all time. Their hiatus saw the release of Beyoncé\'s debut album, Dangerously in Love (2003), which established her as a solo artist worldwide, earned five Grammy Awards and featured the Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles "Crazy in Love" and "Baby Boy".', ' Beyoncé Giselle Knowles-Carter, born September 4, 1981, is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, and actress. Raised in Houston, Texas, she rose to fame as lead singer of R&B girl-group Destiny\'s Child, managed by her father. The group became one of the best-selling girl groups, and their hiatus led to Beyoncé\'s solo debut album, "Dangerously in Love" (2003), which established her as a solo artist, earned five Grammy Awards, and featured Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles "Crazy in Love" and "Baby Boy."', 8)
('Following the disbandment of Destiny\'s Child in June 2005, she released her second solo album, B\'Day (2006), which contained hits "Déjà Vu", "Irreplaceable", and "Beautiful Liar". Beyoncé also ventured into acting, with a Golden Globe-nominated performance in Dreamgirls (2006), and starring roles in The Pink Panther (2006) and Obsessed (2009). Her marriage to rapper Jay Z and portrayal of Etta James in Cadillac Records (2008) influenced her third album, I Am... Sasha Fierce (2008), which saw the birth of her alter-ego Sasha Fierce and earned a record-setting six Grammy Awards in 2010, including Song of the Year for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)". Beyoncé took a hiatus from music in 2010 and took over management of her career; her fourth album 4 (2011) was subsequently mellower in tone, exploring 1970s funk, 1980s pop, and 1990s soul. Her critically acclaimed fifth studio album, Beyoncé (2013), was distinguished from previous releases by its experimental production and exploration of darker themes.', ' After Destiny\'s Child disbanded in 2005, Beyoncé released her second solo album, BDay (2006), with hits "Déjà Vu," "Irreplaceable," and "Beautiful Liar." She ventured into acting with roles in Dreamgirls (2006), The Pink Panther (2006), and Obsessed (2009). Marriage to Jay Z and portrayal of Etta James in Cadillac Records (2008) influenced her third album, I Am... Sasha Fierce (2008), which earned six Grammy Awards. Beyoncé took a hiatus from music in 2010, managed her career, and released a mellower fourth album, 4 (2011). Her fifth studio album, Beyoncé (2013), was experimental with darker themes.', 8)
('A self-described "modern-day feminist", Beyoncé creates songs that are often characterized by themes of love, relationships, and monogamy, as well as female sexuality and empowerment. On stage, her dynamic, highly choreographed performances have led to critics hailing her as one of the best entertainers in contemporary popular music. Throughout a career spanning 19 years, she has sold over 118 million records as a solo artist, and a further 60 million with Destiny\'s Child, making her one of the best-selling music artists of all time. She has won 20 Grammy Awards and is the most nominated woman in the award\'s history. The Recording Industry Association of America recognized her as the Top Certified Artist in America during the 2000s decade. In 2009, Billboard named her the Top Radio Songs Artist of the Decade, the Top Female Artist of the 2000s and their Artist of the Millennium in 2011. Time listed her among the 100 most influential people in the world in 2013 and 2014. Forbes magazine also listed her as the most powerful female musician of 2015.', " Beyoncé, a modern-day feminist artist, is known for songs about love, relationships, monogamy, female sexuality, and empowerment. With highly choreographed performances, she is considered one of the best entertainers in contemporary popular music. Over her 19-year career, she has sold over 178 million records as a solo artist and with Destiny's Child, making her one of the best-selling music artists of all time. She has won 20 Grammy Awards, the most for any woman, and was the Top Certified Artist in America during the 2000s. Billboard named her the Top Radio Songs Artist, Top Female Artist, and Artist of the Millennium. Time listed her among the 100 most influential people twice, and Forbes named her the most powerful female musician in 2015.", 8)
('Beyoncé Giselle Knowles was born in Houston, Texas, to Celestine Ann "Tina" Knowles (née Beyincé), a hairdresser and salon owner, and Mathew Knowles, a Xerox sales manager. Beyoncé\'s name is a tribute to her mother\'s maiden name. Beyoncé\'s younger sister Solange is also a singer and a former member of Destiny\'s Child. Mathew is African-American, while Tina is of Louisiana Creole descent (with African, Native American, French, Cajun, and distant Irish and Spanish ancestry). Through her mother, Beyoncé is a descendant of Acadian leader Joseph Broussard. She was raised in a Methodist household.', ' Beyoncé Giselle Knowles, born in Houston, is the daughter of Celestine Ann "Tina" Knowles (Louisiana Creole, African, Native American, French, Cajun, and distant Irish and Spanish descent) and Mathew Knowles (African-American). Her name honors her mother\'s maiden name. She has a younger sister, Solange, also a singer. Through her mother, Beyoncé is descended from Acadian leader Joseph Broussard. She was raised in a Methodist household.', 8)
('Beyoncé attended St. Mary\'s Elementary School in Fredericksburg, Texas, where she enrolled in dance classes. Her singing talent was discovered when dance instructor Darlette Johnson began humming a song and she finished it, able to hit the high-pitched notes. Beyoncé\'s interest in music and performing continued after winning a school talent show at age seven, singing John Lennon\'s "Imagine" to beat 15/16-year-olds. In fall of 1990, Beyoncé enrolled in Parker Elementary School, a music magnet school in Houston, where she would perform with the school\'s choir. She also attended the High School for the Performing and Visual Arts and later Alief Elsik High School. Beyoncé was also a member of the choir at St. John\'s United Methodist Church as a soloist for two years.', " Beyoncé attended St. Mary's Elementary School in Texas and took dance classes. Her singing ability was discovered by her dance instructor. She won a school talent show at age seven and continued her interest in music. In 1990, she enrolled in a music magnet school in Houston and joined its choir. She also attended the High School for the Performing and Visual Arts and Alief Elsik High School. Beyoncé was a soloist in the choir at St. John's United Methodist Church for two years.", 8)
("At age eight, Beyoncé and childhood friend Kelly Rowland met LaTavia Roberson while in an audition for an all-girl entertainment group. They were placed into a group with three other girls as Girl's Tyme, and rapped and danced on the talent show circuit in Houston. After seeing the group, R&B producer Arne Frager brought them to his Northern California studio and placed them in Star Search, the largest talent show on national TV at the time. Girl's Tyme failed to win, and Beyoncé later said the song they performed was not good. In 1995 Beyoncé's father resigned from his job to manage the group. The move reduced Beyoncé's family's income by half, and her parents were forced to move into separated apartments. Mathew cut the original line-up to four and the group continued performing as an opening act for other established R&B girl groups. The girls auditioned before record labels and were finally signed to Elektra Records, moving to Atlanta Records briefly to work on their first recording, only to be cut by the company. This put further strain on the family, and Beyoncé's parents separated. On October 5, 1995, Dwayne Wiggins's Grass Roots Entertainment signed the group. In 1996, the girls began recording their debut album under an agreement with Sony Music, the Knowles family reunited, and shortly after, the group got a contract with Columbia Records.", " At age eight, Beyoncé, Kelly Rowland, and LaTavia Roberson formed Girls Tyme after an audition. They performed on the talent circuit in Houston and appeared on Star Search. After failing to win, Beyoncé's father quit his job to manage the group, causing financial hardship. The group was signed to Elektra Records and then Columbia Records, but were cut by both. They were eventually signed by Grass Roots Entertainment in 1996 and began recording their debut album with Sony Music. The Knowles family reunited during this time.", 6)
('The group changed their name to Destiny\'s Child in 1996, based upon a passage in the Book of Isaiah. In 1997, Destiny\'s Child released their major label debut song "Killing Time" on the soundtrack to the 1997 film, Men in Black. The following year, the group released their self-titled debut album, scoring their first major hit "No, No, No". The album established the group as a viable act in the music industry, with moderate sales and winning the group three Soul Train Lady of Soul Awards for Best R&B/Soul Album of the Year, Best R&B/Soul or Rap New Artist, and Best R&B/Soul Single for "No, No, No". The group released their multi-platinum second album The Writing\'s on the Wall in 1999. The record features some of the group\'s most widely known songs such as "Bills, Bills, Bills", the group\'s first number-one single, "Jumpin\' Jumpin\'" and "Say My Name", which became their most successful song at the time, and would remain one of their signature songs. "Say My Name" won the Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals and the Best R&B Song at the 43rd Annual Grammy Awards. The Writing\'s on the Wall sold more than eight million copies worldwide. During this time, Beyoncé recorded a duet with Marc Nelson, an original member of Boyz II Men, on the song "After All Is Said and Done" for the soundtrack to the 1999 film, The Best Man.', ' In 1996, Destiny\'s Child changed their name and released their debut song "Killing Time" on the Men in Black soundtrack. Their self-titled debut album followed in 1997, with the hit "No, No, No." The group won three Soul Train Awards and sold moderately. In 1999, they released The Writings on the Wall, featuring "Bills, Bills, Bills," their first number-one single, and "Say My Name," their most successful song. "Say My Name" won two Grammys. The album sold over eight million copies. Beyoncé also recorded a duet with Marc Nelson for The Best Man soundtrack.', 8)
("LeToya Luckett and Roberson became unhappy with Mathew's managing of the band and eventually were replaced by Farrah Franklin and Michelle Williams. Beyoncé experienced depression following the split with Luckett and Roberson after being publicly blamed by the media, critics, and blogs for its cause. Her long-standing boyfriend left her at this time. The depression was so severe it lasted for a couple of years, during which she occasionally kept herself in her bedroom for days and refused to eat anything. Beyoncé stated that she struggled to speak about her depression because Destiny's Child had just won their first Grammy Award and she feared no one would take her seriously. Beyoncé would later speak of her mother as the person who helped her fight it. Franklin was dismissed, leaving just Beyoncé, Rowland, and Williams.", " LeToya Luckett and LaTavia Roberson were replaced in Destiny's Child by Farrah Franklin and Michelle Williams due to dissatisfaction with Mathews' management. Beyoncé experienced severe depression following the split, which was worsened by public blame for the breakup and the loss of her long-term boyfriend. She struggled with the condition for several years, often staying in her bedroom and refusing to eat. Beyoncé kept her depression a secret due to Destiny's Child's recent Grammy win and the fear of not being taken seriously. Franklin was later dismissed, leaving Beyoncé, Kelly Rowland, and Michelle Williams in the group.", 8)
('The remaining band members recorded "Independent Women Part I", which appeared on the soundtrack to the 2000 film, Charlie\'s Angels. It became their best-charting single, topping the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart for eleven consecutive weeks. In early 2001, while Destiny\'s Child was completing their third album, Beyoncé landed a major role in the MTV made-for-television film, Carmen: A Hip Hopera, starring alongside American actor Mekhi Phifer. Set in Philadelphia, the film is a modern interpretation of the 19th century opera Carmen by French composer Georges Bizet. When the third album Survivor was released in May 2001, Luckett and Roberson filed a lawsuit claiming that the songs were aimed at them. The album debuted at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200, with first-week sales of 663,000 copies sold. The album spawned other number-one hits, "Bootylicious" and the title track, "Survivor", the latter of which earned the group a Grammy Award for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals. After releasing their holiday album 8 Days of Christmas in October 2001, the group announced a hiatus to further pursue solo careers.', ' The band members recorded "Independent Women Part I" for Charlies Angels soundtrack, topping the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart for eleven weeks. Beyoncé starred in MTV\'s Carmen: A Hip Hopera while completing Destiny\'s Child third album, Survivor. The album debuted at number one, with hits "Bootylicious" and "Survivor," earning a Grammy. Luckett and Roberson sued over songs, and the group announced a hiatus after releasing 8 Days of Christmas.', 7)
('In July 2002, Beyoncé continued her acting career playing Foxxy Cleopatra alongside Mike Myers in the comedy film, Austin Powers in Goldmember, which spent its first weekend atop the US box office and grossed $73 million. Beyoncé released "Work It Out" as the lead single from its soundtrack album which entered the top ten in the UK, Norway, and Belgium. In 2003, Beyoncé starred opposite Cuba Gooding, Jr., in the musical comedy The Fighting Temptations as Lilly, a single mother whom Gooding\'s character falls in love with. The film received mixed reviews from critics but grossed $30 million in the U.S. Beyoncé released "Fighting Temptation" as the lead single from the film\'s soundtrack album, with Missy Elliott, MC Lyte, and Free which was also used to promote the film. Another of Beyoncé\'s contributions to the soundtrack, "Summertime", fared better on the US charts.', ' In July 2002, Beyoncé acted in "Austin Powers in Goldmember," topped the US box office, and released "Work It Out" as the lead single from its soundtrack. In 2003, she starred in "The Fighting Temptations," released "Fighting Temptation" as the lead single from its soundtrack, and contributed "Summertime" which performed well on US charts.', 7)
('Beyoncé\'s first solo recording was a feature on Jay Z\'s "\'03 Bonnie & Clyde" that was released in October 2002, peaking at number four on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart. Her first solo album Dangerously in Love was released on June 24, 2003, after Michelle Williams and Kelly Rowland had released their solo efforts. The album sold 317,000 copies in its first week, debuted atop the Billboard 200, and has since sold 11 million copies worldwide. The album\'s lead single, "Crazy in Love", featuring Jay Z, became Beyoncé\'s first number-one single as a solo artist in the US. The single "Baby Boy" also reached number one, and singles, "Me, Myself and I" and "Naughty Girl", both reached the top-five. The album earned Beyoncé a then record-tying five awards at the 46th Annual Grammy Awards; Best Contemporary R&B Album, Best Female R&B Vocal Performance for "Dangerously in Love 2", Best R&B Song and Best Rap/Sung Collaboration for "Crazy in Love", and Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals for "The Closer I Get to You" with Luther Vandross.', ' Beyoncé\'s first solo feature was on Jay Z\'s "03 Bonnie & Clyde" in October 2002. Her debut album, Dangerously in Love, was released in June 2003, selling 317,000 copies in its first week and debuting atop the Billboard 200. The album has sold 11 million copies worldwide. Lead singles "Crazy in Love" and "Baby Boy" both reached number one, while "Me, Myself and I" and "Naughty Girl" reached the top-five. The album earned Beyoncé five Grammy Awards, including for "Crazy in Love" and "Dangerously in Love 2". She also won for "The Closer I Get to You" with Luther Vandross.', 8)
('In November 2003, she embarked on the Dangerously in Love Tour in Europe and later toured alongside Missy Elliott and Alicia Keys for the Verizon Ladies First Tour in North America. On February 1, 2004, Beyoncé performed the American national anthem at Super Bowl XXXVIII, at the Reliant Stadium in Houston, Texas. After the release of Dangerously in Love, Beyoncé had planned to produce a follow-up album using several of the left-over tracks. However, this was put on hold so she could concentrate on recording Destiny Fulfilled, the final studio album by Destiny\'s Child. Released on November 15, 2004, in the US and peaking at number two on the Billboard 200, Destiny Fulfilled included the singles "Lose My Breath" and "Soldier", which reached the top five on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. Destiny\'s Child embarked on a worldwide concert tour, Destiny Fulfilled... and Lovin\' It and during the last stop of their European tour, in Barcelona on June 11, 2005, Rowland announced that Destiny\'s Child would disband following the North American leg of the tour. The group released their first compilation album Number 1\'s on October 25, 2005, in the US and accepted a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in March 2006.', ' In November 2003, Beyoncé toured in Europe and North America. She performed the national anthem at Super Bowl XXXVIII in February 2004. After releasing Dangerously in Love, she planned to produce a new album but put it on hold for Destiny Fulfilled by Destiny\'s Child. Released in November 2004, the album peaked at number two on the Billboard 200 and included top five singles "Lose My Breath" and "Soldier." Destiny\'s Child embarked on a worldwide tour and announced disbanding in June 2005. They released a compilation album, Number 1s, in October 2005, and received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in March 2006.', 7)
('Beyoncé\'s second solo album B\'Day was released on September 5, 2006, in the US, to coincide with her twenty-fifth birthday. It sold 541,000 copies in its first week and debuted atop the Billboard 200, becoming Beyoncé\'s second consecutive number-one album in the United States. The album\'s lead single "Déjà Vu", featuring Jay Z, reached the top five on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. The second international single "Irreplaceable" was a commercial success worldwide, reaching number one in Australia, Hungary, Ireland, New Zealand and the United States. B\'Day also produced three other singles; "Ring the Alarm", "Get Me Bodied", and "Green Light" (released in the United Kingdom only).', ' Beyoncé\'s second solo album, BDay, was released on her 25th birthday in September 2006 in the US. It debuted atop the Billboard 200 and sold 541,000 copies in its first week. The lead single "Déjà Vu" featuring Jay Z reached the top five on the Billboard Hot 100. The second international single "Irreplaceable" was a commercial success worldwide, reaching number one in several countries including Australia, Hungary, Ireland, New Zealand, and the US. Three other singles, "Ring the Alarm", "Get Me Bodied", and "Green Light" (released in the UK only), were also produced from the album.', 8)
('Her first acting role of 2006 was in the comedy film The Pink Panther starring opposite Steve Martin, grossing $158.8 million at the box office worldwide. Her second film Dreamgirls, the film version of the 1981 Broadway musical loosely based on The Supremes, received acclaim from critics and grossed $154 million internationally. In it, she starred opposite Jennifer Hudson, Jamie Foxx, and Eddie Murphy playing a pop singer based on Diana Ross. To promote the film, Beyoncé released "Listen" as the lead single from the soundtrack album. In April 2007, Beyoncé embarked on The Beyoncé Experience, her first worldwide concert tour, visiting 97 venues and grossed over $24 million.[note 1] Beyoncé conducted pre-concert food donation drives during six major stops in conjunction with her pastor at St. John\'s and America\'s Second Harvest. At the same time, B\'Day was re-released with five additional songs, including her duet with Shakira "Beautiful Liar".', ' In 2006, Beyoncé appeared in "The Pink Panther," a comedy film with Steve Martin, which grossed $158.8 million. She then starred in "Dreamgirls," based on The Supremes, with Jennifer Hudson, Jamie Foxx, and Eddie Murphy, grossing $154 million. To promote the film, she released "Listen" as the lead single and embarked on her first worldwide tour, The Beyoncé Experience, visiting 97 venues and grossing over $24 million. During the tour, she held food donation drives and re-released BDay with five new songs, including "Beautiful Liar" with Shakira.', 8)
('On April 4, 2008, Beyoncé married Jay Z. She publicly revealed their marriage in a video montage at the listening party for her third studio album, I Am... Sasha Fierce, in Manhattan\'s Sony Club on October 22, 2008. I Am... Sasha Fierce was released on November 18, 2008 in the United States. The album formally introduces Beyoncé\'s alter ego Sasha Fierce, conceived during the making of her 2003 single "Crazy in Love", selling 482,000 copies in its first week, debuting atop the Billboard 200, and giving Beyoncé her third consecutive number-one album in the US. The album featured the number-one song "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" and the top-five songs "If I Were a Boy" and "Halo". Achieving the accomplishment of becoming her longest-running Hot 100 single in her career, "Halo"\'s success in the US helped Beyoncé attain more top-ten singles on the list than any other woman during the 2000s. It also included the successful "Sweet Dreams", and singles "Diva", "Ego", "Broken-Hearted Girl" and "Video Phone". The music video for "Single Ladies" has been parodied and imitated around the world, spawning the "first major dance craze" of the Internet age according to the Toronto Star. The video has won several awards, including Best Video at the 2009 MTV Europe Music Awards, the 2009 Scottish MOBO Awards, and the 2009 BET Awards. At the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards, the video was nominated for nine awards, ultimately winning three including Video of the Year. Its failure to win the Best Female Video category, which went to American country pop singer Taylor Swift\'s "You Belong with Me", led to Kanye West interrupting the ceremony and Beyoncé improvising a re-presentation of Swift\'s award during her own acceptance speech. In March 2009, Beyoncé embarked on the I Am... World Tour, her second headlining worldwide concert tour, consisting of 108 shows, grossing $119.5 million.', ' Beyoncé married Jay Z in April 2008 and revealed it at her third studio album\'s listening party in October 2008. I Am... Sasha Fierce was released in November 2008, debuted atop the Billboard 200, and included the number-one songs "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)", "If I Were a Boy", and "Halo". "Halo" became Beyoncé\'s longest-running Hot 100 single. The album also featured "Sweet Dreams", "Diva", "Ego", "Broken-Hearted Girl", and "Video Phone". The "Single Ladies" music video was a global phenomenon, winning numerous awards and inspiring a dance craze. Beyoncé embarked on the I Am... World Tour in March 2009, grossing $119.5 million.', 7)
('Beyoncé further expanded her acting career, starring as blues singer Etta James in the 2008 musical biopic, Cadillac Records. Her performance in the film received praise from critics, and she garnered several nominations for her portrayal of James, including a Satellite Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress, and a NAACP Image Award nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress. Beyoncé donated her entire salary from the film to Phoenix House, an organization of rehabilitation centers for heroin addicts around the country. On January 20, 2009, Beyoncé performed James\' "At Last" at the First Couple\'s first inaugural ball. Beyoncé starred opposite Ali Larter and Idris Elba in the thriller, Obsessed. She played Sharon Charles, a mother and wife who learns of a woman\'s obsessive behavior over her husband. Although the film received negative reviews from critics, the movie did well at the US box office, grossing $68 million—$60 million more than Cadillac Records—on a budget of $20 million. The fight scene finale between Sharon and the character played by Ali Larter also won the 2010 MTV Movie Award for Best Fight.', ' Beyoncé starred in "Cadillac Records" as Etta James, receiving critical acclaim and nominations for her performance. She donated her salary to Phoenix House. In "Obsessed," she acted opposite Ali Larter and Idris Elba, portraying a woman whose husband is pursued by an obsessive woman. The film received mixed reviews but was a box office success. Beyoncé\'s fight scene won an MTV Movie Award.', 7)
('At the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards, Beyoncé received ten nominations, including Album of the Year for I Am... Sasha Fierce, Record of the Year for "Halo", and Song of the Year for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)", among others. She tied with Lauryn Hill for most Grammy nominations in a single year by a female artist. In 2010, Beyoncé was featured on Lady Gaga\'s single "Telephone" and its music video. The song topped the US Pop Songs chart, becoming the sixth number-one for both Beyoncé and Gaga, tying them with Mariah Carey for most number-ones since the Nielsen Top 40 airplay chart launched in 1992. "Telephone" received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals.', ' At the 52nd Grammy Awards, Beyoncé received ten nominations, including Album of the Year, Record of the Year, and Song of the Year. She tied with Lauryn Hill for most nominations by a female artist in a year. In 2010, Beyoncé was featured on Lady Gaga\'s single "Telephone," which topped the US Pop Songs chart and became their sixth number-one hit. "Telephone" received a Grammy nomination for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals.', 8)
('Beyoncé announced a hiatus from her music career in January 2010, heeding her mother\'s advice, "to live life, to be inspired by things again". During the break she and her father parted ways as business partners. Beyoncé\'s musical break lasted nine months and saw her visit multiple European cities, the Great Wall of China, the Egyptian pyramids, Australia, English music festivals and various museums and ballet performances.', " In January 2010, Beyoncé took a nine-month break from her music career, following her mother's advice to live life and be inspired. During this time, she traveled to various European cities, the Great Wall of China, the Egyptian pyramids, Australia, English music festivals, and museums and ballet performances. She also ended her business partnership with her father.", 8)
('In 2011, documents obtained by WikiLeaks revealed that Beyoncé was one of many entertainers who performed for the family of Libyan ruler Muammar Gaddafi. Rolling Stone reported that the music industry was urging them to return the money they earned for the concerts; a spokesperson for Beyoncé later confirmed to The Huffington Post that she donated the money to the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund. Later that year she became the first solo female artist to headline the main Pyramid stage at the 2011 Glastonbury Festival in over twenty years, and was named the highest-paid performer in the world per minute.', " In 2011, Beyoncé performed for the Libyan ruler Muammar Gaddafi's family and later donated the earnings to the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund. She became the first solo female artist to headline the main Pyramid stage at the Glastonbury Festival and was named the highest-paid performer in the world per minute.", 8)
('Her fourth studio album 4 was released on June 28, 2011 in the US. 4 sold 310,000 copies in its first week and debuted atop the Billboard 200 chart, giving Beyoncé her fourth consecutive number-one album in the US. The album was preceded by two of its singles "Run the World (Girls)" and "Best Thing I Never Had", which both attained moderate success. The fourth single "Love on Top" was a commercial success in the US. 4 also produced four other singles; "Party", "Countdown", "I Care" and "End of Time". "Eat, Play, Love", a cover story written by Beyoncé for Essence that detailed her 2010 career break, won her a writing award from the New York Association of Black Journalists. In late 2011, she took the stage at New York\'s Roseland Ballroom for four nights of special performances: the 4 Intimate Nights with Beyoncé concerts saw the performance of her 4 album to a standing room only.', ' Beyoncé\'s fourth studio album, 4, was released in June 2011 and debuted atop the Billboard 200 chart. It sold 310,000 copies in its first week and produced seven singles, including "Run the World (Girls)", "Best Thing I Never Had", "Love on Top", "Party", "Countdown", "I Care", and "End of Time". Two of the singles had moderate success, while "Love on Top" was a commercial success in the US. Beyoncé also wrote a cover story for Essence magazine, which won her a writing award from the New York Association of Black Journalists. In late 2011, she performed her 4 album at New York\'s Roseland Ballroom for four nights.', 8)
("On January 7, 2012, Beyoncé gave birth to her first child, a daughter, Blue Ivy Carter, at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York. Five months later, she performed for four nights at Revel Atlantic City's Ovation Hall to celebrate the resort's opening, her first performances since giving birth to Blue Ivy.", " On January 7, 2012, Beyoncé gave birth to her first child, Blue Ivy Carter, at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York. Five months later, she performed for four nights at Revel Atlantic City's Ovation Hall.", 8)
('In January 2013, Destiny\'s Child released Love Songs, a compilation album of the romance-themed songs from their previous albums and a newly recorded track, "Nuclear". Beyoncé performed the American national anthem singing along with a pre-recorded track at President Obama\'s second inauguration in Washington, D.C. The following month, Beyoncé performed at the Super Bowl XLVII halftime show, held at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans. The performance stands as the second most tweeted about moment in history at 268,000 tweets per minute. At the 55th Annual Grammy Awards, Beyoncé won for Best Traditional R&B Performance for "Love on Top". Her feature-length documentary film, Life Is But a Dream, first aired on HBO on February 16, 2013. The film, which she directed and produced herself, featured footage from her childhood, her as a mother and businesswoman, recording, rehearsing for live performances, and her return to the spotlight following Blue Ivy\'s birth. Its DVD release in November 2013 was accompanied by footage from the Revel Presents: Beyoncé Live concerts and a new song, "God Made You Beautiful". In February 2013, Beyoncé signed a global publishing agreement with Warner/Chappell Music, which would cover her future songwriting and then-upcoming studio album.', ' In January 2013, Destiny\'s Child released a compilation album "Love Songs." Beyoncé performed the national anthem at President Obama\'s second inauguration. She sang at the Super Bowl XLVII halftime show, which was the second most tweeted-about moment. At the 55th Grammy Awards, Beyoncé won for Best Traditional R&B Performance. Her documentary "Life Is But a Dream" aired on HBO in February, and its DVD release included new music. Beyoncé signed a publishing deal with Warner/Chappell Music for future songwriting and her upcoming studio album.', 8)
('Beyoncé embarked on The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour on April 15 in Belgrade, Serbia; the tour included 132 dates that ran through to March 2014. It became the most successful tour of her career and one of the most-successful tours of all time. In May, Beyoncé\'s cover of Amy Winehouse\'s "Back to Black" with André 3000 on The Great Gatsby soundtrack was released. She was also honorary chair of the 2013 Met Gala. Beyoncé voiced Queen Tara in the 3D CGI animated film, Epic, released by 20th Century Fox on May 24, and recorded an original song for the film, "Rise Up", co-written with Sia.', ' Beyoncé started The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour in April 2013, with 132 dates ending in March 2014, making it her most successful tour. She released a cover of "Back to Black" with André 3000 for The Great Gatsby soundtrack in May. Beyoncé was the honorary chair of the 2013 Met Gala. She voiced Queen Tara in Epic and sang an original song, "Rise Up," for the film.', 8)
('On December 13, 2013, Beyoncé unexpectedly released her eponymous fifth studio album on the iTunes Store without any prior announcement or promotion. The album debuted atop the Billboard 200 chart, giving Beyoncé her fifth consecutive number-one album in the US. This made her the first woman in the chart\'s history to have her first five studio albums debut at number one. Beyoncé received critical acclaim and commercial success, selling one million digital copies worldwide in six days; The New York Times noted the album\'s unconventional, unexpected release as significant. Musically an electro-R&B album, it concerns darker themes previously unexplored in her work, such as "bulimia, postnatal depression [and] the fears and insecurities of marriage and motherhood". The single "Drunk in Love", featuring Jay Z, peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. In April 2014, after much speculation in the weeks before, Beyoncé and Jay Z officially announced their On the Run Tour. It served as the couple\'s first co-headlining stadium tour together. On August 24, 2014, she received the Video Vanguard Award at the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards. Knowles also took home three competitive awards: Best Video with a Social Message and Best Cinematography for "Pretty Hurts", as well as best collaboration for "Drunk in Love". In November, Forbes reported that Beyoncé was the top-earning woman in music for the second year in a row—earning $115 million in the year, more than double her earnings in 2013. Beyoncé was reissued with new material in three forms: as an extended play, a box set, as well as a full platinum edition.', ' On December 13, 2013, Beyoncé released her fifth studio album unexpectedly on iTunes, debuting atop the Billboard 200 chart. She became the first woman with five number-one albums. The album, an electro-R&B work, explored darker themes and sold one million copies in six days. "Drunk in Love" featuring Jay Z peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100. In April 2014, Beyoncé and Jay Z announced their On the Run Tour. In August, Beyoncé received the Video Vanguard Award and three competitive awards at the MTV Video Music Awards. Forbes named Beyoncé the top-earning woman in music for the second year in a row, earning $115 million. The album was reissued in three forms later in the year.', 8)
('At the 57th Annual Grammy Awards in February 2015, Beyoncé was nominated for six awards, ultimately winning three: Best R&B Performance and Best R&B Song for "Drunk in Love", and Best Surround Sound Album for Beyoncé. She was nominated for Album of the Year but the award was won by Beck for his Morning Phase album. In August, the cover of the September issue of Vogue magazine was unveiled online, Beyoncé as the cover star, becoming the first African-American artist and third African-American woman in general to cover the September issue. She headlined the 2015 Made in America festival in early September and also the Global Citizen Festival later that month. Beyoncé made an uncredited featured appearance on the track "Hymn for the Weekend" by British rock band Coldplay, on their seventh studio album A Head Full of Dreams (2015), which saw release in December. On January 7, 2016, Pepsi announced Beyoncé would perform alongside Coldplay at Super Bowl 50 in February. Knowles has previously performed at four Super Bowl shows throughout her career, serving as the main headliner of the 47th Super Bowl halftime show in 2013.', ' In February 2015, Beyoncé won three Grammy Awards, including for "Drunk in Love". She covered Vogue\'s September issue, headlined two festivals, and made an uncredited appearance on Coldplay\'s "Hymn for the Weekend". In January 2016, she was announced to perform at Super Bowl 50 with Coldplay, making it her fifth Super Bowl performance. She had previously headlined the 2013 Super Bowl halftime show.', 7)
('On February 6, 2016, one day before her performance at the Super Bowl, Beyoncé released a new single exclusively on music streaming service Tidal called "Formation".', ' On February 5, 2016, Beyoncé released a new single, "Formation," on Tidal, the day before her Super Bowl performance.', 9)
('Beyoncé is believed to have first started a relationship with Jay Z after a collaboration on "\'03 Bonnie & Clyde", which appeared on his seventh album The Blueprint 2: The Gift & The Curse (2002). Beyoncé appeared as Jay Z\'s girlfriend in the music video for the song, which would further fuel speculation of their relationship. On April 4, 2008, Beyoncé and Jay Z were married without publicity. As of April 2014, the couple have sold a combined 300 million records together. The couple are known for their private relationship, although they have appeared to become more relaxed in recent years. Beyoncé suffered a miscarriage in 2010 or 2011, describing it as "the saddest thing" she had ever endured. She returned to the studio and wrote music in order to cope with the loss. In April 2011, Beyoncé and Jay Z traveled to Paris in order to shoot the album cover for her 4, and unexpectedly became pregnant in Paris.', ' Beyoncé and Jay Z began dating after collaborating on "03 Bonnie & Clyde" in 2002. They married in secret in 2008. The couple have sold 300 million records together. They have a private relationship but have become more open in recent years. Beyoncé suffered a miscarriage around 2010-2011 and wrote music to cope. The couple unexpectedly became pregnant in Paris while shooting her album cover in 2011.', 7)
('In August, the couple attended the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards, at which Beyoncé performed "Love on Top" and started the performance saying "Tonight I want you to stand up on your feet, I want you to feel the love that\'s growing inside of me". At the end of the performance, she dropped her microphone, unbuttoned her blazer and rubbed her stomach, confirming her pregnancy she had alluded to earlier in the evening. Her appearance helped that year\'s MTV Video Music Awards become the most-watched broadcast in MTV history, pulling in 12.4 million viewers; the announcement was listed in Guinness World Records for "most tweets per second recorded for a single event" on Twitter, receiving 8,868 tweets per second and "Beyonce pregnant" was the most Googled term the week of August 29, 2011.', ' In August 2011, Beyoncé performed at the MTV Video Music Awards, revealing her pregnancy during the show. Her announcement broke records, making it the most-watched MTV broadcast ever with 12.4 million viewers and the most tweeted-about event on Twitter with 8,868 tweets per second. "Beyonce pregnant" was the most searched term that week on Google.', 9)
('On January 7, 2012, Beyoncé gave birth to a daughter, Blue Ivy Carter, at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York under heavy security. Two days later, Jay Z released "Glory", a song dedicated to their child, on his website Lifeandtimes.com. The song detailed the couple\'s pregnancy struggles, including a miscarriage Beyoncé suffered before becoming pregnant with Blue Ivy. Blue Ivy\'s cries are included at the end of the song, and she was officially credited as "B.I.C." on it. At two days old, she became the youngest person ever to appear on a Billboard chart when "Glory" debuted on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.', ' On January 7, 2012, Beyoncé gave birth to a daughter named Blue Ivy Carter at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York. Two days later, Jay Z released a song titled "Glory" on his website, dedicated to their child. The song contained details of their pregnancy struggles, including a previous miscarriage, and Blue Ivy\'s cries were included at the end. At just two days old, Blue Ivy became the youngest person to appear on a Billboard chart when "Glory" debuted on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.', 8)
('Beyoncé and husband Jay Z are friends with President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama. She performed "America the Beautiful" at the 2009 presidential inauguration, as well as "At Last" during the first inaugural dance at the Neighborhood Ball two days later. Beyoncé and Jay Z held a fundraiser at the latter\'s 40/40 Club in Manhattan for Obama\'s 2012 presidential campaign which raised $4 million. Beyoncé uploaded pictures of her paper ballot on Tumblr, confirming she had voted in support for the Democratic Party and to encourage others to do so. She also performed the American national anthem at his second inauguration, singing along with a pre-recorded track. She publicly endorsed same sex marriage on March 26, 2013, after the Supreme Court debate on California\'s Proposition 8. In July 2013, Beyoncé and Jay-Z attended a rally in response to the acquittal of George Zimmerman for the shooting of Trayvon Martin.', " Beyoncé and Jay Z have a friendship with the Obamas. She performed at Barack Obama's inaugurations and held a fundraiser for his campaign. Beyoncé publicly supported the Democratic Party and same-sex marriage. She sang the national anthem at Obama's second inauguration. In 2013, they attended a rally in response to the George Zimmerman acquittal.", 7)
('In an interview published by Vogue in April 2013, Beyoncé was asked if she considers herself a feminist, to which she said, "that word can be very extreme... But I guess I am a modern-day feminist. I do believe in equality". She would later align herself more publicly with the movement, sampling "We should all be feminists", a speech delivered by Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie at a TEDxEuston conference in April 2013, in her song "Flawless", released later that year. She has also contributed to the Ban Bossy campaign, which uses television and social media to encourage leadership in girls.', ' In an interview with Vogue in 2013, Beyoncé identified as a modern-day feminist. She later publicly supported the movement by sampling a Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie speech in her song "Flawless." Beyoncé also contributed to the Ban Bossy campaign, which promotes leadership in girls.', 8)
('In 2015 Beyoncé signed an open letter which the ONE Campaign had been collecting signatures for; the letter was addressed to Angela Merkel and Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, urging them to focus on women as they serve as the head of the G7 in Germany and the AU in South Africa respectively, which will start to set the priorities in development funding before a main UN summit in September 2015 that will establish new development goals for the generation.', ' In 2015, Beyoncé signed an open letter organized by the ONE Campaign, urging Angela Merkel and Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma to prioritize women in development funding as they led the G7 in Germany and the AU in South Africa, respectively, before the UN summit in September 2015 that established new development goals.', 8)
("Following the death of Freddie Gray, Beyoncé and Jay-Z, among other notable figures, met with his family. After the imprisonment of protesters of Gray's death, Beyoncé and Jay-Z donated thousands of dollars to bail them out.", " Beyoncé and Jay-Z met with Freddie Gray's family and donated money to bail out protesters imprisoned for demonstrating his death.", 8)
('Forbes magazine began reporting on Beyoncé\'s earnings in 2008, calculating that the $80 million earned between June 2007 to June 2008, for her music, tour, films and clothing line made her the world\'s best-paid music personality at the time, above Madonna and Celine Dion. They placed her fourth on the Celebrity 100 list in 2009 and ninth on the "Most Powerful Women in the World" list in 2010. The following year, Forbes placed her eighth on the "Best-Paid Celebrities Under 30" list, having earned $35 million in the past year for her clothing line and endorsement deals. In 2012, Forbes placed Beyoncé at number 16 on the Celebrity 100 list, twelve places lower than three years ago yet still having earned $40 million in the past year for her album 4, clothing line and endorsement deals. In the same year, Beyoncé and Jay Z placed at number one on the "World\'s Highest-Paid Celebrity Couples", for collectively earning $78 million. The couple made it into the previous year\'s Guinness World Records as the "highest-earning power couple" for collectively earning $122 million in 2009. For the years 2009 to 2011, Beyoncé earned an average of $70 million per year, and earned $40 million in 2012. In 2013, Beyoncé\'s endorsements of Pepsi and H&M made her and Jay Z the world\'s first billion dollar couple in the music industry. That year, Beyoncé was published as the fourth most-powerful celebrity in the Forbes rankings. MTV estimated that by the end of 2014, Beyoncé would become the highest-paid black musician in history; she succeeded to do so in April 2014. In June 2014, Beyoncé ranked at #1 on the Forbes Celebrity 100 list, earning an estimated $115 million throughout June 2013 – June 2014. This in turn was the first time she had topped the Celebrity 100 list as well as being her highest yearly earnings to date. As of May 2015, her net worth is estimated to be $250 million.', " Forbes reported Beyoncé as the world's best-paid music personality in 2008, earning $80 million. She was on various Forbes lists from 2009 to 2012, earning $70 million annually from 2009 to 2011 and $40 million in 2012. In 2012, she and Jay Z were the highest-paid celebrity couple, earning $78 million. Beyoncé earned $115 million in 2014, becoming the highest-paid black musician in history and topping the Forbes Celebrity 100 list. Her net worth was estimated to be $250 million as of May 2015.", 7)
('Beyoncé\'s vocal range spans four octaves. Jody Rosen highlights her tone and timbre as particularly distinctive, describing her voice as "one of the most compelling instruments in popular music". While another critic says she is a "Vocal acrobat, being able to sing long and complex melismas and vocal runs effortlessly, and in key. Her vocal abilities mean she is identified as the centerpiece of Destiny\'s Child. The Daily Mail calls Beyoncé\'s voice "versatile", capable of exploring power ballads, soul, rock belting, operatic flourishes, and hip hop. Jon Pareles of The New York Times commented that her voice is "velvety yet tart, with an insistent flutter and reserves of soul belting". Rosen notes that the hip hop era highly influenced Beyoncé\'s strange rhythmic vocal style, but also finds her quite traditionalist in her use of balladry, gospel and falsetto. Other critics praise her range and power, with Chris Richards of The Washington Post saying she was "capable of punctuating any beat with goose-bump-inducing whispers or full-bore diva-roars."', " Beyoncé's vocal range covers four octaves. Her distinctive tone and timbre make her one of the most compelling instruments in popular music. She is known for her vocal acrobatics, singing complex melismas and runs with ease. Her versatile voice can handle power ballads, soul, rock, operatic flourishes, and hip hop. Critics describe her voice as velvety yet tart, with an insistent flutter and soul belting. Her rhythmic vocal style is influenced by the hip hop era, but she also uses traditional ballads, gospel, and falsetto. Critics praise her range and power, with the ability to deliver goose-bump-inducing whispers or full-bore diva-roars.", 8)
("Beyoncé's music is generally R&B, but she also incorporates pop, soul and funk into her songs. 4 demonstrated Beyoncé's exploration of 90s-style R&B, as well as further use of soul and hip hop than compared to previous releases. While she almost exclusively releases English songs, Beyoncé recorded several Spanish songs for Irreemplazable (re-recordings of songs from B'Day for a Spanish-language audience), and the re-release of B'Day. To record these, Beyoncé was coached phonetically by American record producer Rudy Perez.", " Beyoncé's music is a blend of R&B, pop, soul, and funk. Her fourth album showcased more 90s-style R&B and soul, as well as hip hop influences. She has recorded Spanish songs for Spanish-speaking audiences, learning the language phonetically with producer Rudy Perez.", 8)
('She has received co-writing credits for most of the songs recorded with Destiny\'s Child and her solo efforts. Her early songs were personally driven and female-empowerment themed compositions like "Independent Women" and "Survivor", but after the start of her relationship with Jay Z she transitioned to more man-tending anthems such as "Cater 2 U". Beyoncé has also received co-producing credits for most of the records in which she has been involved, especially during her solo efforts. However, she does not formulate beats herself, but typically comes up with melodies and ideas during production, sharing them with producers.', " Beyoncé has co-written and co-produced most of Destiny's Child songs and her solo works. Her early compositions focused on female empowerment, while later ones were man-centric. She contributes melodies and ideas during production but does not create beats.", 7)
('In 2001, she became the first African-American woman and second woman songwriter to win the Pop Songwriter of the Year award at the American Society of Composers, Authors, and Publishers Pop Music Awards. Beyoncé was the third woman to have writing credits on three number one songs ("Irreplaceable", "Grillz" and "Check on It") in the same year, after Carole King in 1971 and Mariah Carey in 1991. She is tied with American songwriter Diane Warren at third with nine songwriting credits on number-one singles. (The latter wrote her 9/11-motivated song "I Was Here" for 4.) In May 2011, Billboard magazine listed Beyoncé at number 17 on their list of the "Top 20 Hot 100 Songwriters", for having co-written eight singles that hit number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. She was one of only three women on that list.', ' In 2001, Beyoncé became the first African-American woman and second woman to win Pop Songwriter of the Year award at the ASCAP Pop Music Awards. She had writing credits on three number one songs that year, tying her with Carole King (1971) and Mariah Carey (1991). Beyoncé has nine number-one singles as a songwriter, tied with Diane Warren. In 2011, Billboard listed Beyoncé as number 17 on their Hot 100 Songwriters list, having co-written eight number-one singles on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. She was one of three women on the list.', 8)
('Beyoncé names Michael Jackson as her major musical influence. Aged five, Beyoncé attended her first ever concert where Jackson performed and she claims to have realised her purpose. When she presented him with a tribute award at the World Music Awards in 2006, Beyoncé said, "if it wasn\'t for Michael Jackson, I would never ever have performed." She admires Diana Ross as an "all-around entertainer" and Whitney Houston, who she said "inspired me to get up there and do what she did." She credits Mariah Carey\'s singing and her song "Vision of Love" as influencing her to begin practicing vocal runs as a child. Her other musical influences include Aaliyah, Prince, Lauryn Hill, Sade Adu, Donna Summer, Mary J. Blige, Janet Jackson, Anita Baker and Rachelle Ferrell.', ' Beyoncé cites Michael Jackson as her biggest musical influence. She attended his concert at age five and discovered her purpose. At the World Music Awards in 2006, she presented him with a tribute award, stating that without him, she wouldn\'t have performed. Beyoncé admires Diana Ross as an all-around entertainer and Whitney Houston inspired her to perform. She credits Mariah Carey\'s singing and "Vision of Love" for influencing her to practice vocal runs as a child. Other musical influences include Aaliyah, Prince, Lauryn Hill, Sade Adu, Donna Summer, Mary J. Blige, Janet Jackson, Anita Baker, and Rachelle Ferrell.', 8)
('The feminism and female empowerment themes on Beyoncé\'s second solo album B\'Day were inspired by her role in Dreamgirls and by singer Josephine Baker. Beyoncé paid homage to Baker by performing "Déjà Vu" at the 2006 Fashion Rocks concert wearing Baker\'s trademark mini-hula skirt embellished with fake bananas. Beyoncé\'s third solo album I Am... Sasha Fierce was inspired by Jay Z and especially by Etta James, whose "boldness" inspired Beyoncé to explore other musical genres and styles. Her fourth solo album, 4, was inspired by Fela Kuti, 1990s R&B, Earth, Wind & Fire, DeBarge, Lionel Richie, Teena Marie with additional influences by The Jackson 5, New Edition, Adele, Florence and the Machine, and Prince.', " Beyoncé's second album BDay drew inspiration from her role in Dreamgirls and singer Josephine Baker. She paid tribute to Baker during a 2006 performance wearing her signature mini-hula skirt. Her third album, I Am... Sasha Fierce, was influenced by Jay Z and Etta James. Her fourth album, 4, was inspired by Fela Kuti, 1990s R&B, Earth, Wind & Fire, DeBarge, Lionel Richie, Teena Marie, The Jackson 5, New Edition, Adele, Florence and the Machine, and Prince.", 7)
('Beyoncé has stated that she is personally inspired by US First Lady Michelle Obama, saying "She proves you can do it all" and she has described Oprah Winfrey as "the definition of inspiration and a strong woman". She has also discussed how Jay Z is a continuing inspiration to her, both with what she describes as his lyrical genius and in the obstacles he has overcome in his life. Beyoncé has expressed admiration for the artist Jean-Michel Basquiat, posting in a letter "what I find in the work of Jean-Michel Basquiat, I search for in every day in music... he is lyrical and raw". In February 2013, Beyoncé said that Madonna inspired her to take control of her own career. She commented: "I think about Madonna and how she took all of the great things she achieved and started the label and developed other artists. But there are not enough of those women.".', ' Beyoncé finds inspiration from Michelle Obama, Oprah Winfrey, Jay Z, and Jean-Michel Basquiat. She admires Michelle and Oprah for their achievements, Jay Z for his lyrical genius and personal obstacles, and Basquiat for his lyrical and raw art. Madonna inspired her to take control of her own career and develop other artists.', 8)
('In 2006, Beyoncé introduced her all-female tour band Suga Mama (also the name of a song in B\'Day) which includes bassists, drummers, guitarists, horn players, keyboardists and percussionists. Her background singers, The Mamas, consist of Montina Cooper-Donnell, Crystal Collins and Tiffany Moniqué Riddick. They made their debut appearance at the 2006 BET Awards and re-appeared in the music videos for "Irreplaceable" and "Green Light". The band have supported Beyoncé in most subsequent live performances, including her 2007 concert tour The Beyoncé Experience, 2009–2010 I Am... World Tour and 2013–2014 The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour.', ' In 2006, Beyoncé formed her all-female band Suga Mama, consisting of bassists, drummers, guitarists, horn players, keyboardists, and percussionists. The Mamas, her background singers, joined her, with members Montina Cooper-Donnell, Crystal Collins, and Tiffany Moniqué Riddick. They debuted at the 2006 BET Awards and appeared in "Irreplaceable" and "Green Light" music videos. Suga Mama and The Mamas have supported Beyoncé in various live performances, including The Beyoncé Experience (2007), I Am... World Tour (2009-2010), and The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour (2013-2014).', 8)
('Beyoncé has received praise for her stage presence and voice during live performances. Jarett Wieselman of the New York Post placed her at number one on her list of the Five Best Singer/Dancers. According to Barbara Ellen of The Guardian Beyoncé is the most in-charge female artist she\'s seen onstage, while Alice Jones of The Independent wrote she "takes her role as entertainer so seriously she\'s almost too good." The ex-President of Def Jam L.A. Reid has described Beyoncé as the greatest entertainer alive. Jim Farber of the Daily News and Stephanie Classen of Star Phoenix both praised her strong voice and her stage presence.', ' Beyoncé has been highly praised for her strong voice and stage presence by various critics, including Jarett Wieselman (New York Post), Barbara Ellen (The Guardian), Alice Jones (The Independent), Jim Farber (Daily News), and Stephanie Classen (Star Phoenix). She has been described as the best singer/dancer, the most in-charge female artist, and the greatest entertainer alive.', 8)
('Described as being "sexy, seductive and provocative" when performing on stage, Beyoncé has said that she originally created the alter ego "Sasha Fierce" to keep that stage persona separate from who she really is. She described Sasha as being "too aggressive, too strong, too sassy [and] too sexy", stating, "I\'m not like her in real life at all." Sasha was conceived during the making of "Crazy in Love", and Beyoncé introduced her with the release of her 2008 album I Am... Sasha Fierce. In February 2010, she announced in an interview with Allure magazine that she was comfortable enough with herself to no longer need Sasha Fierce. However, Beyoncé announced in May 2012 that she would bring her back for her Revel Presents: Beyoncé Live shows later that month.', ' Singer Beyoncé created alter ego "Sasha Fierce" for stage persona, described as "sexy, seductive, and provocative." Conceived during "Crazy in Love" making, introduced with 2008 album I Am... Sasha Fierce. Beyoncé announced she no longer needed Sasha in 2010, but brought her back for 2012 Revel Presents: Beyoncé Live shows.', 7)
('Beyoncé has been described as a having a wide-ranging sex appeal, with music journalist Touré writing that since the release of Dangerously in Love, she has "become a crossover sex symbol". Offstage Beyoncé says that while she likes to dress sexily, her onstage dress "is absolutely for the stage." Due to her curves and the term\'s catchiness, in the 2000s, the media often used the term "Bootylicious" (a portmanteau of the words booty and delicious) to describe Beyoncé, the term popularized by Destiny\'s Child\'s single of the same name. In 2006, it was added to the Oxford English Dictionary.', ' Beyoncé described as crossover sex symbol since Dangerously in Love release. Offstage dresses modestly, onstage attire for stage. Media used term "Bootylicious" to describe her in 2000s, popularized by Destiny\'s Child single. Term added to Oxford English Dictionary in 2006.', 7)
('In September 2010, Beyoncé made her runway modelling debut at Tom Ford\'s Spring/Summer 2011 fashion show. She was named "World\'s Most Beautiful Woman" by People and the "Hottest Female Singer of All Time" by Complex in 2012. In January 2013, GQ placed her on its cover, featuring her atop its "100 Sexiest Women of the 21st Century" list. VH1 listed her at number 1 on its 100 Sexiest Artists list. Several wax figures of Beyoncé are found at Madame Tussauds Wax Museums in major cities around the world, including New York, Washington, D.C., Amsterdam, Bangkok, Hollywood and Sydney.', ' In September 2010, Beyoncé made her runway modelling debut at Tom Ford\'s Spring/Summer 2011 fashion show. She was named "World\'s Most Beautiful Woman" by People and "Hottest Female Singer of All Time" by Complex in 2012. In January 2013, GQ placed her on its cover as one of the "100 Sexiest Women of the 21st Century." VH1 listed her at number 1 on its "100 Sexiest Artists" list. There are several wax figures of Beyoncé at Madame Tussauds Wax Museums in major cities including New York, Washington D.C., Amsterdam, Bangkok, Hollywood, and Sydney.', 8)
("According to Italian fashion designer Roberto Cavalli, Beyoncé uses different fashion styles to work with her music while performing. Her mother co-wrote a book, published in 2002, titled Destiny's Style an account of how fashion had an impact on the trio's success. The B'Day Anthology Video Album showed many instances of fashion-oriented footage, depicting classic to contemporary wardrobe styles. In 2007, Beyoncé was featured on the cover of the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue, becoming the second African American woman after Tyra Banks, and People magazine recognized Beyoncé as the best-dressed celebrity.", ' Italian designer Roberto Cavalli stated that Beyoncé incorporates various fashion styles into her music performances. Her mother authored a book, "Destiny\'s Style," published in 2002, detailing fashion\'s role in the trio\'s success. The BDay Anthology Video Album showcased fashion-focused footage, ranging from classic to contemporary styles. In 2007, Beyoncé graced the cover of Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue, making her the second African American woman to do so after Tyra Banks. People magazine named Beyoncé the best-dressed celebrity.', 8)
('The Bey Hive is the name given to Beyoncé\'s fan base. Fans were previously titled "The Beyontourage", (a portmanteau of Beyoncé and entourage). The name Bey Hive derives from the word beehive, purposely misspelled to resemble her first name, and was penned by fans after petitions on the online social networking service Twitter and online news reports during competitions.', ' The fan base of Beyoncé is called the Bey Hive. The name was changed from "The Beyontourage" and was inspired by the word "beehive," misspelled to resemble Beyoncé\'s name, and was coined by fans through petitions and online reports during competitions.', 8)
('In 2006, the animal rights organization People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), criticized Beyoncé for wearing and using fur in her clothing line House of Deréon. In 2011, she appeared on the cover of French fashion magazine L\'Officiel, in blackface and tribal makeup that drew criticism from the media. A statement released from a spokesperson for the magazine said that Beyoncé\'s look was "far from the glamorous Sasha Fierce" and that it was "a return to her African roots".', ' In 2006, PETA criticized Beyoncé for using fur in her clothing line. In 2011, she faced criticism for wearing blackface and tribal makeup on the cover of LOfficiel magazine. The magazine defended the look as a "return to her African roots."', 7)
('Beyoncé\'s lighter skin color and costuming has drawn criticism from some in the African-American community. Emmett Price, a professor of music at Northeastern University, wrote in 2007, that he thinks race plays a role in many of these criticisms, saying white celebrities who dress similarly do not attract as many comments. In 2008, L\'Oréal was accused of whitening her skin in their Feria hair color advertisements, responding that "it is categorically untrue", and in 2013, Beyoncé herself criticized H&M for their proposed "retouching" of promotional images of her, and according to Vogue requested that only "natural pictures be used".', " Beyoncé has faced criticism from some in the African-American community regarding her lighter skin tone and costuming. Emmett Price, a professor, believed race was a factor in these criticisms. In 2008, L'Oréal was accused of whitening Beyoncé's skin in advertisements, which they denied. In 2013, Beyoncé criticized H&M for proposed retouching of promotional images and requested only natural pictures be used.", 8)
('In The New Yorker music critic Jody Rosen described Beyoncé as "the most important and compelling popular musician of the twenty-first century..... the result, the logical end point, of a century-plus of pop." When The Guardian named her Artist of the Decade, Llewyn-Smith wrote, "Why Beyoncé? [...] Because she made not one but two of the decade\'s greatest singles, with Crazy in Love and Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It), not to mention her hits with Destiny\'s Child; and this was the decade when singles – particularly R&B singles – regained their status as pop\'s favourite medium. [...] [She] and not any superannuated rock star was arguably the greatest live performer of the past 10 years." In 2013, Beyoncé made the Time 100 list, Baz Luhrmann writing "no one has that voice, no one moves the way she moves, no one can hold an audience the way she does... When Beyoncé does an album, when Beyoncé sings a song, when Beyoncé does anything, it\'s an event, and it\'s broadly influential. Right now, she is the heir-apparent diva of the USA — the reigning national voice." In 2014, Beyoncé was listed again on the Time 100 and also featured on the cover of the issue.', ' Jody Rosen named Beyoncé the most important and compelling popular musician of the 21st century. The Guardian named her Artist of the Decade for making two of the decade\'s greatest singles, "Crazy in Love" and "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)," and being the greatest live performer of the past 10 years. Beyoncé made the Time 100 list in 2013, with Baz Luhrmann stating her voice, movements, and ability to hold an audience make her an event and broadly influential. She was listed again on the Time 100 and featured on the cover in 2014.', 8)
("Beyoncé's work has influenced numerous artists including Adele, Ariana Grande, Lady Gaga, Bridgit Mendler, Rihanna, Kelly Rowland, Sam Smith, Meghan Trainor, Nicole Scherzinger, Rita Ora, Zendaya, Cheryl Cole, JoJo, Alexis Jordan, Jessica Sanchez, and Azealia Banks. American indie rock band White Rabbits also cited her an inspiration for their third album Milk Famous (2012), friend Gwyneth Paltrow studied Beyoncé at her live concerts while learning to become a musical performer for the 2010 film Country Strong. Nicki Minaj has stated that seeing Beyoncé's Pepsi commercial influenced her decision to appear in the company's 2012 global campaign.", ' Beyoncé has influenced various artists such as Adele, Ariana Grande, Lady Gaga, Bridgit Mendler, Rihanna, Kelly Rowland, Sam Smith, Meghan Trainor, Nicole Scherzinger, Rita Ora, Zendaya, Cheryl Cole, JoJo, Alexis Jordan, Jessica Sanchez, Azealia Banks, and White Rabbits. Gwyneth Paltrow studied Beyoncé at her concerts while preparing for her musical role in "Country Strong" (2010). Nicki Minaj was inspired by Beyoncé\'s Pepsi commercial to join their 2012 global campaign.', 8)
('Her debut single, "Crazy in Love" was named VH1\'s "Greatest Song of the 2000s", NME\'s "Best Track of the 00s" and "Pop Song of the Century", considered by Rolling Stone to be one of the 500 greatest songs of all time, earned two Grammy Awards and is one of the best-selling singles of all time at around 8 million copies. The music video for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)", which achieved fame for its intricate choreography and its deployment of jazz hands, was credited by the Toronto Star as having started the "first major dance craze of both the new millennium and the Internet", triggering a number of parodies of the dance choreography and a legion of amateur imitators on YouTube. In 2013, Drake released a single titled "Girls Love Beyoncé", which featured an interpolation from Destiny Child\'s "Say My Name" and discussed his relationship with women. In January 2012, research scientist Bryan Lessard named Scaptia beyonceae, a species of horse fly found in Northern Queensland, Australia after Beyoncé due to the fly\'s unique golden hairs on its abdomen. In July 2014, a Beyoncé exhibit was introduced into the "Legends of Rock" section of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. The black leotard from the "Single Ladies" video and her outfit from the Super Bowl half time performance are among several pieces housed at the museum.', ' Beyoncé\'s debut single "Crazy in Love" is one of the greatest songs of the 2000s, earned two Grammy Awards, and is one of the best-selling singles of all time. Her music video for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" started a dance craze and triggered numerous parodies. In 2013, Drake released a single "Girls Love Beyoncé" with an interpolation from "Say My Name." A horse fly species was named Scaptia beyonceae in her honor in 2012. In 2014, a Beyoncé exhibit was introduced into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, featuring items from her "Single Ladies" video and Super Bowl performance.', 7)
('Beyoncé has received numerous awards. As a solo artist she has sold over 15 million albums in the US, and over 118 million records worldwide (a further 60 million additionally with Destiny\'s Child), making her one of the best-selling music artists of all time. The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) listed Beyoncé as the top certified artist of the 2000s, with a total of 64 certifications. Her songs "Crazy in Love", "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)", "Halo", and "Irreplaceable" are some of the best-selling singles of all time worldwide. In 2009, The Observer named her the Artist of the Decade and Billboard named her the Top Female Artist and Top Radio Songs Artist of the Decade. In 2010, Billboard named her in their "Top 50 R&B/Hip-Hop Artists of the Past 25 Years" list at number 15. In 2012 VH1 ranked her third on their list of the "100 Greatest Women in Music". Beyoncé was the first female artist to be honored with the International Artist Award at the American Music Awards. She has also received the Legend Award at the 2008 World Music Awards and the Billboard Millennium Award at the 2011 Billboard Music Awards.', ' Beyoncé is a highly successful music artist with over 15 million albums sold in the US and over 178 million records sold worldwide. She holds 64 RIAA certifications, making her the top certified artist of the 2000s. Several of her songs, including "Crazy in Love," "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)," "Halo," and "Irreplaceable," are among the best-selling singles of all time. Beyoncé was named Artist of the Decade by The Observer and Billboard, and has received numerous other accolades, including recognition from Billboard\'s Top 50 R&B/Hip-Hop Artists of the Past 25 Years and VH1\'s 100 Greatest Women in Music. She has received awards from the American Music Awards, World Music Awards, and Billboard Music Awards.', 7)
('Beyoncé has won 20 Grammy Awards, both as a solo artist and member of Destiny\'s Child, making her the second most honored female artist by the Grammys, behind Alison Krauss and the most nominated woman in Grammy Award history with 52 nominations. "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" won Song of the Year in 2010 while "Say My Name" and "Crazy in Love" had previously won Best R&B Song. Dangerously in Love, B\'Day and I Am... Sasha Fierce have all won Best Contemporary R&B Album. Beyoncé set the record for the most Grammy awards won by a female artist in one night in 2010 when she won six awards, breaking the tie she previously held with Alicia Keys, Norah Jones, Alison Krauss, and Amy Winehouse, with Adele equaling this in 2012. Following her role in Dreamgirls she was nominated for Best Original Song for "Listen" and Best Actress at the Golden Globe Awards, and Outstanding Actress in a Motion Picture at the NAACP Image Awards. Beyoncé won two awards at the Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards 2006; Best Song for "Listen" and Best Original Soundtrack for Dreamgirls: Music from the Motion Picture.', ' Beyoncé holds the record for the second most Grammy Awards won by a female artist (20) and most Grammy nominations (52). Her songs "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)", "Say My Name", and "Crazy in Love" have won Grammy Awards. Her albums "Dangerously in Love", "BDay", and "I Am... Sasha Fierce" have won Best Contemporary R&B Album. Beyoncé set a record for most Grammy awards won by a female artist in one night with six awards in 2010. She was nominated for awards at the Golden Globes and NAACP Image Awards for her role in Dreamgirls. Beyoncé won two awards at the Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards for "Listen" and Dreamgirls: Music from the Motion Picture.', 8)
("Beyoncé has worked with Pepsi since 2002, and in 2004 appeared in a Gladiator-themed commercial with Britney Spears, Pink, and Enrique Iglesias. In 2012, Beyoncé signed a $50 million deal to endorse Pepsi. The Center for Science in the Public Interest (CSPINET) wrote Beyoncé an open letter asking her to reconsider the deal because of the unhealthiness of the product and to donate the proceeds to a medical organisation. Nevertheless, NetBase found that Beyoncé's campaign was the most talked about endorsement in April 2013, with a 70 per cent positive audience response to the commercial and print ads.", " Beyoncé has worked with Pepsi since 2002 and endorsed the brand with commercial appearances in 2004 and 2012, signing a $50 million deal in the latter year. The Center for Science in the Public Interest urged Beyoncé to reconsider the deal due to health concerns and requested she donate the earnings to a medical organization. Despite this, Beyoncé's Pepsi campaign was the most discussed endorsement in April 2013, with a 70% positive audience response.", 8)
('Beyoncé has worked with Tommy Hilfiger for the fragrances True Star (singing a cover version of "Wishing on a Star") and True Star Gold; she also promoted Emporio Armani\'s Diamonds fragrance in 2007. Beyoncé launched her first official fragrance, Heat in 2010. The commercial, which featured the 1956 song "Fever", was shown after the water shed in the United Kingdom as it begins with an image of Beyoncé appearing to lie naked in a room. In February 2011, Beyoncé launched her second fragrance, Heat Rush. Beyoncé\'s third fragrance, Pulse, was launched in September 2011. In 2013, The Mrs. Carter Show Limited Edition version of Heat was released. The six editions of Heat are the world\'s best-selling celebrity fragrance line, with sales of over $400 million.', ' Beyoncé has collaborated with various fashion brands for fragrances, including Tommy Hilfiger for True Star and True Star Gold, Emporio Armani Diamonds, and her own line, Heat (with six editions and sales over $400 million), Heat Rush, and Pulse. She launched her first official fragrance, Heat, in 2010, and subsequent fragrances followed. Some commercials featured racy imagery.', 8)
("The release of a video-game Starpower: Beyoncé was cancelled after Beyoncé pulled out of a $100 million with GateFive who alleged the cancellation meant the sacking of 70 staff and millions of pounds lost in development. It was settled out of court by her lawyers in June 2013 who said that they had cancelled because GateFive had lost its financial backers. Beyoncé also has had deals with American Express, Nintendo DS and L'Oréal since the age of 18.", ' Beyoncé cancelled the release of her video game "Starpower" with GateFive in 2013, resulting in the termination of 70 staff and significant financial losses. The case was settled out of court, with Beyoncé\'s lawyers stating that the cancellation was due to GateFive losing its financial backers. Beyoncé has had business deals with American Express, Nintendo DS, and LOréal since she was 18.', 7)
('In October 2014, it was announced that Beyoncé with her management company Parkwood Entertainment would be partnering with London-based fashion retailer Topshop, in a new 50/50 split subsidiary business named Parkwood Topshop Athletic Ltd. The new division was created for Topshop to break into the activewear market, with an athletic, street wear brand being produced. "Creating a partnership with Beyoncé, one of the most hard-working and talented people in the world, who spends many hours of her life dancing, rehearsing and training is a unique opportunity to develop this category" stated Sir Philip Green on the partnership. The company and collection is set to launch and hit stores in the fall of 2015.', " In October 2014, Beyoncé's management company, Parkwood Entertainment, formed a 50/50 split subsidiary business, Parkwood Topshop Athletic Ltd, with London-based fashion retailer Topshop. The new division aims to produce an athletic, street wear brand for Topshop's entry into the activewear market. Beyoncé, described as hard-working and talented, will be involved in the development of the collection. The launch is scheduled for fall 2015.", 8)
('On March 30, 2015, it was announced that Beyoncé is a co-owner, with various other music artists, in the music streaming service Tidal. The service specialises in lossless audio and high definition music videos. Beyoncé\'s husband Jay Z acquired the parent company of Tidal, Aspiro, in the first quarter of 2015. Including Beyoncé and Jay-Z, sixteen artist stakeholders (such as Kanye West, Rihanna, Madonna, Chris Martin, Nicki Minaj and more) co-own Tidal, with the majority owning a 3% equity stake. The idea of having an all artist owned streaming service was created by those involved to adapt to the increased demand for streaming within the current music industry, and to rival other streaming services such as Spotify, which have been criticised for their low payout of royalties. "The challenge is to get everyone to respect music again, to recognize its value", stated Jay-Z on the release of Tidal.', ' On March 30, 2015, Beyoncé and 16 other artists, including Jay-Z, Kanye West, Rihanna, Madonna, Chris Martin, and Nicki Minaj, became co-owners of Tidal, a music streaming service specializing in lossless audio and high definition music videos. Jay-Z had acquired the parent company, Aspiro, in the first quarter of 2015. The artists created Tidal to adapt to the music industry\'s shift towards streaming and to challenge services like Spotify, which have faced criticism for low royalty payouts. Jay-Z stated, "The challenge is to get everyone to respect music again, to recognize its value."', 8)
("Beyoncé and her mother introduced House of Deréon, a contemporary women's fashion line, in 2005. The concept is inspired by three generations of women in their family, the name paying tribute to Beyoncé's grandmother, Agnèz Deréon, a respected seamstress. According to Tina, the overall style of the line best reflects her and Beyoncé's taste and style. Beyoncé and her mother founded their family's company Beyond Productions, which provides the licensing and brand management for House of Deréon, and its junior collection, Deréon. House of Deréon pieces were exhibited in Destiny's Child's shows and tours, during their Destiny Fulfilled era. The collection features sportswear, denim offerings with fur, outerwear and accessories that include handbags and footwear, and are available at department and specialty stores across the US and Canada.", " In 2005, Beyoncé and her mother launched House of Deréon, a women's fashion line inspired by three generations of women in their family, named after Beyoncé's grandmother Agnèz Deréon. The company, Beyond Productions, manages the licensing and branding for House of Deréon and its junior collection, Deréon. The line includes sportswear, denim, outerwear, accessories, and was showcased in Destiny's Child tours. House of Deréon pieces are available at US and Canadian department and specialty stores.", 8)
('In 2005, Beyoncé teamed up with House of Brands, a shoe company, to produce a range of footwear for House of Deréon. In January 2008, Starwave Mobile launched Beyoncé Fashion Diva, a "high-style" mobile game with a social networking component, featuring the House of Deréon collection. In July 2009, Beyoncé and her mother launched a new junior apparel label, Sasha Fierce for Deréon, for back-to-school selling. The collection included sportswear, outerwear, handbags, footwear, eyewear, lingerie and jewelry. It was available at department stores including Macy\'s and Dillard\'s, and specialty stores Jimmy Jazz and Against All Odds. On May 27, 2010, Beyoncé teamed up with clothing store C&A to launch Deréon by Beyoncé at their stores in Brazil. The collection included tailored blazers with padded shoulders, little black dresses, embroidered tops and shirts and bandage dresses.', ' In 2005, Beyoncé collaborated with House of Brands to create a House of Deréon footwear line. In 2008, a mobile game "Beyoncé Fashion Diva" was launched, featuring the House of Deréon collection. In 2009, Beyoncé and her mother introduced Sasha Fierce for Deréon, a junior apparel label, with a wide range of products. The collection was sold at Macys, Dillards, Jimmy Jazz, and Against All Odds. In 2010, Beyoncé partnered with C&A to launch Deréon by Beyoncé in their Brazilian stores. The collection included tailored blazers, little black dresses, embroidered tops, shirts, bandage dresses, and more.', 8)
('In October 2014, Beyoncé signed a deal to launch an activewear line of clothing with British fashion retailer Topshop. The 50-50 venture is called Parkwood Topshop Athletic Ltd and is scheduled to launch its first dance, fitness and sports ranges in autumn 2015. The line will launch in April 2016.', ' In October 2014, Beyoncé partnered with Topshop to create a 50-50 activewear line named Parkwood Topshop Athletic Ltd. The line, which includes dance, fitness, and sports clothing, is set to debut in autumn 2015, with an initial release in April 2016.', 7)
('After Hurricane Katrina in 2005, Beyoncé and Rowland founded the Survivor Foundation to provide transitional housing for victims in the Houston area, to which Beyoncé contributed an initial $250,000. The foundation has since expanded to work with other charities in the city, and also provided relief following Hurricane Ike three years later.', ' In 2005, after Hurricane Katrina, Beyoncé and Rowland established the Survivor Foundation, contributing an initial $250,000 for transitional housing in Houston. The foundation has since collaborated with other charities in the city and offered aid following Hurricane Ike in 2008.', 9)
('Beyoncé participated in George Clooney and Wyclef Jean\'s Hope for Haiti Now: A Global Benefit for Earthquake Relief telethon and was named the official face of the limited edition CFDA "Fashion For Haiti" T-shirt, made by Theory which raised a total of $1 million. On March 5, 2010, Beyoncé and her mother Tina opened the Beyoncé Cosmetology Center at the Brooklyn Phoenix House, offering a seven-month cosmetology training course for men and women. In April 2011, Beyoncé joined forces with US First Lady Michelle Obama and the National Association of Broadcasters Education Foundation, to help boost the latter\'s campaign against child obesity by reworking her single "Get Me Bodied". Following the death of Osama bin Laden, Beyoncé released her cover of the Lee Greenwood song "God Bless the USA", as a charity single to help raise funds for the New York Police and Fire Widows\' and Children\'s Benefit Fund.', ' Beyoncé took part in a telethon for Haiti earthquake relief, became the face of a CFDA "Fashion For Haiti" T-shirt, raised $1 million. Opened a cosmetology center in Brooklyn. Collaborated with Michelle Obama and NABEF against child obesity. Released a charity single for NYPD and FDNY after Osama bin Laden\'s death.', 8)
('In December, Beyoncé along with a variety of other celebrities teamed up and produced a video campaign for "Demand A Plan", a bipartisan effort by a group of 950 US mayors and others designed to influence the federal government into rethinking its gun control laws, following the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting. Beyoncé became an ambassador for the 2012 World Humanitarian Day campaign donating her song "I Was Here" and its music video, shot in the UN, to the campaign. In 2013, it was announced that Beyoncé would work with Salma Hayek and Frida Giannini on a Gucci "Chime for Change" campaign that aims to spread female empowerment. The campaign, which aired on February 28, was set to her new music. A concert for the cause took place on June 1, 2013 in London and included other acts like Ellie Goulding, Florence and the Machine, and Rita Ora. In advance of the concert, she appeared in a campaign video released on 15 May 2013, where she, along with Cameron Diaz, John Legend and Kylie Minogue, described inspiration from their mothers, while a number of other artists celebrated personal inspiration from other women, leading to a call for submission of photos of women of viewers\' inspiration from which a selection was shown at the concert. Beyoncé said about her mother Tina Knowles that her gift was "finding the best qualities in every human being." With help of the crowdfunding platform Catapult, visitors of the concert could choose between several projects promoting education of women and girls. Beyoncé is also taking part in "Miss a Meal", a food-donation campaign, and supporting Goodwill charity through online charity auctions at Charitybuzz that support job creation throughout Europe and the U.S.', ' In December 2012, Beyoncé joined celebrities for the "Demand A Plan" campaign, donating her song "I Was Here" for gun control law reform. In 2013, she worked on Gucci\'s "Chime for Change" campaign for female empowerment, releasing a campaign video and hosting a concert with Ellie Goulding, Florence and the Machine, and Rita Ora. She also appeared in a video describing inspirational mothers and encouraged submissions of inspiring women photos. At the concert, attendees could choose projects promoting women\'s education through Catapult. Beyoncé also participated in "Miss a Meal" food-donation campaign and supported Goodwill charity through online auctions.', 7)
('Montana i/mɒnˈtænə/ is a state in the Western region of the United States. The state\'s name is derived from the Spanish word montaña (mountain). Montana has several nicknames, although none official, including "Big Sky Country" and "The Treasure State", and slogans that include "Land of the Shining Mountains" and more recently "The Last Best Place". Montana is ranked 4th in size, but 44th in population and 48th in population density of the 50 United States. The western third of Montana contains numerous mountain ranges. Smaller island ranges are found throughout the state. In total, 77 named ranges are part of the Rocky Mountains.', ' Montana is a large, sparsely populated state in the western US with the nicknames "Big Sky Country" and "The Treasure State." It\'s known for its mountains and is home to 77 named mountain ranges, primarily in the western third of the state. Montana has a small population and low population density, ranking 44th and 48th respectively among the 50 states. The state\'s name means "mountain" in Spanish.', 8)
("Montana schoolchildren played a significant role in selecting several state symbols. The state tree, the ponderosa pine, was selected by Montana schoolchildren as the preferred state tree by an overwhelming majority in a referendum held in 1908. However, the legislature did not designate a state tree until 1949, when the Montana Federation of Garden Clubs, with the support of the state forester, lobbied for formal recognition. Schoolchildren also chose the western meadowlark as the state bird, in a 1930 vote, and the legislature acted to endorse this decision in 1931. Similarly, the secretary of state sponsored a children's vote in 1981 to choose a state animal, and after 74 animals were nominated, the grizzly bear won over the elk by a 2–1 margin. The students of Livingston started a statewide school petition drive plus lobbied the governor and the state legislature to name the Maiasaura as the state fossil in 1985.", " Montana schoolchildren played a crucial part in selecting several state symbols. They chose the ponderosa pine as the state tree in a 1908 referendum, but it wasn't officially recognized until 1949. The western meadowlark was selected as the state bird in a 1930 vote and endorsed by the legislature in 1931. In 1981, students chose the grizzly bear as the state animal after a statewide vote, and the Maiasaura was named the state fossil in 1985 following a student-led campaign.", 8)
('The state song was not composed until 21 years after statehood, when a musical troupe led by Joseph E. Howard stopped in Butte in September 1910. A former member of the troupe who lived in Butte buttonholed Howard at an after-show party, asking him to compose a song about Montana and got another partygoer, the city editor for the Butte Miner newspaper, Charles C. Cohan, to help. The two men worked up a basic melody and lyrics in about a half-hour for the entertainment of party guests, then finished the song later that evening, with an arrangement worked up the following day. Upon arriving in Helena, Howard\'s troupe performed 12 encores of the new song to an enthusiastic audience and the governor proclaimed it the state song on the spot, though formal legislative recognition did not occur until 1945. Montana is one of only three states to have a "state ballad", "Montana Melody", chosen by the legislature in 1983. Montana was the first state to also adopt a State Lullaby.', ' In 1910, Montana\'s state song was composed in Butte by Joseph E. Howard and Charles C. Cohan during an after-party. The song, "Montana Melody," was performed for the first time that night and gained popularity. The governor proclaimed it as the state song, but formal recognition came in 1945. Montana is unique for having both a state ballad and a state lullaby, which was adopted in 1983.', 5)
('Montana\'s motto, Oro y Plata, Spanish for "Gold and Silver", recognizing the significant role of mining, was first adopted in 1865, when Montana was still a territory. A state seal with a miner\'s pick and shovel above the motto, surrounded by the mountains and the Great Falls of the Missouri River, was adopted during the first meeting of the territorial legislature in 1864–65. The design was only slightly modified after Montana became a state and adopted it as the Great Seal of the State of Montana, enacted by the legislature in 1893. The state flower, the bitterroot, was adopted in 1895 with the support of a group called the Floral Emblem Association, which formed after Montana\'s Women\'s Christian Temperance Union adopted the bitterroot as the organization\'s state flower. All other symbols were adopted throughout the 20th century, save for Montana\'s newest symbol, the state butterfly, the mourning cloak, adopted in 2001, and the state lullaby, "Montana Lullaby", adopted in 2007.', ' Montana\'s motto, "Gold and Silver" (Oro y Plata), was adopted in 1865. A seal with a miner\'s pick and shovel above the motto, surrounded by mountains and the Great Falls of the Missouri River, was adopted in 1864–65. The bitterroot was adopted as the state flower in 1895. Other symbols were adopted throughout the 20th century, including Montana\'s newest symbol, the mourning cloak butterfly (adopted in 2001), and the state lullaby, "Montana Lullaby" (adopted in 2007).', 7)
('The state also has five Micropolitan Statistical Areas centered on Bozeman, Butte, Helena, Kalispell and Havre. These communities, excluding Havre, are colloquially known as the "big 7" Montana cities, as they are consistently the seven largest communities in Montana, with a significant population difference when these communities are compared to those that are 8th and lower on the list. According to the 2010 U.S. Census, the population of Montana\'s seven most populous cities, in rank order, are Billings, Missoula, Great Falls, Bozeman, Butte, Helena and Kalispell. Based on 2013 census numbers, they collectively contain 35 percent of Montana\'s population. and the counties containing these communities hold 62 percent of the state\'s population. The geographic center of population of Montana is located in sparsely populated Meagher County, in the town of White Sulphur Springs.', ' Montana has seven largest cities: Billings, Missoula, Great Falls, Bozeman, Butte, Helena, and Kalispell. These communities, known as "big 7," hold 35% of Montana\'s population and reside in counties with 62% of the state\'s population. The geographic center of population is in Meagher County, White Sulphur Springs.', 7)
('Montana has 56 counties with the United States Census Bureau stating Montana\'s contains 364 "places", broken down into 129 incorporated places and 235 census-designated places. Incorporated places consist of 52 cities, 75 towns, and two consolidated city-counties. Montana has one city, Billings, with a population over 100,000; and two cities with populations over 50,000, Missoula and Great Falls. These three communities are considered the centers of Montana\'s three Metropolitan Statistical Areas.', ' Montana has 56 counties and 364 "places," including 129 incorporated places (52 cities, 75 towns, and two consolidated city-counties) and 235 census-designated places. Billings, Missoula, and Great Falls are Montana\'s three largest cities, each with populations over 100,000 (Billings), 50,000 (Missoula and Great Falls), and are the centers of Montana\'s three Metropolitan Statistical Areas.', 7)
('The name Montana comes from the Spanish word Montaña, meaning "mountain", or more broadly, "mountainous country". Montaña del Norte was the name given by early Spanish explorers to the entire mountainous region of the west. The name Montana was added to a bill by the United States House Committee on Territories, which was chaired at the time by Rep. James Ashley of Ohio, for the territory that would become Idaho Territory. The name was successfully changed by Representatives Henry Wilson (Massachusetts) and Benjamin F. Harding (Oregon), who complained that Montana had "no meaning". When Ashley presented a bill to establish a temporary government in 1864 for a new territory to be carved out of Idaho, he again chose Montana Territory. This time Rep. Samuel Cox, also of Ohio, objected to the name. Cox complained that the name was a misnomer given that most of the territory was not mountainous and that a Native American name would be more appropriate than a Spanish one. Other names such as Shoshone were suggested, but it was eventually decided that the Committee on Territories could name it whatever they wanted, so the original name of Montana was adopted.', ' The name Montana for the territory that became Idaho originated from the Spanish word for mountain or mountainous region. Early Spanish explorers used the name Montaña del Norte for the entire western mountainous region. Rep. James Ashley of Ohio proposed the name Montana Territory for a new territory in 1864, but it was objected to due to its lack of meaning. Another attempt to establish a temporary government in Montana Territory was met with objections from Rep. Samuel Cox, who suggested a Native American name instead. Despite suggestions, the Committee on Territories chose to keep the original name of Montana.', 0)
('With a total area of 147,040 square miles (380,800 km2), Montana is slightly larger than Japan. It is the fourth largest state in the United States after Alaska, Texas, and California; the largest landlocked U.S. state; and the 56th largest national state/province subdivision in the world. To the north, Montana shares a 545-mile (877 km) border with three Canadian provinces: British Columbia, Alberta, and Saskatchewan, the only state to do so. It borders North Dakota and South Dakota to the east, Wyoming to the south and Idaho to the west and southwest.', ' Montana is the fourth largest state in the US with an area of 147,040 square miles (380,800 km2), making it slightly larger than Japan. It is the largest landlocked state in the US and the 56th largest national subdivision globally. Montana shares a 545-mile (877 km) border with three Canadian provinces - British Columbia, Alberta, and Saskatchewan - and borders North Dakota and South Dakota to the east, Wyoming to the south, and Idaho to the west and southwest.', 8)
("The topography of the state is roughly defined by the Continental Divide, which splits much of the state into distinct eastern and western regions. Most of Montana's 100 or more named mountain ranges are concentrated in the western half of the state, most of which is geologically and geographically part of the Northern Rocky Mountains. The Absaroka and Beartooth ranges in the south-central part of the state are technically part of the Central Rocky Mountains. The Rocky Mountain Front is a significant feature in the north-central portion of the state, and there are a number of isolated island ranges that interrupt the prairie landscape common in the central and eastern parts of the state. About 60 percent of the state is prairie, part of the northern Great Plains.", " The state's topography is divided by the Continental Divide, with most mountains, including the Absaroka and Beartooth ranges, located in the western half, which is part of the Northern Rocky Mountains. The Rocky Mountain Front is in the north-central region, and there are isolated ranges in the prairie areas. Approximately 60% of the state is prairie, part of the northern Great Plains.", 8)
("The northern section of the Divide, where the mountains give way rapidly to prairie, is part of the Rocky Mountain Front. The front is most pronounced in the Lewis Range, located primarily in Glacier National Park. Due to the configuration of mountain ranges in Glacier National Park, the Northern Divide (which begins in Alaska's Seward Peninsula) crosses this region and turns east in Montana at Triple Divide Peak. It causes the Waterton River, Belly, and Saint Mary rivers to flow north into Alberta, Canada. There they join the Saskatchewan River, which ultimately empties into Hudson Bay.", " The Rocky Mountain Front, specifically the Lewis Range in Glacier National Park, marks the rapid transition from mountains to prairie. The Northern Divide, starting in Alaska's Seward Peninsula, passes through this region and turns east at Triple Divide Peak. This results in the Waterton River, Belly River, and Saint Mary River flowing north into Alberta, Canada, where they join the Saskatchewan River, which empties into Hudson Bay.", 8)
('East of the divide, several roughly parallel ranges cover the southern part of the state, including the Gravelly Range, the Madison Range, Gallatin Range, Absaroka Mountains and the Beartooth Mountains. The Beartooth Plateau is the largest continuous land mass over 10,000 feet (3,000 m) high in the continental United States. It contains the highest point in the state, Granite Peak, 12,799 feet (3,901 m) high. North of these ranges are the Big Belt Mountains, Bridger Mountains, Tobacco Roots, and several island ranges, including the Crazy Mountains and Little Belt Mountains.', " The southern part of the state is covered by several parallel ranges: Gravelly Range, Madison Range, Gallatin Range, Absaroka Mountains, and Beartooth Mountains. The Beartooth Plateau, part of the Absaroka Mountains, is the largest continuous land mass over 10,000 feet high in the US, with the state's highest point, Granite Peak, located there. North of these ranges are the Big Belt Mountains, Bridger Mountains, Tobacco Roots, and Crazy Mountains and Little Belt Mountains.", 7)
("However, at the state level, the pattern of split ticket voting and divided government holds. Democrats currently hold one of the state's U.S. Senate seats, as well as four of the five statewide offices (Governor, Superintendent of Public Instruction, Secretary of State and State Auditor). The lone congressional district has been Republican since 1996 and in 2014 Steve Daines won one of the state's Senate seats for the GOP. The Legislative branch had split party control between the house and senate most years between 2004 and 2010, when the mid-term elections returned both branches to Republican control. The state Senate is, as of 2015, controlled by the Republicans 29 to 21, and the State House of Representatives at 59 to 41.", ' Democrats control one US Senate seat, four out of five statewide offices, and the State House of Representatives in this state. The lone congressional district is held by Republicans. Republicans control the state Senate, and Democrats control the State House of Representatives. From 2004 to 2010, the legislative branch had split party control. Democrats held both houses from 2010 to 2015, but Republicans regained control of the state Senate in 2015.', 4)
('In presidential elections, Montana was long classified as a swing state, though the state has voted for the Republican candidate in all but two elections from 1952 to the present. The state last supported a Democrat for president in 1992, when Bill Clinton won a plurality victory. Overall, since 1889 the state has voted for Democratic governors 60 percent of the time and Democratic presidents 40 percent of the time, with these numbers being 40/60 for Republican candidates. In the 2008 presidential election, Montana was considered a swing state and was ultimately won by Republican John McCain, albeit by a narrow margin of two percent.', ' Montana has voted for Democratic governors more often (60%) than Democratic presidents (40%) since 1889. The state has supported the Republican candidate in presidential elections more frequently (60%). Montana was considered a swing state in the 2008 presidential election and was won by Republican John McCain with a narrow margin of two percent. The state last voted for a Democratic president in 1992 when Bill Clinton won.', 7)
("Bozeman Yellowstone International Airport is the busiest airport in the state of Montana, surpassing Billings Logan International Airport in the spring of 2013. Montana's other major Airports include Billings Logan International Airport, Missoula International Airport, Great Falls International Airport, Glacier Park International Airport, Helena Regional Airport, Bert Mooney Airport and Yellowstone Airport. Eight smaller communities have airports designated for commercial service under the Essential Air Service program.", " Bozeman Yellowstone International Airport is Montana's busiest airport, surpassing Billings Logan International Airport in 2013. Other major airports in Montana are Billings Logan International Airport, Missoula International Airport, Great Falls International Airport, Glacier Park International Airport, Helena Regional Airport, Bert Mooney Airport, and Yellowstone Airport. Eight smaller communities have airports for commercial service under the Essential Air Service program.", 8)
("Railroads have been an important method of transportation in Montana since the 1880s. Historically, the state was traversed by the main lines of three east-west transcontinental routes: the Milwaukee Road, the Great Northern, and the Northern Pacific. Today, the BNSF Railway is the state's largest railroad, its main transcontinental route incorporating the former Great Northern main line across the state. Montana RailLink, a privately held Class II railroad, operates former Northern Pacific trackage in western Montana.", " Montana's transportation history includes the significance of railroads since the 1880s with three main east-west transcontinental routes: Milwaukee Road, Great Northern, and Northern Pacific. Currently, BNSF Railway is Montana's largest railroad, using the former Great Northern main line. Montana RailLink, a private Class II railroad, manages former Northern Pacific trackage in western Montana.", 8)
('Montana is home to the Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation and has a historic big game hunting tradition. There are fall bow and general hunting seasons for elk, pronghorn antelope, whitetail deer and mule deer. A random draw grants a limited number of permits for moose, mountain goats and bighorn sheep. There is a spring hunting season for black bear and in most years, limited hunting of bison that leave Yellowstone National Park is allowed. Current law allows both hunting and trapping of a specific number of wolves and mountain lions. Trapping of assorted fur bearing animals is allowed in certain seasons and many opportunities exist for migratory waterfowl and upland bird hunting.', ' Montana offers hunting seasons for elk, pronghorn antelope, whitetail deer, mule deer, moose, mountain goats, bighorn sheep, black bear, and bison. Permits are granted through a random draw for some animals. Trapping of wolves, mountain lions, and fur-bearing animals is allowed in certain seasons. Waterfowl and upland bird hunting are also options.', 8)
("Montana has been a destination for its world-class trout fisheries since the 1930s. Fly fishing for several species of native and introduced trout in rivers and lakes is popular for both residents and tourists throughout the state. Montana is the home of the Federation of Fly Fishers and hosts many of the organizations annual conclaves. The state has robust recreational lake trout and kokanee salmon fisheries in the west, walleye can be found in many parts of the state, while northern pike, smallmouth and largemouth bass fisheries as well as catfish and paddlefish can be found in the waters of eastern Montana. Robert Redford's 1992 film of Norman Mclean's novel, A River Runs Through It, was filmed in Montana and brought national attention to fly fishing and the state.", ' Montana, known for its top-notch trout fisheries since the 1930s, attracts residents and tourists for fly fishing in rivers and lakes. The state is home to the Federation of Fly Fishers and hosts their annual conclaves. Montana offers lake trout, kokanee salmon, walleye, northern pike, smallmouth and largemouth bass, catfish, and paddlefish fisheries. The 1992 film "A River Runs Through It," featuring Robert Redford, was filmed in Montana and brought national attention to fly fishing and the state.', 8)
("The Montana Territory was formed on April 26, 1864, when the U.S. passed the Organic Act. Schools started forming in the area before it was officially a territory as families started settling into the area. The first schools were subscription schools that typically held in the teacher's home. The first formal school on record was at Fort Owen in Bitterroot valley in 1862. The students were Indian children and the children of Fort Owen employees. The first school term started in early winter and only lasted until February 28. Classes were taught by Mr. Robinson. Another early subscription school was started by Thomas Dimsdale in Virginia City in 1863. In this school students were charged $1.75 per week. The Montana Territorial Legislative Assembly had its inaugural meeting in 1864. The first legislature authorized counties to levy taxes for schools, which set the foundations for public schooling. Madison County was the first to take advantage of the newly authorized taxes and it formed fhe first public school in Virginia City in 1886. The first school year was scheduled to begin in January 1866, but severe weather postponed its opening until March. The first school year ran through the summer and didn't end until August 17. One of the first teachers at the school was Sarah Raymond. She was a 25-year-old woman who had traveled to Virginia City via wagon train in 1865. To become a certified teacher, Raymond took a test in her home and paid a $6 fee in gold dust to obtain a teaching certificate. With the help of an assistant teacher, Mrs. Farley, Raymond was responsible for teaching 50 to 60 students each day out of the 81 students enrolled at the school. Sarah Raymond was paid at a rate of $125 per month, and Mrs. Farley was paid $75 per month. There were no textbooks used in the school. In their place was an assortment of books brought in by various emigrants. Sarah quit teaching the following year, but would later become the Madison County superintendent of schools.", ' The Montana Territory was formed in 1864, with schools preceding its formation. Early schools were subscription schools, including one at Fort Owen in 1862 for Indian children and Fort Owen employees. The first public school was established in Virginia City in 1866, with Sarah Raymond as one of the first teachers. She earned $125 per month and taught 50-60 students daily. The first school year ran from March to August 1866. Sarah later became the Madison County superintendent of schools. Schools were initially funded through taxes authorized by the Montana Territorial Legislative Assembly in 1864.', 7)
('Montana contains thousands of named rivers and creeks, 450 miles (720 km) of which are known for "blue-ribbon" trout fishing. Montana\'s water resources provide for recreation, hydropower, crop and forage irrigation, mining, and water for human consumption. Montana is one of few geographic areas in the world whose rivers form parts of three major watersheds (i.e. where two continental divides intersect). Its rivers feed the Pacific Ocean, the Gulf of Mexico, and Hudson Bay. The watersheds divide at Triple Divide Peak in Glacier National Park.', " Montana is home to thousands of named rivers and creeks, with 450 miles (720 km) recognized for trout fishing. The state's water resources support recreation, hydropower, irrigation, mining, and human consumption. Montana's rivers contribute to three major watersheds, supplying the Pacific Ocean, Gulf of Mexico, and Hudson Bay. The watersheds converge at Triple Divide Peak in Glacier National Park.", 8)
('East of the divide the Missouri River, which is formed by the confluence of the Jefferson, Madison and Gallatin rivers near Three Forks, flows due north through the west-central part of the state to Great Falls. From this point, it then flows generally east through fairly flat agricultural land and the Missouri Breaks to Fort Peck reservoir. The stretch of river between Fort Benton and the Fred Robinson Bridge at the western boundary of Fort Peck Reservoir was designated a National Wild and Scenic River in 1976. The Missouri enters North Dakota near Fort Union, having drained more than half the land area of Montana (82,000 square miles (210,000 km2)). Nearly one-third of the Missouri River in Montana lies behind 10 dams: Toston, Canyon Ferry, Hauser, Holter, Black Eagle, Rainbow, Cochrane, Ryan, Morony, and Fort Peck.', ' The Missouri River, formed by the Jefferson, Madison, and Gallatin rivers near Three Forks in Montana, flows north to Great Falls, then generally east through agricultural land and the Missouri Breaks to Fort Peck reservoir. A section of the river between Fort Benton and Fred Robinson Bridge is a National Wild and Scenic River. The Missouri enters North Dakota and drains over 82,000 square miles (210,000 km2) in Montana. Ten dams, including Toston, Canyon Ferry, Hauser, Holter, Black Eagle, Rainbow, Cochrane, Ryan, Morony, and Fort Peck, lie along the Missouri River in Montana.', 8)
("The Yellowstone River rises on the continental divide near Younts Peak in Wyoming's Teton Wilderness. It flows north through Yellowstone National Park, enters Montana near Gardiner, and passes through the Paradise Valley to Livingston. It then flows northeasterly across the state through Billings, Miles City, Glendive, and Sidney. The Yellowstone joins the Missouri in North Dakota just east of Fort Union. It is the longest undammed, free-flowing river in the contiguous United States, and drains about a quarter of Montana (36,000 square miles (93,000 km2)).", " The Yellowstone River originates at the continental divide near Younts Peak in Wyoming's Teton Wilderness. It flows north through Yellowstone National Park and enters Montana near Gardiner. The river passes through Livingston and continues northeasterly across the state, touching Billings, Miles City, Glendive, and Sidney. The Yellowstone River joins the Missouri in North Dakota, making it the longest undammed, free-flowing river in the contiguous United States, draining approximately 36,000 square miles (93,000 km2) in Montana.", 8)
('There are at least 3,223 named lakes and reservoirs in Montana, including Flathead Lake, the largest natural freshwater lake in the western United States. Other major lakes include Whitefish Lake in the Flathead Valley and Lake McDonald and St. Mary Lake in Glacier National Park. The largest reservoir in the state is Fort Peck Reservoir on the Missouri river, which is contained by the second largest earthen dam and largest hydraulically filled dam in the world. Other major reservoirs include Hungry Horse on the Flathead River; Lake Koocanusa on the Kootenai River; Lake Elwell on the Marias River; Clark Canyon on the Beaverhead River; Yellowtail on the Bighorn River, Canyon Ferry, Hauser, Holter, Rainbow; and Black Eagle on the Missouri River.', ' Montana has over 3,200 named lakes and reservoirs. Notable ones include Flathead Lake, Whitefish Lake, Lake McDonald, and St. Mary Lake. The largest reservoir is Fort Peck Reservoir on the Missouri River, with Hungry Horse, Lake Koocanusa, Lake Elwell, Clark Canyon, Yellowtail, Canyon Ferry, Hauser, Rainbow, and Black Eagle being other major ones. These reservoirs are on various rivers such as the Flathead, Kootenai, Marias, Beaverhead, Bighorn, and Missouri Rivers.', 8)
('Vegetation of the state includes lodgepole pine, ponderosa pine; Douglas fir, larch, spruce; aspen, birch, red cedar, hemlock, ash, alder; rocky mountain maple and cottonwood trees. Forests cover approximately 25 percent of the state. Flowers native to Montana include asters, bitterroots, daisies, lupins, poppies, primroses, columbine, lilies, orchids, and dryads. Several species of sagebrush and cactus and many species of grasses are common. Many species of mushrooms and lichens are also found in the state.', ' The vegetation in Montana consists of lodgepole pine, ponderosa pine, Douglas fir, larch, spruce, aspen, birch, red cedar, hemlock, ash, alder, rocky mountain maple, cottonwood trees, sagebrush, cactus, grasses, and various mushrooms and lichens. Approximately 25% of the state is covered in forests. Native flowers include asters, bitterroots, daisies, lupins, poppies, primroses, columbine, lilies, orchids, and dryads.', 8)
('Montana is home to a diverse array of fauna that includes 14 amphibian, 90 fish, 117 mammal, 20 reptile and 427 bird species. Additionally, there are over 10,000 invertebrate species, including 180 mollusks and 30 crustaceans. Montana has the largest grizzly bear population in the lower 48 states. Montana hosts five federally endangered species–black-footed ferret, whooping crane, least tern, pallid sturgeon and white sturgeon and seven threatened species including the grizzly bear, Canadian lynx and bull trout. The Montana Department of Fish, Wildlife and Parks manages fishing and hunting seasons for at least 17 species of game fish including seven species of trout, walleye and smallmouth bass and at least 29 species of game birds and animals including ring-neck pheasant, grey partridge, elk, pronghorn antelope, mule deer, whitetail deer, gray wolf and bighorn sheep.', ' Montana is home to various fauna, including 14 amphibian, 90 fish, 117 mammal, 20 reptile, and 427 bird species, as well as over 10,000 invertebrate species. Montana has the largest grizzly bear population in the lower 48 states and hosts five endangered and seven threatened species. The Montana Department of Fish, Wildlife and Parks manages fishing and hunting seasons for 17 fish and 29 bird and animal species.', 7)
('Average annual precipitation is 15 inches (380 mm), but great variations are seen. The mountain ranges block the moist Pacific air, holding moisture in the western valleys, and creating rain shadows to the east. Heron, in the west, receives the most precipitation, 34.70 inches (881 mm). On the eastern (leeward) side of a mountain range, the valleys are much drier; Lonepine averages 11.45 inches (291 mm), and Deer Lodge 11.00 inches (279 mm) of precipitation. The mountains themselves can receive over 100 inches (2,500 mm), for example the Grinnell Glacier in Glacier National Park gets 105 inches (2,700 mm). An area southwest of Belfry averaged only 6.59 inches (167 mm) over a sixteen-year period. Most of the larger cities get 30 to 50 inches or 0.76 to 1.27 metres of snow each year. Mountain ranges themselves can accumulate 300 inches or 7.62 metres of snow during a winter. Heavy snowstorms may occur any time from September through May, though most snow falls from November to March.', ' The area experiences annual precipitation of 15 inches (380 mm) with significant variations. Pacific air is blocked by mountains, causing heavy rain in western areas like Heron (34.70 inches/881 mm) and dry conditions in eastern valleys such as Lonepine (11.45 inches/291 mm) and Deer Lodge (11.00 inches/279 mm). Mountains can receive over 100 inches (2,500 mm) of precipitation, with some areas receiving as little as 6.59 inches (167 mm) over a sixteen-year period. Cities typically receive 30 to 50 inches (0.76 to 1.27 metres) of snow annually, while mountains can accumulate up to 300 inches (7.62 metres) of snow during a winter. Snowfall can occur from September to May, with most snow falling from November to March.', 8)
("Montana's personal income tax contains 7 brackets, with rates ranging from 1 percent to 6.9 percent. Montana has no sales tax. In Montana, household goods are exempt from property taxes. However, property taxes are assessed on livestock, farm machinery, heavy equipment, automobiles, trucks, and business equipment. The amount of property tax owed is not determined solely by the property's value. The property's value is multiplied by a tax rate, set by the Montana Legislature, to determine its taxable value. The taxable value is then multiplied by the mill levy established by various taxing jurisdictions—city and county government, school districts and others.", ' Montana has 7 personal income tax brackets with rates from 1-6.9%. No sales tax. Household goods exempt from property tax, but livestock, machinery, vehicles, and business equipment are taxed. Property tax owed not just based on value, but also tax rate and mill levy set by jurisdictions.', 8)
('Approximately 66,000 people of Native American heritage live in Montana. Stemming from multiple treaties and federal legislation, including the Indian Appropriations Act (1851), the Dawes Act (1887), and the Indian Reorganization Act (1934), seven Indian reservations, encompassing eleven tribal nations, were created in Montana. A twelfth nation, the Little Shell Chippewa is a "landless" people headquartered in Great Falls, recognized by the state of Montana but not by the U.S. Government. The Blackfeet nation is headquartered on the Blackfeet Indian Reservation (1851) in Browning, Crow on the Crow Indian Reservation (1851) in Crow Agency, Confederated Salish and Kootenai and Pend d\'Oreille on the Flathead Indian Reservation (1855) in Pablo, Northern Cheyenne on the Northern Cheyenne Indian Reservation (1884) at Lame Deer, Assiniboine and Gros Ventre on the Fort Belknap Indian Reservation (1888) in Fort Belknap Agency, Assiniboine and Sioux on the Fort Peck Indian Reservation (1888) at Poplar, and Chippewa-Cree on the Rocky Boy\'s Indian Reservation (1916) near Box Elder. Approximately 63% of all Native people live off the reservations, concentrated in the larger Montana cities with the largest concentration of urban Indians in Great Falls. The state also has a small Métis population, and 1990 census data indicated that people from as many as 275 different tribes lived in Montana.', ' Approximately 66,000 Native Americans live in Montana, with seven reservations established for eleven tribal nations: Blackfeet, Crow, Confederated Salish and Kootenai, Pend dOreille, Northern Cheyenne, Assiniboine and Gros Ventre, and Assiniboine and Sioux. The Little Shell Chippewa, a landless people recognized by Montana but not the U.S. Government, is headquartered in Great Falls. Around 63% of Native people live off the reservations, primarily in larger cities like Great Falls. Montana also has a small Métis population and residents from over 275 different tribes. The reservations were created through various treaties and federal legislation, including the Indian Appropriations Act (1851), the Dawes Act (1887), and the Indian Reorganization Act (1934).', 8)
("While the largest European-American population in Montana overall is German, pockets of significant Scandinavian ancestry are prevalent in some of the farming-dominated northern and eastern prairie regions, parallel to nearby regions of North Dakota and Minnesota. Farmers of Irish, Scots, and English roots also settled in Montana. The historically mining-oriented communities of western Montana such as Butte have a wider range of European-American ethnicity; Finns, Eastern Europeans and especially Irish settlers left an indelible mark on the area, as well as people originally from British mining regions such as Cornwall, Devon and Wales. The nearby city of Helena, also founded as a mining camp, had a similar mix in addition to a small Chinatown. Many of Montana's historic logging communities originally attracted people of Scottish, Scandinavian, Slavic, English and Scots-Irish descent.[citation needed]", " Montana's European-American population is predominantly German, but there are significant Scandinavian, Irish, Scottish, English, Finnish, Eastern European, and Welsh settlers in various regions. Farming areas have a high Scandinavian and Irish population, while mining communities in western Montana have a diverse European ancestry, including Finns, Eastern Europeans, and people from British mining regions. Helena, a mining and logging town, also had a diverse population with a small Chinatown.", 7)
("Montana has a larger Native American population numerically and percentage-wise than most U.S. states. Although the state ranked 45th in population (according to the 2010 U.S. Census), it ranked 19th in total native people population. Native people constituted 6.5 percent of the state's total population, the sixth highest percentage of all 50 states. Montana has three counties in which Native Americans are a majority: Big Horn, Glacier, and Roosevelt. Other counties with large Native American populations include Blaine, Cascade, Hill, Missoula, and Yellowstone counties. The state's Native American population grew by 27.9 percent between 1980 and 1990 (at a time when Montana's entire population rose just 1.6 percent), and by 18.5 percent between 2000 and 2010. As of 2009, almost two-thirds of Native Americans in the state live in urban areas. Of Montana's 20 largest cities, Polson (15.7 percent), Havre (13.0 percent), Great Falls (5.0 percent), Billings (4.4 percent), and Anaconda (3.1 percent) had the greatest percentage of Native American residents in 2010. Billings (4,619), Great Falls (2,942), Missoula (1,838), Havre (1,210), and Polson (706) have the most Native Americans living there. The state's seven reservations include more than twelve distinct Native American ethnolinguistic groups.", " Montana has a large Native American population, ranking 19th in total numbers and having a 6.5% percentage of the state's population. Three counties have a Native American majority: Big Horn, Glacier, and Roosevelt. Urban areas house almost two-thirds of Montana's Native American population. Cities with the highest percentage of Native American residents include Polson, Havre, Great Falls, Billings, and Anaconda. Billings, Great Falls, Missoula, Havre, and Polson have the most Native American residents. Montana's Native American population grew significantly between 1980 and 2010. The state has seven reservations with over twelve distinct Native American ethnolinguistic groups.", 8)
('The climate has become warmer in Montana and continues to do so. The glaciers in Glacier National Park have receded and are predicted to melt away completely in a few decades. Many Montana cities set heat records during July 2007, the hottest month ever recorded in Montana. Winters are warmer, too, and have fewer cold spells. Previously these cold spells had killed off bark beetles which are now attacking the forests of western Montana. The combination of warmer weather, attack by beetles, and mismanagement during past years has led to a substantial increase in the severity of forest fires in Montana. According to a study done for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency by the Harvard School of Engineering and Applied Science, portions of Montana will experience a 200-percent increase in area burned by wildfires, and an 80-percent increase in related air pollution.', ' Montana experiences increasing temperatures, leading to melting glaciers, record-breaking heat, fewer cold spells, bark beetle infestations, and more severe forest fires. A study predicts a 200% increase in wildfire area and an 80% increase in related air pollution.', 8)
("As white settlers began populating Montana from the 1850s through the 1870s, disputes with Native Americans ensued, primarily over land ownership and control. In 1855, Washington Territorial Governor Isaac Stevens negotiated the Hellgate treaty between the United States Government and the Salish, Pend d'Oreille, and the Kootenai people of western Montana, which established boundaries for the tribal nations. The treaty was ratified in 1859. While the treaty established what later became the Flathead Indian Reservation, trouble with interpreters and confusion over the terms of the treaty led whites to believe that the Bitterroot Valley was opened to settlement, but the tribal nations disputed those provisions. The Salish remained in the Bitterroot Valley until 1891.", ' White settlers caused disputes with Native Americans in Montana over land ownership from the 1850s to the 1870s. In 1855, the Hellgate treaty was negotiated between the US Government and Salish, Pend dOreille, and Kootenai people, establishing boundaries for tribal lands. The treaty was ratified in 1859, but misunderstandings led whites to believe they could settle in the Bitterroot Valley, which the tribal nations disputed. The Salish remained in the valley until 1891.', 7)
("The first U.S. Army post established in Montana was Camp Cooke on the Missouri River in 1866 to protect steamboat traffic going to Fort Benton, Montana. More than a dozen additional military outposts were established in the state. Pressure over land ownership and control increased due to discoveries of gold in various parts of Montana and surrounding states. Major battles occurred in Montana during Red Cloud's War, the Great Sioux War of 1876, the Nez Perce War and in conflicts with Piegan Blackfeet. The most notable of these were the Marias Massacre (1870), Battle of the Little Bighorn (1876), Battle of the Big Hole (1877) and Battle of Bear Paw (1877). The last recorded conflict in Montana between the U.S. Army and Native Americans occurred in 1887 during the Battle of Crow Agency in the Big Horn country. Indian survivors who had signed treaties were generally required to move onto reservations.", ' The first U.S. Army post in Montana was Camp Cooke (1866) to protect steamboat traffic. Over a dozen more outposts were established due to gold discoveries and conflicts with Native Americans. Major battles included the Marias Massacre (1870), Battle of the Little Bighorn (1876), Battle of the Big Hole (1877), Battle of Bear Paw (1877), and Battle of Crow Agency (1887). Native Americans were generally forced onto reservations after losing battles.', 8)
("English is the official language in the state of Montana, as it is in many U.S. states. English is also the language of the majority. According to the 2000 U.S. Census, 94.8 percent of the population aged 5 and older speak English at home. Spanish is the language most commonly spoken at home other than English. There were about 13,040 Spanish-language speakers in the state (1.4 percent of the population) in 2011. There were also 15,438 (1.7 percent of the state population) speakers of Indo-European languages other than English or Spanish, 10,154 (1.1 percent) speakers of a Native American language, and 4,052 (0.4 percent) speakers of an Asian or Pacific Islander language. Other languages spoken in Montana (as of 2013) include Assiniboine (about 150 speakers in the Montana and Canada), Blackfoot (about 100 speakers), Cheyenne (about 1,700 speakers), Plains Cree (about 100 speakers), Crow (about 3,000 speakers), Dakota (about 18,800 speakers in Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, and South Dakota), German Hutterite (about 5,600 speakers), Gros Ventre (about 10 speakers), Kalispel-Pend d'Oreille (about 64 speakers), Kutenai (about 6 speakers), and Lakota (about 6,000 speakers in Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota). The United States Department of Education estimated in 2009 that 5,274 students in Montana spoke a language at home other than English. These included a Native American language (64 percent), German (4 percent), Spanish (3 percent), Russian (1 percent), and Chinese (less than 0.5 percent).", ' English is the predominant language in Montana, spoken by 94.8% of the population aged 5 and above. Spanish is the second most common language (1.4%), followed by Indo-European languages other than English or Spanish (1.7%), Native American languages (1.1%), and Asian or Pacific Islander languages (0.4%). Other languages spoken in Montana include Assiniboine, Blackfoot, Cheyenne, Plains Cree, Crow, Dakota, German Hutterite, Gros Ventre, Kalispel-Pend dOreille, Kutenai, and Lakota. In 2009, approximately 5,274 students in Montana spoke a language other than English at home, with Native American languages being the most common (64%). Other languages represented were German (4%), Spanish (3%), Russian (1%), and Chinese (less than 0.5%).', 8)
('According to the 2010 Census, 89.4 percent of the population was White (87.8 percent Non-Hispanic White), 6.3 percent American Indian and Alaska Native, 2.9 percent Hispanics and Latinos of any race, 0.6 percent Asian, 0.4 percent Black or African American, 0.1 percent Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander, 0.6 percent from Some Other Race, and 2.5 percent from two or more races. The largest European ancestry groups in Montana as of 2010 are: German (27.0 percent), Irish (14.8 percent), English (12.6 percent), Norwegian (10.9 percent), French (4.7 percent) and Italian (3.4 percent).', ' The 2010 Census reported that 89.4% of the population was White (87.8% Non-Hispanic White), 6.3% American Indian and Alaska Native, 2.9% Hispanics and Latinos of any race, 0.6% Asian, 0.4% Black or African American, 0.1% Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander, 0.6% from Some Other Race, and 2.5% from two or more races. The largest European ancestry groups in Montana were German (27.0%), Irish (14.8%), English (12.6%), Norwegian (10.9%), and French (4.7%), Italian (3.4%).', 9)
("The United States Census Bureau estimates that the population of Montana was 1,032,949 on July 1, 2015, a 4.40% increase since the 2010 United States Census. The 2010 census put Montana's population at 989,415 which is an increase of 43,534 people, or 4.40 percent, since 2010. During the first decade of the new century, growth was mainly concentrated in Montana's seven largest counties, with the highest percentage growth in Gallatin County, which saw a 32 percent increase in its population from 2000-2010. The city seeing the largest percentage growth was Kalispell with 40.1 percent, and the city with the largest increase in actual residents was Billings with an increase in population of 14,323 from 2000-2010.", " The population of Montana was approximately 1.03 million in 2015, a 4.40% increase from the 2010 census population of 989,415. Most growth occurred in Montana's seven largest counties, with Gallatin County experiencing a 32% increase from 2000-2010. Kalispell had the highest percentage growth (40.1%), while Billings saw the largest increase in actual residents (14,323).", 8)
('In 1940, Jeannette Rankin had once again been elected to Congress, and in 1941, as she did in 1917, she voted against the United States\' declaration of war. This time she was the only vote against the war, and in the wake of public outcry over her vote, she required police protection for a time. Other pacifists tended to be those from "peace churches" who generally opposed war. Many individuals from throughout the U.S. who claimed conscientious objector status were sent to Montana during the war as smokejumpers and for other forest fire-fighting duties.', ' In 1940, Jeannette Rankin was re-elected to Congress and in 1941, she cast the sole vote against the U.S. declaration of war. Following public backlash, she received police protection. Pacifists, including those from "peace churches," opposed war, and many conscientious objectors were sent to Montana for forest fire-fighting duties.', 8)
('Simultaneously with these conflicts, bison, a keystone species and the primary protein source that Native people had survived on for centuries were being destroyed. Some estimates say there were over 13 million bison in Montana in 1870. In 1875, General Philip Sheridan pleaded to a joint session of Congress to authorize the slaughtering of herds in order to deprive the Indians of their source of food. By 1884, commercial hunting had brought bison to the verge of extinction; only about 325 bison remained in the entire United States.', ' In the late 1800s, conflicts between Native Americans and European settlers led to the near extinction of the bison population. An estimated 13 million bison roamed Montana in 1870, serving as a primary food source for Native people. In 1875, General Philip Sheridan urged Congress to authorize the slaughtering of herds to deprive Native Americans of their food source. Commercial hunting reduced the bison population to about 325 by 1884.', 8)
('Tracks of the Northern Pacific Railroad (NPR) reached Montana from the west in 1881 and from the east in 1882. However, the railroad played a major role in sparking tensions with Native American tribes in the 1870s. Jay Cooke, the NPR president launched major surveys into the Yellowstone valley in 1871, 1872 and 1873 which were challenged forcefully by the Sioux under chief Sitting Bull. These clashes, in part, contributed to the Panic of 1873 which delayed construction of the railroad into Montana. Surveys in 1874, 1875 and 1876 helped spark the Great Sioux War of 1876. The transcontinental NPR was completed on September 8, 1883, at Gold Creek.', ' The Northern Pacific Railroad (NPR) reached Montana in 1881 and 1882, but surveys for the railroad in the Yellowstone valley in the 1870s led to conflicts with the Sioux under Chief Sitting Bull, contributing to the Panic of 1873 and the Great Sioux War of 1876. The transcontinental NPR was completed on September 8, 1883, at Gold Creek.', 8)
('Under Territorial Governor Thomas Meagher, Montanans held a constitutional convention in 1866 in a failed bid for statehood. A second constitutional convention was held in Helena in 1884 that produced a constitution ratified 3:1 by Montana citizens in November 1884. For political reasons, Congress did not approve Montana statehood until 1889. Congress approved Montana statehood in February 1889 and President Grover Cleveland signed an omnibus bill granting statehood to Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota and Washington once the appropriate state constitutions were crafted. In July 1889, Montanans convened their third constitutional convention and produced a constitution acceptable by the people and the federal government. On November 8, 1889 President Benjamin Harrison proclaimed Montana the forty-first state in the union. The first state governor was Joseph K. Toole. In the 1880s, Helena (the current state capital) had more millionaires per capita than any other United States city.', ' Montanans held two unsuccessful constitutional conventions in 1866 and 1884 for statehood. A third convention was held in 1889, producing a constitution ratified by Montana citizens and accepted by Congress. Montana became the 41st state in the union on November 8, 1889, with Joseph K. Toole as the first governor. Helena, the state capital, had more millionaires per capita than any other US city during the 1880s. Montana sought statehood in 1866, 1884, and 1889; produced acceptable constitutions in 1884 and 1889; and was admitted as the 41st state in 1889. Helena was wealthy in the 1880s.', 7)
('The Homestead Act of 1862 provided free land to settlers who could claim and "prove-up" 160 acres (0.65 km2) of federal land in the midwest and western United States. Montana did not see a large influx of immigrants from this act because 160 acres was usually insufficient to support a family in the arid territory. The first homestead claim under the act in Montana was made by David Carpenter near Helena in 1868. The first claim by a woman was made near Warm Springs Creek by Miss Gwenllian Evans, the daughter of Deer Lodge Montana Pioneer, Morgan Evans. By 1880, there were farms in the more verdant valleys of central and western Montana, but few on the eastern plains.', ' The Homestead Act of 1862 offered free land to settlers who could claim and prove ownership of 160 acres in the midwest and western US. Montana had limited immigration due to the insufficient land size for families in the arid region. The first claims were made near Helena and Warm Springs Creek in 1868 by David Carpenter and Gwenllian Evans, respectively. By 1880, farms existed in central and western Montana but were scarce on the eastern plains.', 8)
('The Desert Land Act of 1877 was passed to allow settlement of arid lands in the west and allotted 640 acres (2.6 km2) to settlers for a fee of $.25 per acre and a promise to irrigate the land. After three years, a fee of one dollar per acre would be paid and the land would be owned by the settler. This act brought mostly cattle and sheep ranchers into Montana, many of whom grazed their herds on the Montana prairie for three years, did little to irrigate the land and then abandoned it without paying the final fees. Some farmers came with the arrival of the Great Northern and Northern Pacific Railroads throughout the 1880s and 1890s, though in relatively small numbers.', ' The Desert Land Act of 1877 offered 640-acre plots in the western regions for a $.25 fee and irrigation promise, with a $1/acre fee due after three years for ownership. The act attracted mainly cattle and sheep ranchers who irrigated minimally and abandoned lands without paying final fees. Farmers arrived in smaller numbers during the 1880s and 1890s with the expansion of railroads.', 8)
('In the early 1900s, James J. Hill of the Great Northern began promoting settlement in the Montana prairie to fill his trains with settlers and goods. Other railroads followed suit. In 1902, the Reclamation Act was passed, allowing irrigation projects to be built in Montana\'s eastern river valleys. In 1909, Congress passed the Enlarged Homestead Act that expanded the amount of free land from 160 to 320 acres (0.6 to 1.3 km2) per family and in 1912 reduced the time to "prove up" on a claim to three years. In 1916, the Stock-Raising Homestead Act allowed homesteads of 640 acres in areas unsuitable for irrigation.  This combination of advertising and changes in the Homestead Act drew tens of thousands of homesteaders, lured by free land, with World War I bringing particularly high wheat prices. In addition, Montana was going through a temporary period of higher-than-average precipitation. Homesteaders arriving in this period were known as "Honyockers", or "scissorbills." Though the word "honyocker", possibly derived from the ethnic slur "hunyak," was applied in a derisive manner at homesteaders as being "greenhorns", "new at his business" or "unprepared", the reality was that a majority of these new settlers had previous farming experience, though there were also many who did not.', ' In the early 1900s, railroads, including the Great Northern, encouraged settlement in Montana through advertising and changes to the Homestead Act. The Reclamation Act (1902) and Enlarged Homestead Act (1909) offered irrigation projects and expanded land allotments. The Stock-Raising Homestead Act (1916) allowed for larger homesteads in dry areas. Thousands of homesteaders, called "Honyockers," arrived due to free land and high wheat prices during World War I and favorable weather conditions. The term "honyocker" was used derisively towards new settlers, but most had farming experience.', 8)
('In June 1917, the U.S. Congress passed the Espionage Act of 1917 which was later extended by the Sedition Act of 1918, enacted in May 1918. In February 1918, the Montana legislature had passed the Montana Sedition Act, which was a model for the federal version. In combination, these laws criminalized criticism of the U.S. government, military, or symbols through speech or other means. The Montana Act led to the arrest of over 200 individuals and the conviction of 78, mostly of German or Austrian descent. Over 40 spent time in prison. In May 2006, then-Governor Brian Schweitzer posthumously issued full pardons for all those convicted of violating the Montana Sedition Act.', ' In June 1917, the U.S. Congress passed the Espionage Act and later the Sedition Act in May 1918, criminalizing criticism of the government, military, or symbols. Montana passed a similar law in February 1918, leading to over 200 arrests and 78 convictions, mostly of individuals of German or Austrian descent. Over 40 spent time in prison. In May 2006, Governor Brian Schweitzer issued full pardons posthumously for all those convicted of violating the Montana Sedition Act.', 8)
('When the U.S. entered World War II on December 8, 1941, many Montanans already had enlisted in the military to escape the poor national economy of the previous decade. Another 40,000-plus Montanans entered the armed forces in the first year following the declaration of war, and over 57,000 joined up before the war ended. These numbers constituted about 10 percent of the state\'s total population, and Montana again contributed one of the highest numbers of soldiers per capita of any state. Many Native Americans were among those who served, including soldiers from the Crow Nation who became Code Talkers. At least 1500 Montanans died in the war. Montana also was the training ground for the First Special Service Force or "Devil\'s Brigade," a joint U.S-Canadian commando-style force that trained at Fort William Henry Harrison for experience in mountainous and winter conditions before deployment. Air bases were built in Great Falls, Lewistown, Cut Bank and Glasgow, some of which were used as staging areas to prepare planes to be sent to allied forces in the Soviet Union. During the war, about 30 Japanese balloon bombs were documented to have landed in Montana, though no casualties nor major forest fires were attributed to them.', " The U.S. entry into World War II in 1941 led to over 100,000 Montanans enlisting, representing about 10% of the state's population. Native Americans, including Crow Nation Code Talkers, served. Approx. 1500 Montanans died. The First Special Service Force, a joint U.S.-Canadian commando unit, trained at Fort William Henry Harrison. Air bases were established in Great Falls, Lewistown, Cut Bank, and Glasgow. About 30 Japanese balloon bombs landed in Montana, but caused no significant damage.", 5)
('The phrase "in whole or in part" has been subject to much discussion by scholars of international humanitarian law. The International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia found in Prosecutor v. Radislav Krstic – Trial Chamber I – Judgment – IT-98-33 (2001) ICTY8 (2 August 2001) that Genocide had been committed. In Prosecutor v. Radislav Krstic – Appeals Chamber – Judgment – IT-98-33 (2004) ICTY 7 (19 April 2004) paragraphs 8, 9, 10, and 11 addressed the issue of in part and found that "the part must be a substantial part of that group. The aim of the Genocide Convention is to prevent the intentional destruction of entire human groups, and the part targeted must be significant enough to have an impact on the group as a whole." The Appeals Chamber goes into details of other cases and the opinions of respected commentators on the Genocide Convention to explain how they came to this conclusion.', ' The term "in whole or in part" in the context of international humanitarian law, specifically in relation to the Genocide Convention, has been a topic of debate among scholars. The International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (ICTY) in the case of Prosecutor v. Radislav Krstic (2001) ruled that genocide had occurred. In the appeals chamber judgment (2004), paragraphs 8-11 discussed the meaning of "in part" and determined that the targeted part must be substantial and significant enough to impact the group as a whole. The court referenced other cases and commentators to support this interpretation.', 8)
('In the same judgement the ECHR reviewed the judgements of several international and municipal courts judgements. It noted that International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia and the International Court of Justice had agreed with the narrow interpretation, that biological-physical destruction was necessary for an act to qualify as genocide. The ECHR also noted that at the time of its judgement, apart from courts in Germany which had taken a broad view, that there had been few cases of genocide under other Convention States municipal laws and that "There are no reported cases in which the courts of these States have defined the type of group destruction the perpetrator must have intended in order to be found guilty of genocide".', " The ECHR reviewed judgements of international and municipal courts regarding the interpretation of genocide. The International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia and the International Court of Justice agreed on a narrow interpretation, requiring biological-physical destruction. At the time of the ECHR's judgement, few cases of genocide had been identified under other Convention States' laws, and there were no reported cases where the courts defined the intended group destruction for a genocide conviction. Only German courts had taken a broad view on the issue.", 8)
('After the Holocaust, which had been perpetrated by the Nazi Germany and its allies prior to and during World War II, Lemkin successfully campaigned for the universal acceptance of international laws defining and forbidding genocides. In 1946, the first session of the United Nations General Assembly adopted a resolution that "affirmed" that genocide was a crime under international law, but did not provide a legal definition of the crime. In 1948, the UN General Assembly adopted the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide (CPPCG) which defined the crime of genocide for the first time.', ' After the Holocaust, Lemkin advocated for international laws against genocide. In 1946, the UN General Assembly acknowledged genocide as a crime but lacked a definition. In 1948, they adopted the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide, which provided a definition.', 8)
("The first draft of the Convention included political killings, but these provisions were removed in a political and diplomatic compromise following objections from some countries, including the USSR, a permanent security council member. The USSR argued that the Convention's definition should follow the etymology of the term, and may have feared greater international scrutiny of its own Great Purge. Other nations feared that including political groups in the definition would invite international intervention in domestic politics. However leading genocide scholar William Schabas states: “Rigorous examination of the travaux fails to confirm a popular impression in the literature that the opposition to inclusion of political genocide was some Soviet machination. The Soviet views were also shared by a number of other States for whom it is difficult to establish any geographic or social common denominator: Lebanon, Sweden, Brazil, Peru, Venezuela, the Philippines, the Dominican Republic, Iran, Egypt, Belgium, and Uruguay. The exclusion of political groups was in fact originally promoted by a non-governmental organization, the World Jewish Congress, and it corresponded to Raphael Lemkin’s vision of the nature of the crime of genocide.” ", " The Convention's initial draft included political killings, but these were removed due to objections from countries like the USSR and others, based on concerns over international scrutiny and domestic politics. The USSR's stance was not solely driven by Soviet interests, as it was also shared by various other nations. The exclusion of political groups from the definition of genocide was initially proposed by the World Jewish Congress and aligned with Raphael Lemkin's vision.", 7)
('In 2007 the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR), noted in its judgement on Jorgic v. Germany case that in 1992 the majority of legal scholars took the narrow view that "intent to destroy" in the CPPCG meant the intended physical-biological destruction of the protected group and that this was still the majority opinion. But the ECHR also noted that a minority took a broader view and did not consider biological-physical destruction was necessary as the intent to destroy a national, racial, religious or ethnic group was enough to qualify as genocide.', ' In 2007, the European Court of Human Rights acknowledged that while most legal scholars held a narrow view of genocide under the CPPCG as requiring physical-biological destruction of a protected group, a minority held a broader view that the intent to destroy a national, racial, religious, or ethnic group was sufficient to qualify as genocide.', 8)
('The word genocide was later included as a descriptive term to the process of indictment, but not yet as a formal legal term According to Lemming, genocide was defined as "a coordinated strategy to destroy a group of people, a process that could be accomplished through total annihilation as well as strategies that eliminate key elements of the group\'s basic existence, including language, culture, and economic infrastructure.” He created a concept of mobilizing much of the international relations and community, to working together and preventing the occurrence of such events happening within history and the international society. Australian anthropologist Peg LeVine coined the term "ritualcide" to describe the destruction of a group\'s cultural identity without necessarily destroying its members.', ' The term "genocide" was added to indictments but not yet legally defined as such. Genocide refers to a strategic plan to destroy a group of people, achieved through total annihilation or elimination of their language, culture, and economic infrastructure. Anthropologist Raphael Lemming introduced this definition and advocated for international cooperation to prevent such events. Peg LeVine coined the term "ritualcide" for the destruction of a group\'s cultural identity without necessarily eliminating its members.', 7)
('The study of genocide has mainly been focused towards the legal aspect of the term. By formally recognizing the act of genocide as a crime, involves the undergoing prosecution that begins with not only seeing genocide as outrageous past any moral standpoint but also may be a legal liability within international relations. When genocide is looked at in a general aspect it is viewed as the deliberate killing of a certain group. Yet is commonly seen to escape the process of trial and prosecution due to the fact that genocide is more often than not committed by the officials in power of a state or area. In 1648 before the term genocide had been coined, the Peace of Westphalia was established to protect ethnic, national, racial and in some instances religious groups. During the 19th century humanitarian intervention was needed due to the fact of conflict and justification of some of the actions executed by the military.', ' The study of genocide has primarily focused on its legal aspect, with genocide recognized as a crime leading to prosecution. Genocide is defined as the deliberate killing of a specific group, but often goes unprosecuted due to perpetrators being in power. The Peace of Westphalia in 1648 aimed to protect ethnic, national, racial, and religious groups. Humanitarian intervention was necessary during the 19th century due to conflicts and military justifications.', 7)
('Genocide has become an official term used in international relations. The word genocide was not in use before 1944. Before this, in 1941, Winston Churchill described the mass killing of Russian prisoners of war and civilians as "a crime without a name". In that year, a Polish-Jewish lawyer named Raphael Lemkin, described the policies of systematic murder founded by the Nazis as genocide. The word genocide is the combination of the Greek prefix geno- (meaning tribe or race) and caedere (the Latin word for to kill). The word is defined as a specific set of violent crimes that are committed against a certain group with the attempt to remove the entire group from existence or to destroy them.', ' The term "genocide" was coined by Polish-Jewish lawyer Raphael Lemkin in 1944 to describe the Nazi policies of systematic murder against specific groups. The word is derived from the Greek prefix "geno-" (meaning tribe or race) and the Latin word "caedere" (to kill). Genocide refers to violent crimes committed with the intent to destroy or remove a particular group from existence. Before this, the mass killing of civilians and prisoners of war was referred to as a "crime without a name." Churchill used this term in 1941 regarding the mass killing of Russian prisoners and civilians.', 8)
('The judges continue in paragraph 12, "The determination of when the targeted part is substantial enough to meet this requirement may involve a number of considerations. The numeric size of the targeted part of the group is the necessary and important starting point, though not in all cases the ending point of the inquiry. The number of individuals targeted should be evaluated not only in absolute terms, but also in relation to the overall size of the entire group. In addition to the numeric size of the targeted portion, its prominence within the group can be a useful consideration. If a specific part of the group is emblematic of the overall group, or is essential to its survival, that may support a finding that the part qualifies as substantial within the meaning of Article 4 [of the Tribunal\'s Statute]."', " The determination of a substantial part in Article 4 of the Tribunals Statute involves considering the numeric size and prominence of the targeted group within the overall group. The numeric size is the starting point but not the ending point of the inquiry. The prominence of the targeted part, if emblematic or essential to the group's survival, can support a finding of substantiality.", 7)
('In paragraph 13 the judges raise the issue of the perpetrators\' access to the victims: "The historical examples of genocide also suggest that the area of the perpetrators’ activity and control, as well as the possible extent of their reach, should be considered. ... The intent to destroy formed by a perpetrator of genocide will always be limited by the opportunity presented to him. While this factor alone will not indicate whether the targeted group is substantial, it can—in combination with other factors—inform the analysis."', ' In paragraph 13, the judges discuss how the area of control and reach of perpetrators in genocides can limit their intent to destroy, and this factor, along with others, can inform the analysis of whether the targeted group is substantial.', 7)
("The Convention came into force as international law on 12 January 1951 after the minimum 20 countries became parties. At that time however, only two of the five permanent members of the UN Security Council were parties to the treaty: France and the Republic of China. The Soviet Union ratified in 1954, the United Kingdom in 1970, the People's Republic of China in 1983 (having replaced the Taiwan-based Republic of China on the UNSC in 1971), and the United States in 1988. This long delay in support for the Convention by the world's most powerful nations caused the Convention to languish for over four decades. Only in the 1990s did the international law on the crime of genocide begin to be enforced.", " The Convention on Genocide came into force in 1951 after 20 countries ratified it. Initially, only France and the Republic of China were among the five permanent UN Security Council members to join. The Soviet Union ratified in 1954, the United Kingdom in 1970, the People's Republic of China in 1983, and the United States in 1988. The significant delay in support from powerful nations led to a four-decade lapse in enforcing the Convention's international law on genocide. Enforcement began in the 1990s.", 8)
('Writing in 1998 Kurt Jonassohn and Karin Björnson stated that the CPPCG was a legal instrument resulting from a diplomatic compromise. As such the wording of the treaty is not intended to be a definition suitable as a research tool, and although it is used for this purpose, as it has an international legal credibility that others lack, other definitions have also been postulated. Jonassohn and Björnson go on to say that none of these alternative definitions have gained widespread support for various reasons.', ' In 1998, Kurt Jonassohn and Karin Björnson wrote that the CPPCG was a diplomatic compromise leading to a legally binding treaty with ambiguous wording. While it is used as a research tool due to its international credibility, alternative definitions have been proposed but none have gained widespread acceptance for various reasons.', 8)
('Jonassohn and Björnson postulate that the major reason why no single generally accepted genocide definition has emerged is because academics have adjusted their focus to emphasise different periods and have found it expedient to use slightly different definitions to help them interpret events. For example, Frank Chalk and Kurt Jonassohn studied the whole of human history, while Leo Kuper and R. J. Rummel in their more recent works concentrated on the 20th century, and Helen Fein, Barbara Harff and Ted Gurr have looked at post World War II events. Jonassohn and Björnson are critical of some of these studies, arguing that they are too expansive, and conclude that the academic discipline of genocide studies is too young to have a canon of work on which to build an academic paradigm.', ' Scholars have focused on different time periods in their studies of genocide, leading to various definitions and no widely accepted one. Frank Chalk and Kurt Jonassohn examined all of human history, Leo Kuper and R. J. Rummel focused on the 20th century, and Helen Fein, Barbara Harff, and Ted Gurr looked at post-WWII events. Jonassohn and Björnson criticize some studies for being too expansive and believe genocide studies are too young to establish a definitive academic paradigm.', 8)
('The exclusion of social and political groups as targets of genocide in the CPPCG legal definition has been criticized by some historians and sociologists, for example M. Hassan Kakar in his book The Soviet Invasion and the Afghan Response, 1979–1982 argues that the international definition of genocide is too restricted, and that it should include political groups or any group so defined by the perpetrator and quotes Chalk and Jonassohn: "Genocide is a form of one-sided mass killing in which a state or other authority intends to destroy a group, as that group and membership in it are defined by the perpetrator." While there are various definitions of the term, Adam Jones states that the majority of genocide scholars consider that "intent to destroy" is a requirement for any act to be labelled genocide, and that there is growing agreement on the inclusion of the physical destruction criterion.', ' Historian M. Hassan Kakar criticizes the limited definition of genocide in the CPPCG legal definition, arguing it should include political groups. He quotes Chalk and Jonassohn, stating genocide is "one-sided mass killing" with the intent to destroy a group as defined by the perpetrator. Most genocide scholars agree on the intent to destroy and physical destruction as requirements for the label.', 7)
('Barbara Harff and Ted Gurr defined genocide as "the promotion and execution of policies by a state or its agents which result in the deaths of a substantial portion of a group ...[when] the victimized groups are defined primarily in terms of their communal characteristics, i.e., ethnicity, religion or nationality." Harff and Gurr also differentiate between genocides and politicides by the characteristics by which members of a group are identified by the state. In genocides, the victimized groups are defined primarily in terms of their communal characteristics, i.e., ethnicity, religion or nationality. In politicides the victim groups are defined primarily in terms of their hierarchical position or political opposition to the regime and dominant groups. Daniel D. Polsby and Don B. Kates, Jr. state that "... we follow Harff\'s distinction between genocides and \'pogroms,\' which she describes as \'short-lived outbursts by mobs, which, although often condoned by authorities, rarely persist.\' If the violence persists for long enough, however, Harff argues, the distinction between condonation and complicity collapses."', " Barbara Harff and Ted Gurr defined genocide as state-perpetrated policies resulting in mass deaths of communal groups (ethnicity, religion, nationality). They distinguished genocides from politicides, where victims are identified by hierarchical position or political opposition. Daniel D. Polsby and Don B. Kates followed Harff's distinction between genocides and short-lived, condoned mob violence (pogroms), but noted that persisting violence collapses the distinction between condonation and complicity.", 8)
('According to R. J. Rummel, genocide has 3 different meanings. The ordinary meaning is murder by government of people due to their national, ethnic, racial, or religious group membership. The legal meaning of genocide refers to the international treaty, the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide. This also includes non-killings that in the end eliminate the group, such as preventing births or forcibly transferring children out of the group to another group. A generalized meaning of genocide is similar to the ordinary meaning but also includes government killings of political opponents or otherwise intentional murder. It is to avoid confusion regarding what meaning is intended that Rummel created the term democide for the third meaning.', ' R. J. Rummel distinguishes three meanings of genocide: the ordinary meaning (murder of people due to their national, ethnic, racial, or religious group membership by the government), the legal meaning (as defined by the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide, including non-killings that eliminate the group), and a generalized meaning (similar to the ordinary meaning but also including government killings of political opponents or intentional murders). To avoid confusion, Rummel uses the term "democide" for the third meaning.', 9)
("Highlighting the potential for state and non-state actors to commit genocide in the 21st century, for example, in failed states or as non-state actors acquire weapons of mass destruction, Adrian Gallagher defined genocide as 'When a source of collective power (usually a state) intentionally uses its power base to implement a process of destruction in order to destroy a group (as defined by the perpetrator), in whole or in substantial part, dependent upon relative group size'. The definition upholds the centrality of intent, the multidimensional understanding of destroy, broadens the definition of group identity beyond that of the 1948 definition yet argues that a substantial part of a group has to be destroyed before it can be classified as genocide (dependent on relative group size).", " The text discusses the possibility of genocide being committed by states and non-state actors in the 21st century. Adrian Gallagher's definition of genocide includes a source of power intentionally using its power base to destroy a group, as defined by the perpetrator, in whole or in substantial part, depending on the group size. This definition emphasizes intent and a multidimensional understanding of destruction, while broadening the definition of group identity and requiring a substantial part of the group to be destroyed for it to be classified as genocide.", 8)
('All signatories to the CPPCG are required to prevent and punish acts of genocide, both in peace and wartime, though some barriers make this enforcement difficult. In particular, some of the signatories—namely, Bahrain, Bangladesh, India, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, the United States, Vietnam, Yemen, and former Yugoslavia—signed with the proviso that no claim of genocide could be brought against them at the International Court of Justice without their consent. Despite official protests from other signatories (notably Cyprus and Norway) on the ethics and legal standing of these reservations, the immunity from prosecution they grant has been invoked from time to time, as when the United States refused to allow a charge of genocide brought against it by former Yugoslavia following the 1999 Kosovo War.', ' The CPPCG signatories, including Bahrain, Bangladesh, India, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, the United States, Vietnam, Yemen, and former Yugoslavia, are obligated to prevent and punish genocide but have reservations allowing them to consent before being brought to the International Court of Justice. Other signatories objected to these reservations, but they have been used, such as the US during the Kosovo War dispute with former Yugoslavia.', 8)
('Because the universal acceptance of international laws which in 1948 defined and forbade genocide with the promulgation of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide (CPPCG), those criminals who were prosecuted after the war in international courts for taking part in the Holocaust were found guilty of crimes against humanity and other more specific crimes like murder. Nevertheless, the Holocaust is universally recognized to have been a genocide and the term, that had been coined the year before by Raphael Lemkin, appeared in the indictment of the 24 Nazi leaders, Count 3, which stated that all the defendants had "conducted deliberate and systematic genocide—namely, the extermination of racial and national groups..."', ' The Holocaust, defined as genocide in the 1948 Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide, led to the prosecution of Nazi leaders for crimes against humanity and specific crimes like murder. The term "genocide" was used in the indictment of the 24 Nazi leaders, accusing them of conducting deliberate and systematic extermination of racial and national groups. The term "genocide" was coined by Raphael Lemkin the year before the convention was promulgated.', 8)
('On 12 July 2007, European Court of Human Rights when dismissing the appeal by Nikola Jorgić against his conviction for genocide by a German court (Jorgic v. Germany) noted that the German courts wider interpretation of genocide has since been rejected by international courts considering similar cases. The ECHR also noted that in the 21st century "Amongst scholars, the majority have taken the view that ethnic cleansing, in the way in which it was carried out by the Serb forces in Bosnia and Herzegovina in order to expel Muslims and Croats from their homes, did not constitute genocide. However, there are also a considerable number of scholars who have suggested that these acts did amount to genocide, and the ICTY has found in the Momcilo Krajisnik case that the actus reu, of genocide was met in Prijedor "With regard to the charge of genocide, the Chamber found that in spite of evidence of acts perpetrated in the municipalities which constituted the actus reus of genocide".', ' The European Court of Human Rights dismissed an appeal by Nikola Jorgić against his genocide conviction by a German court in 2007. The ECHR noted that the wider interpretation of genocide by German courts has been rejected by international courts. Scholars have debated whether ethnic cleansing in Bosnia and Herzegovina amounted to genocide, with some suggesting it did and others not. The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) found that the actus reus of genocide was met in Prijedor.', 7)
('About 30 people have been indicted for participating in genocide or complicity in genocide during the early 1990s in Bosnia. To date, after several plea bargains and some convictions that were successfully challenged on appeal two men, Vujadin Popović and Ljubiša Beara, have been found guilty of committing genocide, Zdravko Tolimir has been found guilty of committing genocide and conspiracy to commit genocide, and two others, Radislav Krstić and Drago Nikolić, have been found guilty of aiding and abetting genocide. Three others have been found guilty of participating in genocides in Bosnia by German courts, one of whom Nikola Jorgić lost an appeal against his conviction in the European Court of Human Rights. A further eight men, former members of the Bosnian Serb security forces were found guilty of genocide by the State Court of Bosnia and Herzegovina (See List of Bosnian genocide prosecutions).', ' Thirty people have been indicted for genocide or complicity in genocide during the early 1990s in Bosnia. Two men, Vujadin Popović and Ljubiša Beara, have been found guilty of committing genocide. Zdravko Tolimir has been found guilty of committing genocide and conspiracy to commit genocide. Radislav Krstić and Drago Nikolić have been found guilty of aiding and abetting genocide. Two others have been convicted by German courts. One conviction was overturned in the European Court of Human Rights. Eight former Bosnian Serb security force members have been found guilty of genocide by the State Court of Bosnia and Herzegovina.', 7)
('Slobodan Milošević, as the former President of Serbia and of Yugoslavia, was the most senior political figure to stand trial at the ICTY. He died on 11 March 2006 during his trial where he was accused of genocide or complicity in genocide in territories within Bosnia and Herzegovina, so no verdict was returned. In 1995, the ICTY issued a warrant for the arrest of Bosnian Serbs Radovan Karadžić and Ratko Mladić on several charges including genocide. On 21 July 2008, Karadžić was arrested in Belgrade, and he is currently in The Hague on trial accused of genocide among other crimes. Ratko Mladić was arrested on 26 May 2011 by Serbian special police in Lazarevo, Serbia. Karadzic was convicted of ten of the eleven charges laid against him and sentenced to 40 years in prison on March 24 2016.', ' Slobodan Milošević, former President of Serbia and Yugoslavia, stood trial at the ICTY for genocide charges but died before a verdict was reached in 2006. Warrants for the arrests of Radovan Karadžić and Ratko Mladić on genocide charges were issued by the ICTY in 1995. Karadžić was arrested in Belgrade in 2008 and is currently on trial in The Hague. Mladić was arrested in Serbia in 2011. Karadžić was convicted of ten charges and sentenced to 40 years in prison in 2016.', 8)
('The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR) is a court under the auspices of the United Nations for the prosecution of offenses committed in Rwanda during the genocide which occurred there during April 1994, commencing on 6 April. The ICTR was created on 8 November 1994 by the Security Council of the United Nations in order to judge those people responsible for the acts of genocide and other serious violations of the international law performed in the territory of Rwanda, or by Rwandan citizens in nearby states, between 1 January and 31 December 1994.', ' The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR) is a UN court established in November 1994 to prosecute genocide and serious international law violations in Rwanda from April to December 1994, committed in Rwanda or by Rwandan citizens in neighboring states.', 8)
('There has been much debate over categorizing the situation in Darfur as genocide. The ongoing conflict in Darfur, Sudan, which started in 2003, was declared a "genocide" by United States Secretary of State Colin Powell on 9 September 2004 in testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Since that time however, no other permanent member of the UN Security Council followed suit. In fact, in January 2005, an International Commission of Inquiry on Darfur, authorized by UN Security Council Resolution 1564 of 2004, issued a report to the Secretary-General stating that "the Government of the Sudan has not pursued a policy of genocide." Nevertheless, the Commission cautioned that "The conclusion that no genocidal policy has been pursued and implemented in Darfur by the Government authorities, directly or through the militias under their control, should not be taken in any way as detracting from the gravity of the crimes perpetrated in that region. International offences such as the crimes against humanity and war crimes that have been committed in Darfur may be no less serious and heinous than genocide."', ' The conflict in Darfur, Sudan, which began in 2003, was labeled as genocide by US Secretary of State Colin Powell in 2004, but no other permanent UN Security Council member agreed. In January 2005, an International Commission of Inquiry reported that the Sudanese government had not pursued a policy of genocide, but warned that crimes against humanity and war crimes had been committed in Darfur, which are equally serious.', 8)
('In March 2005, the Security Council formally referred the situation in Darfur to the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, taking into account the Commission report but without mentioning any specific crimes. Two permanent members of the Security Council, the United States and China, abstained from the vote on the referral resolution. As of his fourth report to the Security Council, the Prosecutor has found "reasonable grounds to believe that the individuals identified [in the UN Security Council Resolution 1593] have committed crimes against humanity and war crimes," but did not find sufficient evidence to prosecute for genocide.', " In March 2005, the Security Council referred the Darfur situation to the International Criminal Court's Prosecutor based on a commission report, with the US and China abstaining from the vote. The Prosecutor identified individuals for crimes against humanity and war crimes but lacked sufficient evidence for genocide.", 8)
('Other authors have focused on the structural conditions leading up to genocide and the psychological and social processes that create an evolution toward genocide. Ervin Staub showed that economic deterioration and political confusion and disorganization were starting points of increasing discrimination and violence in many instances of genocides and mass killing. They lead to scapegoating a group and ideologies that identified that group as an enemy. A history of devaluation of the group that becomes the victim, past violence against the group that becomes the perpetrator leading to psychological wounds, authoritarian cultures and political systems, and the passivity of internal and external witnesses (bystanders) all contribute to the probability that the violence develops into genocide. Intense conflict between groups that is unresolved, becomes intractable and violent can also lead to genocide. The conditions that lead to genocide provide guidance to early prevention, such as humanizing a devalued group, creating ideologies that embrace all groups, and activating bystander responses. There is substantial research to indicate how this can be done, but information is only slowly transformed into action.', ' Other authors examine the causes of genocide, including economic deterioration, political confusion, scapegoating, group devaluation, past violence, authoritarian cultures, political systems, and unresolved group conflicts. These conditions increase the likelihood of genocide and provide guidance for prevention through humanization, ideology, and bystander responses. Substantial research exists on effective prevention methods, but implementation is slow.', 8)
('The emergence of resistance of bacteria to antibiotics is a common phenomenon. Emergence of resistance often reflects evolutionary processes that take place during antibiotic therapy. The antibiotic treatment may select for bacterial strains with physiologically or genetically enhanced capacity to survive high doses of antibiotics. Under certain conditions, it may result in preferential growth of resistant bacteria, while growth of susceptible bacteria is inhibited by the drug. For example, antibacterial selection for strains having previously acquired antibacterial-resistance genes was demonstrated in 1943 by the Luria–Delbrück experiment. Antibiotics such as penicillin and erythromycin, which used to have a high efficacy against many bacterial species and strains, have become less effective, due to the increased resistance of many bacterial strains.', ' The use of antibiotics can lead to the emergence of antibiotic-resistant bacteria through evolutionary processes. Antibiotic treatment may favor the growth of resistant strains over susceptible ones. An example of this phenomenon was observed in the Luria-Delbrück experiment in 1943. The effectiveness of antibiotics like penicillin and erythromycin has decreased due to the increased resistance of many bacterial strains.', 8)
('The successful outcome of antimicrobial therapy with antibacterial compounds depends on several factors. These include host defense mechanisms, the location of infection, and the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties of the antibacterial. A bactericidal activity of antibacterials may depend on the bacterial growth phase, and it often requires ongoing metabolic activity and division of bacterial cells. These findings are based on laboratory studies, and in clinical settings have also been shown to eliminate bacterial infection. Since the activity of antibacterials depends frequently on its concentration, in vitro characterization of antibacterial activity commonly includes the determination of the minimum inhibitory concentration and minimum bactericidal concentration of an antibacterial. To predict clinical outcome, the antimicrobial activity of an antibacterial is usually combined with its pharmacokinetic profile, and several pharmacological parameters are used as markers of drug efficacy.', ' The success of antimicrobial therapy with antibacterial compounds depends on host defense mechanisms, location of infection, bacterial growth phase, metabolic activity, and division of bacterial cells. Antibacterial activity may require ongoing metabolism and bacterial division. Laboratory studies show that minimum inhibitory concentration and minimum bactericidal concentration determine antibacterial activity. Clinical outcomes are predicted by combining antibacterial activity with pharmacokinetic profile, using pharmacological parameters as markers of drug efficacy.', 8)
('Antibacterial antibiotics are commonly classified based on their mechanism of action, chemical structure, or spectrum of activity. Most target bacterial functions or growth processes. Those that target the bacterial cell wall (penicillins and cephalosporins) or the cell membrane (polymyxins), or interfere with essential bacterial enzymes (rifamycins, lipiarmycins, quinolones, and sulfonamides) have bactericidal activities. Those that target protein synthesis (macrolides, lincosamides and tetracyclines) are usually bacteriostatic (with the exception of bactericidal aminoglycosides). Further categorization is based on their target specificity. "Narrow-spectrum" antibacterial antibiotics target specific types of bacteria, such as Gram-negative or Gram-positive bacteria, whereas broad-spectrum antibiotics affect a wide range of bacteria. Following a 40-year hiatus in discovering new classes of antibacterial compounds, four new classes of antibacterial antibiotics have been brought into clinical use in the late 2000s and early 2010s: cyclic lipopeptides (such as daptomycin), glycylcyclines (such as tigecycline), oxazolidinones (such as linezolid), and lipiarmycins (such as fidaxomicin).', ' Antibacterial antibiotics are classified based on mechanism of action, chemical structure, or spectrum of activity. They target bacterial functions or growth processes, cell wall, cell membrane, or essential bacterial enzymes. Bactericidal antibiotics include those targeting cell wall, cell membrane, and essential enzymes, while bacteriostatic antibiotics target protein synthesis, except for bactericidal aminoglycosides. Narrow-spectrum antibiotics target specific bacteria, while broad-spectrum antibiotics affect a wide range. Four new classes of antibacterial antibiotics were introduced in late 2000s and early 2010s: cyclic lipopeptides, glycylcyclines, oxazolidinones, and lipiarmycins.', 8)
('With advances in medicinal chemistry, most modern antibacterials are semisynthetic modifications of various natural compounds. These include, for example, the beta-lactam antibiotics, which include the penicillins (produced by fungi in the genus Penicillium), the cephalosporins, and the carbapenems. Compounds that are still isolated from living organisms are the aminoglycosides, whereas other antibacterials—for example, the sulfonamides, the quinolones, and the oxazolidinones—are produced solely by chemical synthesis. Many antibacterial compounds are relatively small molecules with a molecular weight of less than 2000 atomic mass units.[citation needed]', ' Modern antibacterials are primarily semisynthetic derivatives of natural compounds such as penicillins, cephalosporins, and carbapenems. Aminoglycosides are still obtained from living organisms, while sulfonamides, quinolones, and oxazolidinones are synthesized chemically. The majority of antibacterial compounds have a molecular weight under 2000 atomic mass units.', 8)
('Antibiotics revolutionized medicine in the 20th century, and have together with vaccination led to the near eradication of diseases such as tuberculosis in the developed world. Their effectiveness and easy access led to overuse, especially in livestock raising, prompting bacteria to develop resistance. This has led to widespread problems with antimicrobial and antibiotic resistance, so much as to prompt the World Health Organization to classify antimicrobial resistance as a "serious threat [that] is no longer a prediction for the future, it is happening right now in every region of the world and has the potential to affect anyone, of any age, in any country".', ' Antibiotics, which revolutionized medicine and helped eradicate diseases like tuberculosis, have led to overuse and resistance in bacteria, resulting in a serious global issue of antimicrobial and antibiotic resistance, as classified by the World Health Organization.', 8)
('In empirical therapy, a patient has proven or suspected infection, but the responsible microorganism is not yet unidentified. While the microorgainsim is being identified the doctor will usually administer the best choice of antibiotic that will be most active against the likely cause of infection usually a broad spectrum antibiotic. Empirical therapy is usually initiated before the doctor knows the exact identification of microorgansim causing the infection as the identification process make take several days in the laboratory.', ' In empirical therapy, a doctor administers a broad-spectrum antibiotic to a patient with suspected infection before the responsible microorganism is identified in the laboratory.', 8)
('Antibiotics are screened for any negative effects on humans or other mammals before approval for clinical use, and are usually considered safe and most are well tolerated. However, some antibiotics have been associated with a range of adverse side effects. Side-effects range from mild to very serious depending on the antibiotics used, the microbial organisms targeted, and the individual patient. Side effects may reflect the pharmacological or toxicological properties of the antibiotic or may involve hypersensitivity reactions or anaphylaxis. Safety profiles of newer drugs are often not as well established as for those that have a long history of use. Adverse effects range from fever and nausea to major allergic reactions, including photodermatitis and anaphylaxis. Common side-effects include diarrhea, resulting from disruption of the species composition in the intestinal flora, resulting, for example, in overgrowth of pathogenic bacteria, such as Clostridium difficile. Antibacterials can also affect the vaginal flora, and may lead to overgrowth of yeast species of the genus Candida in the vulvo-vaginal area. Additional side-effects can result from interaction with other drugs, such as elevated risk of tendon damage from administration of a quinolone antibiotic with a systemic corticosteroid. Some scientists have hypothesized that the indiscriminate use of antibiotics alter the host microbiota and this has been associated with chronic disease.', ' Antibiotics may have mild to serious side effects, ranging from fever and nausea to allergic reactions and disruption of intestinal flora leading to overgrowth of pathogenic bacteria or yeast. Safety profiles of newer drugs are less established. Interactions with other drugs can also cause additional side-effects. Some scientists hypothesize that indiscriminate use of antibiotics can alter the host microbiota and contribute to chronic diseases.', 8)
('Exposure to antibiotics early in life is associated with increased body mass in humans and mouse models. Early life is a critical period for the establishment of the intestinal microbiota and for metabolic development. Mice exposed to subtherapeutic antibiotic treatment (STAT)– with either penicillin, vancomycin, penicillin and vancomycin, or chlortetracycline had altered composition of the gut microbiota as well as its metabolic capabilities. Moreover, research have shown that mice given low-dose penicillin (1 μg/g body weight) around birth and throughout the weaning process had an increased body mass and fat mass, accelerated growth, and increased hepatic expression of genes involved in adipogenesis, compared to controlled mice. In addition, penicillin in combination with a high-fat diet increased fasting insulin levels in mice. However, it is unclear whether or not antibiotics cause obesity in humans. Studies have found a correlation between early exposure of antibiotics (<6 months) and increased body mass (at 10 and 20 months). Another study found that the type of antibiotic exposure was also significant with the highest risk of being overweight in those given macrolides compared to penicillin and cephalosporin. Therefore, there is correlation between antibiotic exposure in early life and obesity in humans, but whether or not there is a causal relationship remains unclear. Although there is a correlation between antibiotic use in early life and obesity, the effect of antibiotics on obesity in humans needs to be weighed against the beneficial effects of clinically indicated treatment with antibiotics in infancy.', ' Early life antibiotic exposure is linked to increased body mass in humans and mice. This period is crucial for intestinal microbiota development and metabolism. Mice given subtherapeutic antibiotic treatment had altered gut microbiota and metabolic capabilities. Penicillin exposure during weaning led to increased body and fat mass, accelerated growth, and heightened adipogenesis gene expression. Penicillin and high-fat diet combination increased fasting insulin levels in mice. Correlation exists between early antibiotic exposure and obesity in humans, but causality is uncertain. Studies found increased body mass in humans exposed to antibiotics before six months, with macrolides posing the highest risk. The benefits of antibiotic treatment in infancy should be weighed against potential obesity risks.', 8)
("The majority of studies indicate antibiotics do interfere with contraceptive pills, such as clinical studies that suggest the failure rate of contraceptive pills caused by antibiotics is very low (about 1%). In cases where antibacterials have been suggested to affect the efficiency of birth control pills, such as for the broad-spectrum antibacterial rifampicin, these cases may be due to an increase in the activities of hepatic liver enzymes' causing increased breakdown of the pill's active ingredients. Effects on the intestinal flora, which might result in reduced absorption of estrogens in the colon, have also been suggested, but such suggestions have been inconclusive and controversial. Clinicians have recommended that extra contraceptive measures be applied during therapies using antibacterials that are suspected to interact with oral contraceptives.", ' The interference of antibiotics with contraceptive pills is a topic of clinical studies. The failure rate is low, around 1%, but some antibiotics like rifampicin may affect pill efficiency due to increased liver enzyme activities. Controversial suggestions also exist regarding reduced absorption of estrogens in the colon due to intestinal flora changes. Clinicians advise additional contraceptive measures during antibacterial therapies suspected to interact with oral contraceptives.', 8)
('Interactions between alcohol and certain antibiotics may occur and may cause side-effects and decreased effectiveness of antibiotic therapy. While moderate alcohol consumption is unlikely to interfere with many common antibiotics, there are specific types of antibiotics with which alcohol consumption may cause serious side-effects. Therefore, potential risks of side-effects and effectiveness depend on the type of antibiotic administered. Despite the lack of a categorical counterindication, the belief that alcohol and antibiotics should never be mixed is widespread.', ' Alcohol consumption may interact with certain antibiotics, causing side-effects and decreased effectiveness. Moderate alcohol use is generally unlikely to interfere with common antibiotics, but specific types may cause serious side-effects. The risks depend on the antibiotic administered. Despite this, the belief that alcohol and antibiotics should not be mixed is common.', 8)
('Several molecular mechanisms of antibacterial resistance exist. Intrinsic antibacterial resistance may be part of the genetic makeup of bacterial strains. For example, an antibiotic target may be absent from the bacterial genome. Acquired resistance results from a mutation in the bacterial chromosome or the acquisition of extra-chromosomal DNA. Antibacterial-producing bacteria have evolved resistance mechanisms that have been shown to be similar to, and may have been transferred to, antibacterial-resistant strains. The spread of antibacterial resistance often occurs through vertical transmission of mutations during growth and by genetic recombination of DNA by horizontal genetic exchange. For instance, antibacterial resistance genes can be exchanged between different bacterial strains or species via plasmids that carry these resistance genes. Plasmids that carry several different resistance genes can confer resistance to multiple antibacterials. Cross-resistance to several antibacterials may also occur when a resistance mechanism encoded by a single gene conveys resistance to more than one antibacterial compound.', ' The text discusses various mechanisms of antibacterial resistance. Intrinsic resistance is genetic, while acquired resistance results from mutations or extra-chromosomal DNA. Bacteria producing antibiotics have developed resistance mechanisms, which can be transferred to antibiotic-resistant strains. Resistance spreads through vertical transmission and horizontal genetic exchange, including plasmids carrying multiple resistance genes leading to cross-resistance to several antibiotics.', 8)
('Antibacterial-resistant strains and species, sometimes referred to as "superbugs", now contribute to the emergence of diseases that were for a while well controlled. For example, emergent bacterial strains causing tuberculosis (TB) that are resistant to previously effective antibacterial treatments pose many therapeutic challenges. Every year, nearly half a million new cases of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) are estimated to occur worldwide. For example, NDM-1 is a newly identified enzyme conveying bacterial resistance to a broad range of beta-lactam antibacterials. The United Kingdom\'s Health Protection Agency has stated that "most isolates with NDM-1 enzyme are resistant to all standard intravenous antibiotics for treatment of severe infections."', ' Antibacterial-resistant strains, or "superbugs," are emerging and causing previously controlled diseases. MDR-TB, caused by resistant strains, is a significant issue with an estimated 500,000 new cases annually. NDM-1 is a new enzyme that confers resistance to a broad range of beta-lactam antibiotics, and most bacteria with this enzyme are resistant to standard intravenous antibiotics.', 8)
('Inappropriate antibiotic treatment and overuse of antibiotics have contributed to the emergence of antibiotic-resistant bacteria. Self prescription of antibiotics is an example of misuse. Many antibiotics are frequently prescribed to treat symptoms or diseases that do not respond to antibiotics or that are likely to resolve without treatment. Also, incorrect or suboptimal antibiotics are prescribed for certain bacterial infections. The overuse of antibiotics, like penicillin and erythromycin, has been associated with emerging antibiotic resistance since the 1950s. Widespread usage of antibiotics in hospitals has also been associated with increases in bacterial strains and species that no longer respond to treatment with the most common antibiotics.', " The misuse and overuse of antibiotics have led to the development of antibiotic-resistant bacteria. This includes self-prescription and prescribing antibiotics for conditions that don't require them or for which they are not effective. Overuse of antibiotics like penicillin and erythromycin since the 1950s has contributed to emerging resistance. Inappropriate antibiotic use in hospitals has also resulted in bacterial strains and species that are no longer susceptible to common antibiotics.", 8)
('Common forms of antibiotic misuse include excessive use of prophylactic antibiotics in travelers and failure of medical professionals to prescribe the correct dosage of antibiotics on the basis of the patient\'s weight and history of prior use. Other forms of misuse include failure to take the entire prescribed course of the antibiotic, incorrect dosage and administration, or failure to rest for sufficient recovery. Inappropriate antibiotic treatment, for example, is their prescription to treat viral infections such as the common cold. One study on respiratory tract infections found "physicians were more likely to prescribe antibiotics to patients who appeared to expect them". Multifactorial interventions aimed at both physicians and patients can reduce inappropriate prescription of antibiotics.', ' Common antibiotic misuses include excessive use of prophylactic antibiotics, incorrect dosages, failure to finish prescribed courses, and inappropriate prescription for viral infections. Factors influencing inappropriate prescriptions include patient expectations. Interventions targeting both physicians and patients can reduce inappropriate antibiotic prescriptions.', 8)
('Several organizations concerned with antimicrobial resistance are lobbying to eliminate the unnecessary use of antibiotics. The issues of misuse and overuse of antibiotics have been addressed by the formation of the US Interagency Task Force on Antimicrobial Resistance. This task force aims to actively address antimicrobial resistance, and is coordinated by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), and the National Institutes of Health (NIH), as well as other US agencies. An NGO campaign group is Keep Antibiotics Working. In France, an "Antibiotics are not automatic" government campaign started in 2002 and led to a marked reduction of unnecessary antibiotic prescriptions, especially in children.', ' Several organizations are advocating against unnecessary antibiotic use. The US Interagency Task Force on Antimicrobial Resistance, led by the CDC, FDA, NIH, and other US agencies, aims to address antimicrobial resistance. An NGO campaign is Keep Antibiotics Working. France initiated a campaign in 2002, "Antibiotics are not automatic," resulting in fewer unnecessary prescriptions, particularly for children.', 8)
("The emergence of antibiotic resistance has prompted restrictions on their use in the UK in 1970 (Swann report 1969), and the EU has banned the use of antibiotics as growth-promotional agents since 2003. Moreover, several organizations (e.g., The American Society for Microbiology (ASM), American Public Health Association (APHA) and the American Medical Association (AMA)) have called for restrictions on antibiotic use in food animal production and an end to all nontherapeutic uses.[citation needed] However, commonly there are delays in regulatory and legislative actions to limit the use of antibiotics, attributable partly to resistance against such regulation by industries using or selling antibiotics, and to the time required for research to test causal links between their use and resistance to them. Two federal bills (S.742 and H.R. 2562) aimed at phasing out nontherapeutic use of antibiotics in US food animals were proposed, but have not passed. These bills were endorsed by public health and medical organizations, including the American Holistic Nurses' Association, the American Medical Association, and the American Public Health Association (APHA).", ' The use of antibiotics in food animal production has been restricted in the UK since 1970 and banned as growth promoters in the EU since 2003 due to antibiotic resistance. Various organizations have advocated for further restrictions and an end to nontherapeutic uses. Delays in regulatory and legislative actions have occurred due to industry resistance and the need for research on causal links between antibiotic use and resistance. Two bills in the US aimed at phasing out nontherapeutic use of antibiotics in food animals have been proposed but not passed, and were supported by several health and medical organizations.', 8)
('There has been extensive use of antibiotics in animal husbandry. In the United States, the question of emergence of antibiotic-resistant bacterial strains due to use of antibiotics in livestock was raised by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1977. In March 2012, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, ruling in an action brought by the Natural Resources Defense Council and others, ordered the FDA to revoke approvals for the use of antibiotics in livestock, which violated FDA regulations.', ' The FDA raised concerns about antibiotic-resistant bacterial strains from the use of antibiotics in livestock in the US since 1977. In 2012, a court ordered the FDA to revoke approvals for such use due to violations of FDA regulations.', 8)
('Before the early 20th century, treatments for infections were based primarily on medicinal folklore. Mixtures with antimicrobial properties that were used in treatments of infections were described over 2000 years ago. Many ancient cultures, including the ancient Egyptians and ancient Greeks, used specially selected mold and plant materials and extracts to treat infections. More recent observations made in the laboratory of antibiosis between microorganisms led to the discovery of natural antibacterials produced by microorganisms. Louis Pasteur observed, "if we could intervene in the antagonism observed between some bacteria, it would offer perhaps the greatest hopes for therapeutics". The term \'antibiosis\', meaning "against life", was introduced by the French bacteriologist Jean Paul Vuillemin as a descriptive name of the phenomenon exhibited by these early antibacterial drugs. Antibiosis was first described in 1877 in bacteria when Louis Pasteur and Robert Koch observed that an airborne bacillus could inhibit the growth of Bacillus anthracis. These drugs were later renamed antibiotics by Selman Waksman, an American microbiologist, in 1942. Synthetic antibiotic chemotherapy as a science and development of antibacterials began in Germany with Paul Ehrlich in the late 1880s. Ehrlich noted certain dyes would color human, animal, or bacterial cells, whereas others did not. He then proposed the idea that it might be possible to create chemicals that would act as a selective drug that would bind to and kill bacteria without harming the human host. After screening hundreds of dyes against various organisms, in 1907, he discovered a medicinally useful drug, the synthetic antibacterial salvarsan now called arsphenamine.', ' Before the 20th century, infections were treated using ancient folklore remedies with antimicrobial properties. Ancient civilizations, such as the Egyptians and Greeks, used mold, plants, and extracts. Antibiosis, or the antagonism between microorganisms, led to the discovery of natural antibacterials produced by microorganisms. The term antibiosis was introduced by Jean Paul Vuillemin in 1877. Antibiosis was observed in bacteria by Louis Pasteur and Robert Koch. Antibiotics, previously called antibiosis, were first discovered by Selman Waksman in 1942. Paul Ehrlich began synthetic antibiotic chemotherapy in Germany in the late 1880s, proposing the idea of creating selective drugs that would bind to and kill bacteria without harming the human host. He discovered the first medicinally useful drug, salvarsan, in 1907.', 7)
('The effects of some types of mold on infection had been noticed many times over the course of history (see: History of penicillin). In 1928, Alexander Fleming noticed the same effect in a Petri dish, where a number of disease-causing bacteria were killed by a fungus of the genus Penicillium. Fleming postulated that the effect is mediated by an antibacterial compound he named penicillin, and that its antibacterial properties could be exploited for chemotherapy. He initially characterized some of its biological properties, and attempted to use a crude preparation to treat some infections, but he was unable to pursue its further development without the aid of trained chemists.', " In history, mold's ability to kill bacteria was observed. In 1928, Alexander Fleming discovered this effect in a Petri dish with Penicillium fungus killing bacteria. He named the antibacterial compound produced by it as penicillin and recognized its potential for chemotherapy. Fleming initially studied its properties but couldn't develop it further without chemists' help.", 8)
('The first sulfonamide and first commercially available antibacterial, Prontosil, was developed by a research team led by Gerhard Domagk in 1932 at the Bayer Laboratories of the IG Farben conglomerate in Germany. Domagk received the 1939 Nobel Prize for Medicine for his efforts. Prontosil had a relatively broad effect against Gram-positive cocci, but not against enterobacteria. Research was stimulated apace by its success. The discovery and development of this sulfonamide drug opened the era of antibacterials.', ' In 1932, Gerhard Domagk and his team at Bayer Laboratories developed the first sulfonamide and commercially available antibacterial drug, Prontosil. Domagk received the Nobel Prize for Medicine in 1939 for his work. Prontosil was effective against Gram-positive cocci but not enterobacteria. Its success led to increased research in antibacterial drugs, marking the beginning of the antibacterial era.', 8)
('In 1939, coinciding with the start of World War II, Rene Dubos reported the discovery of the first naturally derived antibiotic, tyrothricin, a compound of 20% gramicidin and 80% tyrocidine, from B. brevis. It was one of the first commercially manufactured antibiotics universally and was very effective in treating wounds and ulcers during World War II. Gramicidin, however, could not be used systemically because of toxicity. Tyrocidine also proved too toxic for systemic usage. Research results obtained during that period were not shared between the Axis and the Allied powers during the war.', ' In 1939, Rene Dubos discovered tyrothricin, a antibiotic made up of 20% gramicidin and 80% tyrocidine, from B. brevis, marking the first naturally derived antibiotic. Effective in treating wounds and ulcers during World War II, it was widely manufactured. Gramicidin and tyrocidine were both too toxic for systemic use. Research findings from this era were not shared between the Axis and Allied powers during the war.', 8)
("Florey and Chain succeeded in purifying the first penicillin, penicillin G, in 1942, but it did not become widely available outside the Allied military before 1945. Later, Norman Heatley developed the back extraction technique for efficiently purifying penicillin in bulk. The chemical structure of penicillin was determined by Dorothy Crowfoot Hodgkin in 1945. Purified penicillin displayed potent antibacterial activity against a wide range of bacteria and had low toxicity in humans. Furthermore, its activity was not inhibited by biological constituents such as pus, unlike the synthetic sulfonamides. The discovery of such a powerful antibiotic was unprecedented, and the development of penicillin led to renewed interest in the search for antibiotic compounds with similar efficacy and safety. For their successful development of penicillin, which Fleming had accidentally discovered but could not develop himself, as a therapeutic drug, Ernst Chain and Howard Florey shared the 1945 Nobel Prize in Medicine with Fleming. Florey credited Dubos with pioneering the approach of deliberately and systematically searching for antibacterial compounds, which had led to the discovery of gramicidin and had revived Florey's research in penicillin.", " In 1942, Florey and Chain purified the first penicillin (penicillin G), but it wasn't widely available until 1945. Norman Heatley developed an efficient method for bulk purification. Dorothy Crowfoot Hodgkin determined penicillin's chemical structure in 1945. Penicillin had strong antibacterial activity, low toxicity, and was not inhibited by biological constituents. Its discovery led to renewed interest in antibiotics. Florey, Chain, and Fleming shared the 1945 Nobel Prize in Medicine for penicillin's development. Dubos pioneered the search for antibacterial compounds, inspiring Florey's work on penicillin.", 8)
('Vaccines rely on immune modulation or augmentation. Vaccination either excites or reinforces the immune competence of a host to ward off infection, leading to the activation of macrophages, the production of antibodies, inflammation, and other classic immune reactions. Antibacterial vaccines have been responsible for a drastic reduction in global bacterial diseases. Vaccines made from attenuated whole cells or lysates have been replaced largely by less reactogenic, cell-free vaccines consisting of purified components, including capsular polysaccharides and their conjugates, to protein carriers, as well as inactivated toxins (toxoids) and proteins.', ' Vaccines stimulate the immune system to fight infections, resulting in macrophage activation, antibody production, inflammation, and other immune responses. Bacterial vaccines have significantly decreased global bacterial diseases. Replaced by less reactogenic vaccines are those made from whole cells or lysates, now are cell-free vaccines consisting of purified components like capsular polysaccharides, protein carriers, inactivated toxins, and proteins.', 8)
('Phage therapy is another option that is being looked into for treating resistant strains of bacteria. The way that researchers are doing this is by infecting pathogenic bacteria with their own viruses, more specifically, bacteriophages. Bacteriophages, also known simply as phages, are precisely bacterial viruses that infect bacteria by disrupting pathogenic bacterium lytic cycles. By disrupting the lytic cycles of bacterium, phages destroy their metabolism, which eventually results in the cell\'s death. Phages will insert their DNA into the bacterium, allowing their DNA to be transcribed. Once their DNA is transcribed the cell will proceed to make new phages and as soon as they are ready to be released, the cell will lyse. One of the worries about using phages to fight pathogens is that the phages will infect "good" bacteria, or the bacteria that are important in the everyday function of human beings. However, studies have proven that phages are very specific when they target bacteria, which makes researchers confident that bacteriophage therapy is the definite route to defeating antibiotic resistant bacteria.', ' Phage therapy uses bacteriophages, or bacterial viruses, to disrupt and destroy pathogenic bacteria by infecting and lysing their cells. Phages insert their DNA into the bacterium, allowing for new phage production and eventual cell lysis. Concerns about phage therapy include potential harm to beneficial bacteria, but studies show specificity in phage targeting.', 8)
("In April 2013, the Infectious Disease Society of America (IDSA) reported that the weak antibiotic pipeline does not match bacteria's increasing ability to develop resistance. Since 2009, only 2 new antibiotics were approved in the United States. The number of new antibiotics approved for marketing per year declines continuously. The report identified seven antibiotics against the Gram-negative bacilli (GNB) currently in phase 2 or phase 3 clinical trials. However, these drugs do not address the entire spectrum of resistance of GNB. Some of these antibiotics are combination of existent treatments:", " In April 2013, IDSA reported a mismatch between bacterial resistance and the weak antibiotic pipeline. Since 2009, only 2 new antibiotics were approved in the US. The number of new antibiotics approved per year decreases continuously. Seven antibiotics against Gram-negative bacilli (GNB) are in phase 2 or 3 clinical trials, but they don't fully address GNB resistance spectrum. Some of these antibiotics are combinations of existing treatments.", 8)
('Possible improvements include clarification of clinical trial regulations by FDA. Furthermore, appropriate economic incentives could persuade pharmaceutical companies to invest in this endeavor. Antibiotic Development to Advance Patient Treatment (ADAPT) Act aims to fast track the drug development to combat the growing threat of \'superbugs\'. Under this Act, FDA can approve antibiotics and antifungals treating life-threatening infections based on smaller clinical trials. The CDC will monitor the use of antibiotics and the emerging resistance, and publish the data. The FDA antibiotics labeling process, \'Susceptibility Test Interpretive Criteria for Microbial Organisms\' or \'breakpoints\', will provide accurate data to healthcare professionals. According to Allan Coukell, senior director for health programs at The Pew Charitable Trusts, "By allowing drug developers to rely on smaller datasets, and clarifying FDA\'s authority to tolerate a higher level of uncertainty for these drugs when making a risk/benefit calculation, ADAPT would make the clinical trials more feasible."', ' The text discusses ways to improve antibiotic development, including FDA regulation clarification and economic incentives. The Antibiotic Development to Advance Patient Treatment (ADAPT) Act aims to fast track antibiotic approval for life-threatening infections using smaller clinical trials. The CDC will monitor antibiotic use and resistance, and publish data. The FDA will provide accurate labeling data. ADAPT allows developers to rely on smaller datasets and tolerate higher uncertainty for risk/benefit calculations, making trials more feasible.', 8)
('Frédéric François Chopin (/ˈʃoʊpæn/; French pronunciation: \u200b[fʁe.de.ʁik fʁɑ̃.swa ʃɔ.pɛ̃]; 22 February or 1 March 1810 – 17 October 1849), born Fryderyk Franciszek Chopin,[n 1] was a Polish and French (by citizenship and birth of father) composer and a virtuoso pianist of the Romantic era, who wrote primarily for the solo piano. He gained and has maintained renown worldwide as one of the leading musicians of his era, whose "poetic genius was based on a professional technique that was without equal in his generation." Chopin was born in what was then the Duchy of Warsaw, and grew up in Warsaw, which after 1815 became part of Congress Poland. A child prodigy, he completed his musical education and composed his earlier works in Warsaw before leaving Poland at the age of 20, less than a month before the outbreak of the November 1830 Uprising.', ' Frédéric Chopin, born Fryderyk Franciszek Chopin, was a Polish-French composer and pianist of the Romantic era, renowned for his poetic genius and unmatched professional technique. Born in the Duchy of Warsaw, he received musical education and composed early works in Warsaw before leaving Poland at age 20, just before the November 1830 Uprising.', 8)
('At the age of 21 he settled in Paris. Thereafter, during the last 18 years of his life, he gave only some 30 public performances, preferring the more intimate atmosphere of the salon. He supported himself by selling his compositions and teaching piano, for which he was in high demand. Chopin formed a friendship with Franz Liszt and was admired by many of his musical contemporaries, including Robert Schumann. In 1835 he obtained French citizenship. After a failed engagement to Maria Wodzińska, from 1837 to 1847 he maintained an often troubled relationship with the French writer George Sand. A brief and unhappy visit to Majorca with Sand in 1838–39 was one of his most productive periods of composition. In his last years, he was financially supported by his admirer Jane Stirling, who also arranged for him to visit Scotland in 1848. Through most of his life, Chopin suffered from poor health. He died in Paris in 1849, probably of tuberculosis.', " At the age of 21, Chopin moved to Paris and gave only a few public performances in the following 18 years, preferring the salon. He earned a living by selling compositions and teaching piano. Chopin befriended Franz Liszt and was admired by Robert Schumann. In 1835, he became a French citizen. He had a troubled relationship with George Sand from 1837 to 1847, with a productive composition period during their visit to Majorca in 1838-39. In his last years, Chopin was financially supported by Jane Stirling and visited Scotland in 1848. Chopin's health was poor throughout his life, and he died in Paris in 1849, likely from tuberculosis.", 8)
("All of Chopin's compositions include the piano. Most are for solo piano, though he also wrote two piano concertos, a few chamber pieces, and some songs to Polish lyrics. His keyboard style is highly individual and often technically demanding; his own performances were noted for their nuance and sensitivity. Chopin invented the concept of instrumental ballade. His major piano works also include mazurkas, waltzes, nocturnes, polonaises, études, impromptus, scherzos, preludes and sonatas, some published only after his death. Influences on his compositional style include Polish folk music, the classical tradition of J. S. Bach, Mozart and Schubert, the music of all of whom he admired, as well as the Paris salons where he was a frequent guest. His innovations in style, musical form, and harmony, and his association of music with nationalism, were influential throughout and after the late Romantic period.", " Chopin is known for composing piano pieces, including solo works, concertos, chamber music, and songs. His piano style is unique and technically challenging. He is credited with inventing the instrumental ballade and composed various forms such as mazurkas, waltzes, nocturnes, polonaises, études, impromptus, scherzos, preludes, and sonatas. Influences on his music include Polish folk music, classical composers J.S. Bach, Mozart, and Schubert, and Paris salons. Chopin's innovations in style, form, harmony, and nationalism significantly impacted late Romantic music.", 8)
("In his native Poland, in France, where he composed most of his works, and beyond, Chopin's music, his status as one of music's earliest superstars, his association (if only indirect) with political insurrection, his love life and his early death have made him, in the public consciousness, a leading symbol of the Romantic era. His works remain popular, and he has been the subject of numerous films and biographies of varying degrees of historical accuracy.", ' Chopin, a Polish composer known for his works in Poland and France, is a symbol of the Romantic era due to his early superstardom, political connections, personal life, and early death. His music remains popular, and he has been depicted in films and biographies.', 7)
('Fryderyk Chopin was born in Żelazowa Wola, 46 kilometres (29 miles) west of Warsaw, in what was then the Duchy of Warsaw, a Polish state established by Napoleon. The parish baptismal record gives his birthday as 22 February 1810, and cites his given names in the Latin form Fridericus Franciscus (in Polish, he was Fryderyk Franciszek). However, the composer and his family used the birthdate 1 March,[n 2] which is now generally accepted as the correct date.', ' Fryderyk Chopin was born on February 22, 1810, according to his baptismal record, but his family and he used March 1 as his birthdate, which is now widely accepted. He was born in Żelazowa Wola, part of the Duchy of Warsaw.', 7)
("Fryderyk's father, Nicolas Chopin, was a Frenchman from Lorraine who had emigrated to Poland in 1787 at the age of sixteen. Nicolas tutored children of the Polish aristocracy, and in 1806 married Justyna Krzyżanowska, a poor relative of the Skarbeks, one of the families for whom he worked. Fryderyk was baptized on Easter Sunday, 23 April 1810, in the same church where his parents had married, in Brochów. His eighteen-year-old godfather, for whom he was named, was Fryderyk Skarbek, a pupil of Nicolas Chopin. Fryderyk was the couple's second child and only son; he had an elder sister, Ludwika (1807–55), and two younger sisters, Izabela (1811–81) and Emilia (1812–27). Nicolas was devoted to his adopted homeland, and insisted on the use of the Polish language in the household.", ' Nicolas Chopin, a Frenchman from Lorraine, moved to Poland in 1807 at age 16 and tutored Polish aristocracy families. He married Justyna Krzyżanowska in 1806, and their second child, Fryderyk, was born in 1810. Fryderyk had an elder sister, Ludwika, and two younger sisters, Izabela and Emilia. Nicolas was devoted to Poland and spoke Polish at home.', 6)
("In October 1810, six months after Fryderyk's birth, the family moved to Warsaw, where his father acquired a post teaching French at the Warsaw Lyceum, then housed in the Saxon Palace. Fryderyk lived with his family in the Palace grounds. The father played the flute and violin; the mother played the piano and gave lessons to boys in the boarding house that the Chopins kept. Chopin was of slight build, and even in early childhood was prone to illnesses.", ' In October 1810, the Chopin family moved to Warsaw where the father taught French at the Lyceum in the Saxon Palace. Fryderyk lived with his family in the palace grounds. His father played the flute and violin, and his mother gave piano lessons in their boarding house. Fryderyk was of small stature and often ill from a young age.', 8)
('Fryderyk may have had some piano instruction from his mother, but his first professional music tutor, from 1816 to 1821, was the Czech pianist Wojciech Żywny. His elder sister Ludwika also took lessons from Żywny, and occasionally played duets with her brother. It quickly became apparent that he was a child prodigy. By the age of seven Fryderyk had begun giving public concerts, and in 1817 he composed two polonaises, in G minor and B-flat major. His next work, a polonaise in A-flat major of 1821, dedicated to Żywny, is his earliest surviving musical manuscript.', ' Fryderyk received piano instruction from his mother and Czech pianist Wojciech Żywny from 1816 to 1821. His older sister Ludwika also learned from Żywny and played duets with Fryderyk. Fryderyk was identified as a child prodigy, giving public concerts by the age of seven, and composed two polonaises in G minor and B-flat major in 1817. His earliest surviving musical manuscript is a polonaise in A-flat major, dedicated to Żywny, from 1821.', 8)
('In 1817 the Saxon Palace was requisitioned by Warsaw\'s Russian governor for military use, and the Warsaw Lyceum was reestablished in the Kazimierz Palace (today the rectorate of Warsaw University). Fryderyk and his family moved to a building, which still survives, adjacent to the Kazimierz Palace. During this period, Fryderyk was sometimes invited to the Belweder Palace as playmate to the son of the ruler of Russian Poland, Grand Duke Constantine; he played the piano for the Duke and composed a march for him. Julian Ursyn Niemcewicz, in his dramatic eclogue, "Nasze Przebiegi" ("Our Discourses", 1818), attested to "little Chopin\'s" popularity.', ' In 1817, the Saxon Palace was taken over by Warsaw\'s Russian governor for military use. The Warsaw Lyceum was then established in the Kazimierz Palace, and Fryderyk Chopin and his family moved to a nearby building. Chopin was occasionally invited to the Belweder Palace to play the piano for Grand Duke Constantine\'s son. Julian Ursyn Niemcewicz wrote a dramatic eclogue, "Nasze Przebiegi," in 1818, mentioning Chopin\'s popularity.', 7)
('From September 1823 to 1826 Chopin attended the Warsaw Lyceum, where he received organ lessons from the Czech musician Wilhelm Würfel during his first year. In the autumn of 1826 he began a three-year course under the Silesian composer Józef Elsner at the Warsaw Conservatory, studying music theory, figured bass and composition.[n 3] Throughout this period he continued to compose and to give recitals in concerts and salons in Warsaw. He was engaged by the inventors of a mechanical organ, the "eolomelodicon", and on this instrument in May 1825 he performed his own improvisation and part of a concerto by Moscheles. The success of this concert led to an invitation to give a similar recital on the instrument before Tsar Alexander I, who was visiting Warsaw; the Tsar presented him with a diamond ring. At a subsequent eolomelodicon concert on 10 June 1825, Chopin performed his Rondo Op. 1. This was the first of his works to be commercially published and earned him his first mention in the foreign press, when the Leipzig Allgemeine Musikalische Zeitung praised his "wealth of musical ideas".', ' Chopin attended Warsaw Lyceum from 1823 to 1826, receiving organ lessons from Wilhelm Würfel. In 1826, he began a three-year course under Józef Elsner at the Warsaw Conservatory. During this time, he composed and gave recitals in Warsaw. In 1825, he performed on the "eolomelodicon" mechanical organ, earning a diamond ring from Tsar Alexander I after a successful concert. His Rondo Op. 1, performed at a subsequent eolomelodicon concert, was his first commercially published work and received foreign press recognition.', 8)
('During 1824–28 Chopin spent his vacations away from Warsaw, at a number of locales.[n 4] In 1824 and 1825, at Szafarnia, he was a guest of Dominik Dziewanowski, the father of a schoolmate. Here for the first time he encountered Polish rural folk music. His letters home from Szafarnia (to which he gave the title "The Szafarnia Courier"), written in a very modern and lively Polish, amused his family with their spoofing of the Warsaw newspapers and demonstrated the youngster\'s literary gift.', ' Chopin spent his vacations between 1824 and 1825 at Szafarnia, where he was a guest of Dominik Dziewanowski. This was his first encounter with Polish rural folk music. He wrote letters home from Szafarnia, titled "The Szafarnia Courier," which were modern and lively in Polish language, and amused his family with their spoofing of Warsaw newspapers, showcasing his literary talent.', 8)
("In 1827, soon after the death of Chopin's youngest sister Emilia, the family moved from the Warsaw University building, adjacent to the Kazimierz Palace, to lodgings just across the street from the university, in the south annex of the Krasiński Palace on Krakowskie Przedmieście,[n 5] where Chopin lived until he left Warsaw in 1830.[n 6] Here his parents continued running their boarding house for male students; the Chopin Family Parlour (Salonik Chopinów) became a museum in the 20th century. In 1829 the artist Ambroży Mieroszewski executed a set of portraits of Chopin family members, including the first known portrait of the composer.[n 7]", ' In 1827, the Chopin family moved from their Warsaw University building residence to lodgings across the street in the Krasiński Palace, where Chopin lived until 1830. The family continued operating a boarding house. The Chopin Family Parlour became a museum. In 1829, artist Ambroży Mieroszewski painted portraits of Chopin family members, including the first known portrait of the composer.', 8)
('Four boarders at his parents\' apartments became Chopin\'s intimates: Tytus Woyciechowski, Jan Nepomucen Białobłocki, Jan Matuszyński and Julian Fontana; the latter two would become part of his Paris milieu. He was friendly with members of Warsaw\'s young artistic and intellectual world, including Fontana, Józef Bohdan Zaleski and Stefan Witwicki. He was also attracted to the singing student Konstancja Gładkowska. In letters to Woyciechowski, he indicated which of his works, and even which of their passages, were influenced by his fascination with her; his letter of 15 May 1830 revealed that the slow movement (Larghetto) of his Piano Concerto No. 1 (in E minor) was secretly dedicated to her – "It should be like dreaming in beautiful springtime – by moonlight." His final Conservatory report (July 1829) read: "Chopin F., third-year student, exceptional talent, musical genius."', " Chopin formed intimate relationships with Tytus Woyciechowski, Jan Nepomucen Białobłocki, Jan Matuszyński, and Julian Fontana, who became part of his Paris milieu. He was friendly with members of Warsaw's artistic and intellectual world, including Fontana, Józef Bohdan Zaleski, and Stefan Witwicki. Chopin was attracted to the singing student Konstancja Gładkowska and dedicated the slow movement of his Piano Concerto No. 1 (in E minor) to her. His final Conservatory report described him as a third-year student with exceptional talent and musical genius.", 8)
('In September 1828 Chopin, while still a student, visited Berlin with a family friend, zoologist Feliks Jarocki, enjoying operas directed by Gaspare Spontini and attending concerts by Carl Friedrich Zelter, Felix Mendelssohn and other celebrities. On an 1829 return trip to Berlin, he was a guest of Prince Antoni Radziwiłł, governor of the Grand Duchy of Posen—himself an accomplished composer and aspiring cellist. For the prince and his pianist daughter Wanda, he composed his Introduction and Polonaise brillante in C major for cello and piano, Op. 3.', ' Chopin visited Berlin in 1828 with a friend, attending operas and concerts by notable figures. In 1829, he returned as a guest of Prince Antoni Radziwiłł, composing the Introduction and Polonaise brillante in C major for cello and piano, Op. 3, for the prince and his pianist daughter.', 7)
('Back in Warsaw that year, Chopin heard Niccolò Paganini play the violin, and composed a set of variations, Souvenir de Paganini. It may have been this experience which encouraged him to commence writing his first Études, (1829–32), exploring the capacities of his own instrument. On 11 August, three weeks after completing his studies at the Warsaw Conservatory, he made his debut in Vienna. He gave two piano concerts and received many favourable reviews—in addition to some commenting (in Chopin\'s own words) that he was "too delicate for those accustomed to the piano-bashing of local artists". In one of these concerts, he premiered his Variations on Là ci darem la mano, Op. 2 (variations on an aria from Mozart\'s opera Don Giovanni) for piano and orchestra. He returned to Warsaw in September 1829, where he premiered his Piano Concerto No. 2 in F minor, Op. 21 on 17 March 1830.', ' In 1829, Chopin was inspired by Niccolò Paganini\'s violin performance in Warsaw and composed "Souvenir de Paganini." This experience led him to write his first Études. Chopin made his debut in Vienna on August 11, 1829, giving two piano concerts and receiving mixed reviews. He premiered his Variations on Là ci darem la mano, Op. 2 in one of these concerts. Chopin returned to Warsaw in September 1829 and premiered his Piano Concerto No. 2 in F minor, Op. 21 on March 17, 1830.', 7)
('Chopin\'s successes as a composer and performer opened the door to western Europe for him, and on 2 November 1830, he set out, in the words of Zdzisław Jachimecki, "into the wide world, with no very clearly defined aim, forever." With Woyciechowski, he headed for Austria, intending to go on to Italy. Later that month, in Warsaw, the November 1830 Uprising broke out, and Woyciechowski returned to Poland to enlist. Chopin, now alone in Vienna, was nostalgic for his homeland, and wrote to a friend, "I curse the moment of my departure." When in September 1831 he learned, while travelling from Vienna to Paris, that the uprising had been crushed, he expressed his anguish in the pages of his private journal: "Oh God! ... You are there, and yet you do not take vengeance!" Jachimecki ascribes to these events the composer\'s maturing "into an inspired national bard who intuited the past, present and future of his native Poland."', " In November 1830, Chopin, accompanied by Woyciechowski, embarked on a journey to Austria with the intention of continuing on to Italy. However, the November 1830 Uprising broke out in Warsaw, causing Woyciechowski to return to Poland to enlist. Chopin, now alone in Vienna, felt nostalgic for his homeland and expressed his disappointment in a letter to a friend. When he learned of the uprising's defeat while traveling to Paris, he expressed his anguish in his journal. These events influenced Chopin to mature into a national bard who connected with the past, present, and future of Poland.", 8)
("Chopin arrived in Paris in late September 1831; he would never return to Poland, thus becoming one of many expatriates of the Polish Great Emigration. In France he used the French versions of his given names, and after receiving French citizenship in 1835, he travelled on a French passport. However, Chopin remained close to his fellow Poles in exile as friends and confidants and he never felt fully comfortable speaking French. Chopin's biographer Adam Zamoyski writes that he never considered himself to be French, despite his father's French origins, and always saw himself as a Pole.", ' Chopin went to Paris in September 1831, became a French expatriate, used French names and passport, but remained connected to Polish community, never felt fully French, and identified as Polish.', 8)
('In Paris, Chopin encountered artists and other distinguished figures, and found many opportunities to exercise his talents and achieve celebrity. During his years in Paris he was to become acquainted with, among many others, Hector Berlioz, Franz Liszt, Ferdinand Hiller, Heinrich Heine, Eugène Delacroix, and Alfred de Vigny. Chopin was also acquainted with the poet Adam Mickiewicz, principal of the Polish Literary Society, some of whose verses he set as songs.', " In Paris, Chopin met various artists, Berlioz, Liszt, Hiller, Heine, Delacroix, Vigny, and Mickiewicz, and set some of Mickiewicz's poems as songs.", 8)
('Two Polish friends in Paris were also to play important roles in Chopin\'s life there. His fellow student at the Warsaw Conservatory, Julian Fontana, had originally tried unsuccessfully to establish himself in England; Albert Grzymała, who in Paris became a wealthy financier and society figure, often acted as Chopin\'s adviser and "gradually began to fill the role of elder brother in [his] life." Fontana was to become, in the words of Michałowski and Samson, Chopin\'s "general factotum and copyist".', ' Two Poles, Julian Fontana and Albert Grzymała, significantly influenced Chopin\'s life in Paris. Fontana, a former classmate from the Warsaw Conservatory, previously attempted to establish a career in England unsuccessfully. Grzymała, who became a wealthy financier and social figure, acted as Chopin\'s adviser and filled the role of an elder brother in his life. Fontana served as Chopin\'s "general factotum and copyist."', 8)
('At the end of 1831, Chopin received the first major endorsement from an outstanding contemporary when Robert Schumann, reviewing the Op. 2 Variations in the Allgemeine musikalische Zeitung (his first published article on music), declared: "Hats off, gentlemen! A genius." On 26 February 1832 Chopin gave a debut Paris concert at the Salle Pleyel which drew universal admiration. The critic François-Joseph Fétis wrote in the Revue et gazette musicale: "Here is a young man who ... taking no model, has found, if not a complete renewal of piano music, ... an abundance of original ideas of a kind to be found nowhere else ..." After this concert, Chopin realized that his essentially intimate keyboard technique was not optimal for large concert spaces. Later that year he was introduced to the wealthy Rothschild banking family, whose patronage also opened doors for him to other private salons (social gatherings of the aristocracy and artistic and literary elite). By the end of 1832 Chopin had established himself among the Parisian musical elite, and had earned the respect of his peers such as Hiller, Liszt, and Berlioz. He no longer depended financially upon his father, and in the winter of 1832 he began earning a handsome income from publishing his works and teaching piano to affluent students from all over Europe. This freed him from the strains of public concert-giving, which he disliked.', " In late 1831, Robert Schumann endorsed Chopin's Op. 2 Variations, declaring him a genius. Chopin's Paris debut at Salle Pleyel in February 1832 received universal admiration. Critic François-Joseph Fétis praised Chopin's originality. Realizing his intimate keyboard technique wasn't suitable for large concert spaces, Chopin was introduced to the Rothschild family, gaining their patronage and access to aristocratic salons. By year's end, Chopin was part of the Parisian musical elite, earning respect from peers and a handsome income from publishing and teaching. He no longer relied on his father financially and no longer had to give public concerts, which he disliked.", 8)
('Chopin seldom performed publicly in Paris. In later years he generally gave a single annual concert at the Salle Pleyel, a venue that seated three hundred. He played more frequently at salons, but preferred playing at his own Paris apartment for small groups of friends. The musicologist Arthur Hedley has observed that "As a pianist Chopin was unique in acquiring a reputation of the highest order on the basis of a minimum of public appearances—few more than thirty in the course of his lifetime." The list of musicians who took part in some of his concerts provides an indication of the richness of Parisian artistic life during this period. Examples include a concert on 23 March 1833, in which Chopin, Liszt and Hiller performed (on pianos) a concerto by J.S. Bach for three keyboards; and, on 3 March 1838, a concert in which Chopin, his pupil Adolphe Gutmann, Charles-Valentin Alkan, and Alkan\'s teacher Joseph Zimmermann performed Alkan\'s arrangement, for eight hands, of two movements from Beethoven\'s 7th symphony. Chopin was also involved in the composition of Liszt\'s Hexameron; he wrote the sixth (and final) variation on Bellini\'s theme. Chopin\'s music soon found success with publishers, and in 1833 he contracted with Maurice Schlesinger, who arranged for it to be published not only in France but, through his family connections, also in Germany and England.', " Chopin, who seldom performed publicly in Paris, gave annual concerts at Salle Pleyel and played frequently at salons and his own apartment. He acquired a high reputation with minimal public appearances, around 30 in total. Notable concerts included one with Liszt, Hiller, and Bach's concerto in 1833, and another with Gutmann, Alkan, and Zimmermann performing Alkan's arrangement of Beethoven's 7th symphony in 1838. Chopin collaborated with Liszt on the Hexameron, writing the sixth variation. Chopin's music was successful with publishers, and he contracted with Maurice Schlesinger in 1833 for publication in France, Germany, and England.", 8)
('In the spring of 1834, Chopin attended the Lower Rhenish Music Festival in Aix-la-Chapelle with Hiller, and it was there that Chopin met Felix Mendelssohn. After the festival, the three visited Düsseldorf, where Mendelssohn had been appointed musical director. They spent what Mendelssohn described as "a very agreeable day", playing and discussing music at his piano, and met Friedrich Wilhelm Schadow, director of the Academy of Art, and some of his eminent pupils such as Lessing, Bendemann, Hildebrandt and Sohn. In 1835 Chopin went to Carlsbad, where he spent time with his parents; it was the last time he would see them. On his way back to Paris, he met old friends from Warsaw, the Wodzińskis. He had made the acquaintance of their daughter Maria in Poland five years earlier, when she was eleven. This meeting prompted him to stay for two weeks in Dresden, when he had previously intended to return to Paris via Leipzig. The sixteen-year-old girl\'s portrait of the composer is considered, along with Delacroix\'s, as among Chopin\'s best likenesses. In October he finally reached Leipzig, where he met Schumann, Clara Wieck and Felix Mendelssohn, who organised for him a performance of his own oratorio St. Paul, and who considered him "a perfect musician". In July 1836 Chopin travelled to Marienbad and Dresden to be with the Wodziński family, and in September he proposed to Maria, whose mother Countess Wodzińska approved in principle. Chopin went on to Leipzig, where he presented Schumann with his G minor Ballade. At the end of 1836 he sent Maria an album in which his sister Ludwika had inscribed seven of his songs, and his 1835 Nocturne in C-sharp minor, Op. 27, No. 1. The anodyne thanks he received from Maria proved to be the last letter he was to have from her.', " In the spring of 1834, Chopin met Mendelssohn at the Lower Rhenish Music Festival in Aix-la-Chapelle. They visited Düsseldorf and met Schadow and his pupils. Chopin went to Carlsbad in 1835 to see his parents for the last time and met the Wodzińskis, including their daughter Maria. He stayed in Dresden to paint her portrait. In October 1835, he met Schumann, Clara Wieck, and Mendelssohn in Leipzig, who performed his oratorio St. Paul. In July 1836, he traveled to Marienbad and Dresden to be with the Wodzińskis and proposed to Maria. He sent her an album with his music as a gift. Maria's response was the last letter he received from her.", 5)
('Although it is not known exactly when Chopin first met Liszt after arriving in Paris, on 12 December 1831 he mentioned in a letter to his friend Woyciechowski that "I have met Rossini, Cherubini, Baillot, etc.—also Kalkbrenner. You would not believe how curious I was about Herz, Liszt, Hiller, etc." Liszt was in attendance at Chopin\'s Parisian debut on 26 February 1832 at the Salle Pleyel, which led him to remark: "The most vigorous applause seemed not to suffice to our enthusiasm in the presence of this talented musician, who revealed a new phase of poetic sentiment combined with such happy innovation in the form of his art."', " Chopin mentioned meeting Liszt in a letter to Woyciechowski on December 12, 1831, after arriving in Paris. Liszt attended Chopin's debut on February 26, 1832, at Salle Pleyel, and the audience showed great enthusiasm towards Chopin's innovative and poetic music.", 7)
("The two became friends, and for many years lived in close proximity in Paris, Chopin at 38 Rue de la Chaussée-d'Antin, and Liszt at the Hôtel de France on the Rue Lafitte, a few blocks away. They performed together on seven occasions between 1833 and 1841. The first, on 2 April 1833, was at a benefit concert organized by Hector Berlioz for his bankrupt Shakespearean actress wife Harriet Smithson, during which they played George Onslow's Sonata in F minor for piano duet. Later joint appearances included a benefit concert for the Benevolent Association of Polish Ladies in Paris. Their last appearance together in public was for a charity concert conducted for the Beethoven Memorial in Bonn, held at the Salle Pleyel and the Paris Conservatory on 25 and 26 April 1841.", " The friends Chopin and Liszt lived near each other in Paris from 1833 to 1841. They performed together on seven occasions, including a benefit concert for Harriet Smithson in 1833, a Polish Ladies benefit, and a Beethoven Memorial charity concert in 1841. Their first performance was of George Onslow's Sonata in F minor for piano duet.", 7)
('Although the two displayed great respect and admiration for each other, their friendship was uneasy and had some qualities of a love-hate relationship. Harold C. Schonberg believes that Chopin displayed a "tinge of jealousy and spite" towards Liszt\'s virtuosity on the piano, and others have also argued that he had become enchanted with Liszt\'s theatricality, showmanship and success. Liszt was the dedicatee of Chopin\'s Op. 10 Études, and his performance of them prompted the composer to write to Hiller, "I should like to rob him of the way he plays my studies." However, Chopin expressed annoyance in 1843 when Liszt performed one of his nocturnes with the addition of numerous intricate embellishments, at which Chopin remarked that he should play the music as written or not play it at all, forcing an apology. Most biographers of Chopin state that after this the two had little to do with each other, although in his letters dated as late as 1848 he still referred to him as "my friend Liszt". Some commentators point to events in the two men\'s romantic lives which led to a rift between them; there are claims that Liszt had displayed jealousy of his mistress Marie d\'Agoult\'s obsession with Chopin, while others believe that Chopin had become concerned about Liszt\'s growing relationship with George Sand.', " The friendship between Chopin and Liszt was complex, with elements of admiration and jealousy. Chopin was reportedly jealous of Liszt's virtuosity and success, and Liszt dedicated Op. 10 Études to Chopin, prompting Chopin to express a desire to outperform him. However, Chopin became annoyed when Liszt added embellishments to one of his nocturnes and demanded that it be played as written. After this incident, their relationship seemed to decline, but Chopin still referred to Liszt as his friend in letters as late as 1848. Some biographers suggest that their romantic lives may have contributed to their rift, with Liszt reportedly jealous of Chopin's relationship with Marie d'Agoult, and Chopin concerned about Liszt's growing relationship with George Sand.", 7)
('In 1836, at a party hosted by Marie d\'Agoult, Chopin met the French author George Sand (born [Amantine] Aurore [Lucile] Dupin). Short (under five feet, or 152 cm), dark, big-eyed and a cigar smoker, she initially repelled Chopin, who remarked, "What an unattractive person la Sand is. Is she really a woman?" However, by early 1837 Maria Wodzińska\'s mother had made it clear to Chopin in correspondence that a marriage with her daughter was unlikely to proceed. It is thought that she was influenced by his poor health and possibly also by rumours about his associations with women such as d\'Agoult and Sand. Chopin finally placed the letters from Maria and her mother in a package on which he wrote, in Polish, "My tragedy". Sand, in a letter to Grzymała of June 1838, admitted strong feelings for the composer and debated whether to abandon a current affair in order to begin a relationship with Chopin; she asked Grzymała to assess Chopin\'s relationship with Maria Wodzińska, without realising that the affair, at least from Maria\'s side, was over.', ' In 1836, Chopin met George Sand (Amantine Aurore Dupin) at a party. He was initially unimpressed. In early 1837, Chopin received letters from Maria Wodzińska\'s mother indicating that a marriage was unlikely due to his health and rumors about his relationships with women like Sand. Chopin labeled the letters "My tragedy." In June 1838, Sand expressed strong feelings for Chopin and considered starting a relationship, unaware that Maria\'s affair with him had ended.', 7)
('In June 1837 Chopin visited London incognito in the company of the piano manufacturer Camille Pleyel where he played at a musical soirée at the house of English piano maker James Broadwood. On his return to Paris, his association with Sand began in earnest, and by the end of June 1838 they had become lovers. Sand, who was six years older than the composer, and who had had a series of lovers, wrote at this time: "I must say I was confused and amazed at the effect this little creature had on me ... I have still not recovered from my astonishment, and if I were a proud person I should be feeling humiliated at having been carried away ..." The two spent a miserable winter on Majorca (8 November 1838 to 13 February 1839), where, together with Sand\'s two children, they had journeyed in the hope of improving the health of Chopin and that of Sand\'s 15-year-old son Maurice, and also to escape the threats of Sand\'s former lover Félicien Mallefille. After discovering that the couple were not married, the deeply traditional Catholic people of Majorca became inhospitable, making accommodation difficult to find. This compelled the group to take lodgings in a former Carthusian monastery in Valldemossa, which gave little shelter from the cold winter weather.', " In June 1837, Chopin visited London incognito with piano manufacturer Camille Pleyel and played at a musical soirée. In Paris, he began a relationship with George Sand. They became lovers by the end of June 1838. Sand, who was older and had previous relationships, was surprised by her feelings for Chopin. The couple spent a miserable winter on Majorca (November 1838 to February 1839) with Sand's children, hoping to improve their health. They faced hostility from the locals due to their unmarried status and took shelter in a former Carthusian monastery.", 7)
('On 3 December, Chopin complained about his bad health and the incompetence of the doctors in Majorca: "Three doctors have visited me ... The first said I was dead; the second said I was dying; and the third said I was about to die." He also had problems having his Pleyel piano sent to him. It finally arrived from Paris in December. Chopin wrote to Pleyel in January 1839: "I am sending you my Preludes [(Op. 28)]. I finished them on your little piano, which arrived in the best possible condition in spite of the sea, the bad weather and the Palma customs." Chopin was also able to undertake work on his Ballade No. 2, Op. 38; two Polonaises, Op. 40; and the Scherzo No. 3, Op. 39.', ' On December 3, 1838, Chopin expressed concern about his health and the incompetence of doctors in Majorca. He received three conflicting diagnoses: dead, dying, and about to die. Chopin struggled to have his Pleyel piano delivered, but it arrived in December. In January 1839, he completed Preludes (Op. 28), Ballade No. 2 (Op. 38), two Polonaises (Op. 40), and Scherzo No. 3 (Op. 39) using the piano.', 7)
("Although this period had been productive, the bad weather had such a detrimental effect on Chopin's health that Sand determined to leave the island. To avoid further customs duties, Sand sold the piano to a local French couple, the Canuts.[n 8] The group traveled first to Barcelona, then to Marseilles, where they stayed for a few months while Chopin convalesced. In May 1839 they headed for the summer to Sand's estate at Nohant, where they spent most summers until 1846. In autumn they returned to Paris, where Chopin's apartment at 5 rue Tronchet was close to Sand's rented accommodation at the rue Pigalle. He frequently visited Sand in the evenings, but both retained some independence. In 1842 he and Sand moved to the Square d'Orléans, living in adjacent buildings.", " In 1839, due to Chopin's deteriorating health caused by bad weather on the island, Sand sold the piano to a local French couple and traveled with Chopin to Barcelona and then Marseilles. They later spent summers at Sand's estate at Nohant until 1846. In autumn, they returned to Paris, where Chopin lived at 5 rue Tronchet and Sand at rue Pigalle, allowing them to maintain some independence. In 1842, they moved to adjacent buildings in the Square dOrléans.", 7)
("At the funeral of the tenor Adolphe Nourrit in Paris in 1839, Chopin made a rare appearance at the organ, playing a transcription of Franz Schubert's lied Die Gestirne. On 26 July 1840 Chopin and Sand were present at the dress rehearsal of Berlioz's Grande symphonie funèbre et triomphale, composed to commemorate the tenth anniversary of the July Revolution. Chopin was reportedly unimpressed with the composition.", " At the funeral of tenor Adolphe Nourrit in 1839, Chopin played Schubert's Die Gestirne at the organ. In 1840, Chopin and George Sand attended Berlioz's Grande symphonie funèbre et triomphale dress rehearsal, but Chopin was reportedly unimpressed with the composition.", 8)
('During the summers at Nohant, particularly in the years 1839–43, Chopin found quiet, productive days during which he composed many works, including his Polonaise in A-flat major, Op. 53. Among the visitors to Nohant were Delacroix and the mezzo-soprano Pauline Viardot, whom Chopin had advised on piano technique and composition. Delacroix gives an account of staying at Nohant in a letter of 7 June 1842:', ' During the summers of 1839-43 at Nohant, Chopin had productive days composing works like his Polonaise in A-flat major, Op. 53. Visitors included Delacroix and mezzo-soprano Pauline Viardot, whom Chopin advised on piano technique and composition. Delacroix described his stay at Nohant in a letter on June 7, 1842.', 8)
('From 1842 onwards, Chopin showed signs of serious illness. After a solo recital in Paris on 21 February 1842, he wrote to Grzymała: "I have to lie in bed all day long, my mouth and tonsils are aching so much." He was forced by illness to decline a written invitation from Alkan to participate in a repeat performance of the Beethoven Seventh Symphony arrangement at Erard\'s on 1 March 1843. Late in 1844, Charles Hallé visited Chopin and found him "hardly able to move, bent like a half-opened penknife and evidently in great pain", although his spirits returned when he started to play the piano for his visitor. Chopin\'s health continued to deteriorate, particularly from this time onwards. Modern research suggests that apart from any other illnesses, he may also have suffered from temporal lobe epilepsy.', " Chopin exhibited signs of illness starting in 1842. He wrote of mouth and tonsil pain after a recital. Declined an invitation to perform due to illness in 1843. In late 1844, Hallé found Chopin barely moving and in pain, but his spirits lifted when he played the piano. Chopin's health continued to decline, and modern research suggests he may have had temporal lobe epilepsy in addition to other illnesses.", 8)
('Chopin\'s relations with Sand were soured in 1846 by problems involving her daughter Solange and Solange\'s fiancé, the young fortune-hunting sculptor Auguste Clésinger. The composer frequently took Solange\'s side in quarrels with her mother; he also faced jealousy from Sand\'s son Maurice. Chopin was utterly indifferent to Sand\'s radical political pursuits, while Sand looked on his society friends with disdain. As the composer\'s illness progressed, Sand had become less of a lover and more of a nurse to Chopin, whom she called her "third child". In letters to third parties, she vented her impatience, referring to him as a "child," a "little angel", a "sufferer" and a "beloved little corpse." In 1847 Sand published her novel Lucrezia Floriani, whose main characters—a rich actress and a prince in weak health—could be interpreted as Sand and Chopin; the story was uncomplimentary to Chopin, who could not have missed the allusions as he helped Sand correct the printer\'s galleys. In 1847 he did not visit Nohant, and he quietly ended their ten-year relationship following an angry correspondence which, in Sand\'s words, made "a strange conclusion to nine years of exclusive friendship." The two would never meet again.', ' Chopin\'s relationship with Sand became strained in 1846 due to conflicts between Sand\'s daughter Solange and her fiancé, Auguste Clésinger. Chopin often sided with Solange and faced jealousy from Sand\'s son Maurice. Sand\'s political views and Chopin\'s social circle caused tension. As Chopin\'s health declined, Sand became more caregiver than lover, referring to him as a "child," "little angel," "sufferer," and "beloved little corpse" in letters to others. In 1847, Sand published a novel, Lucrezia Floriani, with characters resembling herself and Chopin, which was critical of Chopin. Chopin did not visit Nohant that year and ended their ten-year relationship following an angry correspondence. They never met again.', 8)
('Chopin\'s output as a composer throughout this period declined in quantity year by year. Whereas in 1841 he had written a dozen works, only six were written in 1842 and six shorter pieces in 1843. In 1844 he wrote only the Op. 58 sonata. 1845 saw the completion of three mazurkas (Op. 59). Although these works were more refined than many of his earlier compositions, Zamoyski opines that "his powers of concentration were failing and his inspiration was beset by anguish, both emotional and intellectual."', " Chopin wrote fewer compositions each year from 1842 to 1845. In 1841, he wrote 12 works, but only six in 1842 and six shorter pieces in 1843. He wrote only one sonata (Op. 58) in 1844 and completed three mazurkas (Op. 59) in 1845. Despite the refinement of these works, Zamoyski notes that Chopin's focus and inspiration were declining, with emotional and intellectual anguish being contributing factors.", 8)
("Chopin's public popularity as a virtuoso began to wane, as did the number of his pupils, and this, together with the political strife and instability of the time, caused him to struggle financially. In February 1848, with the cellist Auguste Franchomme, he gave his last Paris concert, which included three movements of the Cello Sonata Op. 65.", " Chopin's popularity as a virtuoso declined, leading to fewer students and financial struggles. He gave his last Paris concert with Auguste Franchomme in February 1848, performing three movements of the Cello Sonata Op. 65.", 8)
("Chopin's life was covered in a BBC TV documentary Chopin – The Women Behind The Music (2010), and in a 2010 documentary realised by Angelo Bozzolini and Roberto Prosseda for Italian television.", " Chopin's life was featured in two documentaries: BBC's Chopin – The Women Behind The Music (2010), and Italian television's documentary by Angelo Bozzolini and Roberto Prosseda (2010).", 8)
("Chopin's life and his relations with George Sand have been fictionalized in numerous films. The 1945 biographical film A Song to Remember earned Cornel Wilde an Academy Award nomination as Best Actor for his portrayal of the composer. Other film treatments have included: La valse de l'adieu (France, 1928) by Henry Roussel, with Pierre Blanchar as Chopin; Impromptu (1991), starring Hugh Grant as Chopin; La note bleue (1991); and Chopin: Desire for Love (2002).", ' The life of Chopin and his relationship with George Sand have been depicted in various films. Notable portrayals include Cornel Wilde in A Song to Remember (1945), Pierre Blanchar in La valse de ladieu (1928), Hugh Grant in Impromptu (1991), and Chopin: Desire for Love (2002).', 7)
("Possibly the first venture into fictional treatments of Chopin's life was a fanciful operatic version of some of its events. Chopin was written by Giacomo Orefice and produced in Milan in 1901. All the music is derived from that of Chopin.", ' The first fictional representation of Chopin\'s life was an operatic production called "Chopin," written by Giacomo Orefice and premiered in Milan in 1901. The entire music used in the opera was derived from Chopin\'s compositions.', 9)
('Chopin has figured extensively in Polish literature, both in serious critical studies of his life and music and in fictional treatments. The earliest manifestation was probably an 1830 sonnet on Chopin by Leon Ulrich. French writers on Chopin (apart from Sand) have included Marcel Proust and André Gide; and he has also featured in works of Gottfried Benn and Boris Pasternak. There are numerous biographies of Chopin in English (see bibliography for some of these).', ' Chopin has been a significant figure in Polish literature, with appearances in both critical studies and fiction. Early mentions include a sonnet by Leon Ulrich in 1830. French writers like Marcel Proust, André Gide, Gottfried Benn, and Boris Pasternak have also written about Chopin. There are numerous English biographies of Chopin.', 8)
("Numerous recordings of Chopin's works are available. On the occasion of the composer's bicentenary, the critics of The New York Times recommended performances by the following contemporary pianists (among many others): Martha Argerich, Vladimir Ashkenazy, Emanuel Ax, Evgeny Kissin, Murray Perahia, Maurizio Pollini and Krystian Zimerman. The Warsaw Chopin Society organizes the Grand prix du disque de F. Chopin for notable Chopin recordings, held every five years.", " The New York Times critics suggested Martha Argerich, Vladimir Ashkenazy, Emanuel Ax, Evgeny Kissin, Murray Perahia, Maurizio Pollini, and Krystian Zimerman as notable Chopin pianists for the composer's bicentenary. The Warsaw Chopin Society organizes a Grand prix du disque de F. Chopin every five years for significant Chopin recordings.", 8)
('The British Library notes that "Chopin\'s works have been recorded by all the great pianists of the recording era." The earliest recording was an 1895 performance by Paul Pabst of the Nocturne in E major Op. 62 No. 2. The British Library site makes available a number of historic recordings, including some by Alfred Cortot, Ignaz Friedman, Vladimir Horowitz, Benno Moiseiwitsch, Paderewski, Arthur Rubinstein, Xaver Scharwenka and many others. A select discography of recordings of Chopin works by pianists representing the various pedagogic traditions stemming from Chopin is given by Methuen-Campbell in his work tracing the lineage and character of those traditions.', " The British Library has recordings of Chopin's works by numerous great pianists since 1895, including Paul Pabst, Alfred Cortot, Ignaz Friedman, Vladimir Horowitz, Benno Moiseiwitsch, Paderewski, Arthur Rubinstein, and Xaver Scharwenka. Methuen-Campbell provides a discography of Chopin recordings representing various pedagogic traditions.", 7)
("Chopin's music remains very popular and is regularly performed, recorded and broadcast worldwide. The world's oldest monographic music competition, the International Chopin Piano Competition, founded in 1927, is held every five years in Warsaw. The Fryderyk Chopin Institute of Poland lists on its website over eighty societies world-wide devoted to the composer and his music. The Institute site also lists nearly 1,500 performances of Chopin works on YouTube as of January 2014.", " Chopin's music is widely popular with numerous performances, recordings, and broadcasts globally. The International Chopin Piano Competition, established in 1927, takes place every five years in Warsaw. Over 80 societies dedicated to Chopin exist worldwide, and nearly 1,500 of his performances are available on YouTube.", 8)
("Chopin's music was used in the 1909 ballet Chopiniana, choreographed by Michel Fokine and orchestrated by Alexander Glazunov. Sergei Diaghilev commissioned additional orchestrations—from Stravinsky, Anatoly Lyadov, Sergei Taneyev and Nikolai Tcherepnin—for later productions, which used the title Les Sylphides.", ' Chopin\'s music was used in the 1909 ballet "Chopiniana," choreographed by Michel Fokine and orchestrated by Alexander Glazunov. Diaghilev commissioned additional orchestrations from Stravinsky, Anatoly Lyadov, Sergei Taneyev, and Nikolai Tcherepnin for later productions, which were titled "Les Sylphides."', 9)
('In April, during the Revolution of 1848 in Paris, he left for London, where he performed at several concerts and at numerous receptions in great houses. This tour was suggested to him by his Scottish pupil Jane Stirling and her elder sister. Stirling also made all the logistical arrangements and provided much of the necessary funding.', ' During the Revolution of 1848 in Paris, the musician left for London at the suggestion of his Scottish pupil, Jane Stirling, and her elder sister. Stirling arranged logistics and provided funding for his tour, which included performing at concerts and receptions in grand houses.', 8)
("In London Chopin took lodgings at Dover Street, where the firm of Broadwood provided him with a grand piano. At his first engagement, on 15 May at Stafford House, the audience included Queen Victoria and Prince Albert. The Prince, who was himself a talented musician, moved close to the keyboard to view Chopin's technique. Broadwood also arranged concerts for him; among those attending were Thackeray and the singer Jenny Lind. Chopin was also sought after for piano lessons, for which he charged the high fee of one guinea (£1.05 in present British currency) per hour, and for private recitals for which the fee was 20 guineas. At a concert on 7 July he shared the platform with Viardot, who sang arrangements of some of his mazurkas to Spanish texts.", ' Chopin stayed at Dover Street in London, provided with a grand piano by Broadwood. Debuted at Stafford House with Queen Victoria and Prince Albert in attendance. Broadwood organized concerts, including one with Viardot. Chopin gave piano lessons for one guinea per hour and private recitals for 20 guineas. Queen Thackeray and Jenny Lind attended his concerts.', 5)
('In late summer he was invited by Jane Stirling to visit Scotland, where he stayed at Calder House near Edinburgh and at Johnstone Castle in Renfrewshire, both owned by members of Stirling\'s family. She clearly had a notion of going beyond mere friendship, and Chopin was obliged to make it clear to her that this could not be so. He wrote at this time to Grzymała "My Scottish ladies are kind, but such bores", and responding to a rumour about his involvement, answered that he was "closer to the grave than the nuptial bed." He gave a public concert in Glasgow on 27 September, and another in Edinburgh, at the Hopetoun Rooms on Queen Street (now Erskine House) on 4 October. In late October 1848, while staying at 10 Warriston Crescent in Edinburgh with the Polish physician Adam Łyszczyński, he wrote out his last will and testament—"a kind of disposition to be made of my stuff in the future, if I should drop dead somewhere", he wrote to Grzymała.', ' In late summer of 1848, Chopin was invited to Scotland by Jane Stirling and stayed at Calder House and Johnstone Castle. He made it clear to her that their relationship could not progress beyond friendship. He gave concerts in Glasgow and Edinburgh. In October, while staying with Adam Łyszczyński in Edinburgh, Chopin wrote his last will and testament.', 7)
("Chopin made his last public appearance on a concert platform at London's Guildhall on 16 November 1848, when, in a final patriotic gesture, he played for the benefit of Polish refugees. By this time he was very seriously ill, weighing under 99 pounds (i.e. less than 45 kg), and his doctors were aware that his sickness was at a terminal stage.", " Chopin performed at London's Guildhall in November 1848, his last public appearance, to raise funds for Polish refugees while gravely ill and near death, weighing under 99 pounds (45 kg).", 8)
('At the end of November, Chopin returned to Paris. He passed the winter in unremitting illness, but gave occasional lessons and was visited by friends, including Delacroix and Franchomme. Occasionally he played, or accompanied the singing of Delfina Potocka, for his friends. During the summer of 1849, his friends found him an apartment in Chaillot, out of the centre of the city, for which the rent was secretly subsidised by an admirer, Princess Obreskoff. Here in June 1849 he was visited by Jenny Lind.', ' In November 1849, Chopin returned to Paris and spent the winter ill. He gave occasional lessons and was visited by friends, including Delacroix and Franchomme. He played and accompanied singing for them. In the summer of 1849, friends found him an apartment in Chaillot for lower rent, secretly subsidized by Princess Obreskoff. In June 1849, Jenny Lind visited him there.', 7)
('With his health further deteriorating, Chopin desired to have a family member with him. In June 1849 his sister Ludwika came to Paris with her husband and daughter, and in September, supported by a loan from Jane Stirling, he took an apartment at Place Vendôme 12. After 15 October, when his condition took a marked turn for the worse, only a handful of his closest friends remained with him, although Viardot remarked sardonically that "all the grand Parisian ladies considered it de rigueur to faint in his room."', " In June 1849, Chopin's sister Ludwika and her family came to Paris. He rented an apartment at Place Vendôme 12 with her help. In late October, his health worsened significantly, and only his closest friends stayed with him. Parisian ladies visited him as a social obligation.", 7)
('Some of his friends provided music at his request; among them, Potocka sang and Franchomme played the cello. Chopin requested that his body be opened after death (for fear of being buried alive) and his heart returned to Warsaw where it rests at the Church of the Holy Cross. He also bequeathed his unfinished notes on a piano tuition method, Projet de méthode, to Alkan for completion. On 17 October, after midnight, the physician leaned over him and asked whether he was suffering greatly. "No longer", he replied. He died a few minutes before two o\'clock in the morning. Those present at the deathbed appear to have included his sister Ludwika, Princess Marcelina Czartoryska, Sand\'s daughter Solange, and his close friend Thomas Albrecht. Later that morning, Solange\'s husband Clésinger made Chopin\'s death mask and a cast of his left hand.', ' Chopin requested music from friends Potocka (sang) and Franchomme (played cello). He feared being buried alive and asked for his heart to be returned to Warsaw. He left unfinished piano method, Projet de méthode, to Alkan. Died on 17 October, around 2am, with friends present including his sister, Princess Marcelina Czartoryska, Solange and her husband Clésinger. Clésinger made death mask and hand cast.', 8)
("Chopin's disease and the cause of his death have since been a matter of discussion. His death certificate gave the cause as tuberculosis, and his physician, Jean Cruveilhier, was then the leading French authority on this disease. Other possibilities have been advanced including cystic fibrosis, cirrhosis and alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency. However, the attribution of tuberculosis as principal cause of death has not been disproved. Permission for DNA testing, which could put the matter to rest, has been denied by the Polish government.", " The cause of Chopin's death is still debated, with tuberculosis being the officially recorded cause. Other possibilities include cystic fibrosis, cirrhosis, and alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency. However, the attribution of tuberculosis has not been definitively disproven. Permission for DNA testing to clarify the matter has been denied by the Polish government.", 8)
('The funeral, held at the Church of the Madeleine in Paris, was delayed almost two weeks, until 30 October. Entrance was restricted to ticket holders as many people were expected to attend. Over 3,000 people arrived without invitations, from as far as London, Berlin and Vienna, and were excluded.', ' The funeral at the Church of the Madeleine in Paris was held two weeks late on 30 October. Only ticket holders were allowed to attend due to high expected turnout. Approximately 3,000 people arrived without invitations and were denied entry, some traveling from as far as London, Berlin, and Vienna.', 9)
("Mozart's Requiem was sung at the funeral; the soloists were the soprano Jeanne-Anais Castellan, the mezzo-soprano Pauline Viardot, the tenor Alexis Dupont, and the bass Luigi Lablache; Chopin's Preludes No. 4 in E minor and No. 6 in B minor were also played. The organist at the funeral was Louis Lefébure-Wély. The funeral procession to Père Lachaise Cemetery, which included Chopin's sister Ludwika, was led by the aged Prince Adam Czartoryski. The pallbearers included Delacroix, Franchomme, and Camille Pleyel. At the graveside, the Funeral March from Chopin's Piano Sonata No. 2 was played, in Reber's instrumentation.", " Mozart's Requiem was performed at the funeral with soloists Jeanne-Anais Castellan (soprano), Pauline Viardot (mezzo-soprano), Alexis Dupont (tenor), and Luigi Lablache (bass). Chopin's Preludes No. 4 in E minor and No. 6 in B minor were played. Louis Lefébure-Wély was the organist. Prince Adam Czartoryski led the funeral procession to Père Lachaise Cemetery, which included Chopin's sister Ludwika and pallbearers Delacroix, Franchomme, and Camille Pleyel. The Funeral March from Chopin's Piano Sonata No. 2 was played at the graveside in Rebers instrumentation.", 8)
("Chopin's tombstone, featuring the muse of music, Euterpe, weeping over a broken lyre, was designed and sculpted by Clésinger. The expenses of the funeral and monument, amounting to 5,000 francs, were covered by Jane Stirling, who also paid for the return of the composer's sister Ludwika to Warsaw. Ludwika took Chopin's heart in an urn, preserved in alcohol, back to Poland in 1850.[n 9] She also took a collection of two hundred letters from Sand to Chopin; after 1851 these were returned to Sand, who seems to have destroyed them.", " Chopin's tombstone, designed and sculpted by Clésinger with Euterpe weeping over a broken lyre, was funded by Jane Stirling along with her payment for Chopin's sister Ludwika's return to Warsaw in 1850. Ludwika brought back Chopin's heart in an urn and two hundred letters from Sand to Poland. Later, Sand received the letters back but apparently destroyed them.", 7)
('Over 230 works of Chopin survive; some compositions from early childhood have been lost. All his known works involve the piano, and only a few range beyond solo piano music, as either piano concertos, songs or chamber music.', ' Approximately 230 works of Chopin exist, some of his early compositions are missing. All his known pieces are for the piano, with only a few being concertos, songs, or chamber music.', 8)
('Chopin was educated in the tradition of Beethoven, Haydn, Mozart and Clementi; he used Clementi\'s piano method with his own students. He was also influenced by Hummel\'s development of virtuoso, yet Mozartian, piano technique. He cited Bach and Mozart as the two most important composers in shaping his musical outlook. Chopin\'s early works are in the style of the "brilliant" keyboard pieces of his era as exemplified by the works of Ignaz Moscheles, Friedrich Kalkbrenner, and others. Less direct in the earlier period are the influences of Polish folk music and of Italian opera. Much of what became his typical style of ornamentation (for example, his fioriture) is taken from singing. His melodic lines were increasingly reminiscent of the modes and features of the music of his native country, such as drones.', ' Chopin was educated in the classical tradition of Beethoven, Haydn, Mozart, and Clementi, using Clementi\'s piano method with his students. He was influenced by Hummel\'s virtuoso piano technique and cited Bach and Mozart as major influences. Chopin\'s early works were in the style of "brilliant" keyboard pieces, with influences from Polish folk music and Italian opera. His ornamentation and fioriture were inspired by singing, and his melodic lines became more reminiscent of his native country\'s music, including drones.', 8)
('Chopin took the new salon genre of the nocturne, invented by the Irish composer John Field, to a deeper level of sophistication. He was the first to write ballades and scherzi as individual concert pieces. He essentially established a new genre with his own set of free-standing preludes (Op. 28, published 1839). He exploited the poetic potential of the concept of the concert étude, already being developed in the 1820s and 1830s by Liszt, Clementi and Moscheles, in his two sets of studies (Op. 10 published in 1833, Op. 25 in 1837).', ' Chopin advanced the salon genre of the nocturne and introduced ballades, scherzos, and free-standing preludes as individual concert pieces. He significantly contributed to the development of the concert étude with his two sets (Op. 10, 1833 and Op. 25, 1837). Chopin built upon the work of Liszt, Clementi, and Moscheles in this area.', 8)
('Chopin also endowed popular dance forms with a greater range of melody and expression. Chopin\'s mazurkas, while originating in the traditional Polish dance (the mazurek), differed from the traditional variety in that they were written for the concert hall rather than the dance hall; "it was Chopin who put the mazurka on the European musical map." The series of seven polonaises published in his lifetime (another nine were published posthumously), beginning with the Op. 26 pair (published 1836), set a new standard for music in the form. His waltzes were also written specifically for the salon recital rather than the ballroom and are frequently at rather faster tempos than their dance-floor equivalents.', " Chopin transformed traditional Polish dances, such as the mazurka and polonaise, into concert hall pieces with expanded melody and expression. His mazurkas, originating from the mazurek dance, were published for the concert hall instead of the dance hall. Chopin's polonaises, including seven published during his lifetime, raised the bar for the music form. His waltzes were composed for salon recitals instead of ballrooms and were typically faster than dance-floor versions.", 8)
("Some of Chopin's well-known pieces have acquired descriptive titles, such as the Revolutionary Étude (Op. 10, No. 12), and the Minute Waltz (Op. 64, No. 1). However, with the exception of his Funeral March, the composer never named an instrumental work beyond genre and number, leaving all potential extramusical associations to the listener; the names by which many of his pieces are known were invented by others. There is no evidence to suggest that the Revolutionary Étude was written with the failed Polish uprising against Russia in mind; it merely appeared at that time. The Funeral March, the third movement of his Sonata No. 2 (Op. 35), the one case where he did give a title, was written before the rest of the sonata, but no specific event or death is known to have inspired it.", " Chopin's famous pieces often have descriptive titles given by others, not by the composer. The Revolutionary Étude (Op. 10, No. 12) and Minute Waltz (Op. 64, No. 1) are examples. Chopin never titled an instrumental work beyond genre and number. The Funeral March, from Sonata No. 2 (Op. 35), is the only exception, and was written before the rest of the sonata. No specific event or inspiration is known for the Funeral March.", 7)
("The last opus number that Chopin himself used was 65, allocated to the Cello Sonata in G minor. He expressed a deathbed wish that all his unpublished manuscripts be destroyed. At the request of the composer's mother and sisters, however, his musical executor Julian Fontana selected 23 unpublished piano pieces and grouped them into eight further opus numbers (Opp. 66–73), published in 1855. In 1857, 17 Polish songs that Chopin wrote at various stages of his life were collected and published as Op. 74, though their order within the opus did not reflect the order of composition.", ' Chopin used opus number 65 for his last published work, a Cello Sonata in G minor. He requested that his unpublished manuscripts be destroyed, but his mother and sisters asked Julian Fontana to publish 23 of them as Opp. 66–73 in 1855. In 1857, 17 Polish songs were published as Op. 74, though not in the order they were composed.', 8)
("Works published since 1857 have received alternative catalogue designations instead of opus numbers. The present standard musicological reference for Chopin's works is the Kobylańska Catalogue (usually represented by the initials 'KK'), named for its compiler, the Polish musicologist Krystyna Kobylańska.", " Works published after 1857 by Chopin do not have opus numbers. The standard reference for Chopin's works is the Kobylańska Catalogue, named after its compiler Krystyna Kobylańska.", 8)
('Chopin\'s original publishers included Maurice Schlesinger and Camille Pleyel. His works soon began to appear in popular 19th-century piano anthologies. The first collected edition was by Breitkopf & Härtel (1878–1902). Among modern scholarly editions of Chopin\'s works are the version under the name of Paderewski published between 1937 and 1966 and the more recent Polish "National Edition", edited by Jan Ekier, both of which contain detailed explanations and discussions regarding choices and sources.', ' Chopin\'s publishers included Maurice Schlesinger and Camille Pleyel. His works appeared in 19th-century piano anthologies. The first collected edition was published by Breitkopf & Härtel (1878-1902). Modern scholarly editions include those under Paderewski\'s name (1937-1966) and the Polish "National Edition" (edited by Jan Ekier). Both contain detailed explanations and discussions on choices and sources.', 8)
('Improvisation stands at the centre of Chopin\'s creative processes. However, this does not imply impulsive rambling: Nicholas Temperley writes that "improvisation is designed for an audience, and its starting-point is that audience\'s expectations, which include the current conventions of musical form." The works for piano and orchestra, including the two concertos, are held by Temperley to be "merely vehicles for brilliant piano playing ... formally longwinded and extremely conservative". After the piano concertos (which are both early, dating from 1830), Chopin made no attempts at large-scale multi-movement forms, save for his late sonatas for piano and for cello; "instead he achieved near-perfection in pieces of simple general design but subtle and complex cell-structure." Rosen suggests that an important aspect of Chopin\'s individuality is his flexible handling of the four-bar phrase as a structural unit.', " Chopin's improvisation was audience-focused and not impulsive. His piano and orchestra works, including the concertos, were seen as showcases for piano playing, longwinded, and conservative. After the piano concertos, Chopin avoided large-scale multi-movement forms, instead excelling in simpler pieces with intricate cell structures. Rosen highlights Chopin's flexible use of the four-bar phrase as a structural unit in his music.", 8)
('J. Barrie Jones suggests that "amongst the works that Chopin intended for concert use, the four ballades and four scherzos stand supreme", and adds that "the Barcarolle Op. 60 stands apart as an example of Chopin\'s rich harmonic palette coupled with an Italianate warmth of melody." Temperley opines that these works, which contain "immense variety of mood, thematic material and structural detail", are based on an extended "departure and return" form; "the more the middle section is extended, and the further it departs in key, mood and theme, from the opening idea, the more important and dramatic is the reprise when it at last comes."', ' J. Barrie Jones and Temperley believe that Chopin\'s ballades, scherzos, and Barcarolle Op. 60 are his finest concert pieces. The works showcase Chopin\'s rich harmonic palette and Italianate melody in the Barcarolle. These compositions, with their vast mood, thematic material, and structural detail, follow an "extended departure and return" form. The longer the middle section departs from the opening idea, the more significant and dramatic the return becomes.', 8)
("Chopin's mazurkas and waltzes are all in straightforward ternary or episodic form, sometimes with a coda. The mazurkas often show more folk features than many of his other works, sometimes including modal scales and harmonies and the use of drone basses. However, some also show unusual sophistication, for example Op. 63 No. 3, which includes a canon at one beat's distance, a great rarity in music.", " Chopin's mazurkas and waltzes have simple ternary or episodic structures with codas. Mazurkas exhibit more folk elements, such as modal scales, harmonies, and drone basses. Some mazurkas, like Op. 63 No. 3, display unusual sophistication, featuring a rare canon at one beat distance.", 8)
("Chopin's polonaises show a marked advance on those of his Polish predecessors in the form (who included his teachers Zywny and Elsner). As with the traditional polonaise, Chopin's works are in triple time and typically display a martial rhythm in their melodies, accompaniments and cadences. Unlike most of their precursors, they also require a formidable playing technique.", " Chopin's polonaises represent a significant progression from those of his Polish predecessors, such as Zywny and Elsner, in terms of form. These compositions maintain the triple time and martial rhythm characteristic of traditional polonaises. However, they demand advanced playing technique, distinguishing them from most preceding works.", 9)
('The 21 nocturnes are more structured, and of greater emotional depth, than those of Field (whom Chopin met in 1833). Many of the Chopin nocturnes have middle sections marked by agitated expression (and often making very difficult demands on the performer) which heightens their dramatic character.', " The 21 Chopin nocturnes are more complex and emotionally deep than those of Field, whom Chopin met in 1833. Several of Chopin's nocturnes contain middle sections with agitated expressions and challenging demands for the performer, enhancing their dramatic nature.", 8)
("Chopin's études are largely in straightforward ternary form. He used them to teach his own technique of piano playing—for instance playing double thirds (Op. 25, No. 6), playing in octaves (Op. 25, No. 10), and playing repeated notes (Op. 10, No.  7).", " Chopin's études are primarily in ternary form and were used by him to instruct piano playing techniques, including playing double thirds (Op. 25, No. 6), octaves (Op. 25, No. 10), and repeated notes (Op. 10, No. 7).", 8)
('The preludes, many of which are very brief (some consisting of simple statements and developments of a single theme or figure), were described by Schumann as "the beginnings of studies". Inspired by J.S. Bach\'s The Well-Tempered Clavier, Chopin\'s preludes move up the circle of fifths (rather than Bach\'s chromatic scale sequence) to create a prelude in each major and minor tonality. The preludes were perhaps not intended to be played as a group, and may even have been used by him and later pianists as generic preludes to others of his pieces, or even to music by other composers, as Kenneth Hamilton suggests: he has noted a recording by Ferruccio Busoni of 1922, in which the Prelude Op. 28 No. 7 is followed by the Étude Op. 10 No. 5.', ' Schumann referred to preludes in Chopin\'s oeuvre as "study beginnings." Inspired by Bach\'s The Well-Tempered Clavier, Chopin created a prelude in every major and minor key using the circle of fifths progression. The preludes were not necessarily meant to be performed together and were possibly used as introductions to other compositions by Chopin or others. A recording by Ferruccio Busoni from 1922 showcases this practice, featuring the Prelude Op. 28 No. 7 followed by the Étude Op. 10 No. 5.', 8)
('The two mature piano sonatas (No. 2, Op. 35, written in 1839 and No. 3, Op. 58, written in 1844) are in four movements. In Op. 35, Chopin was able to combine within a formal large musical structure many elements of his virtuosic piano technique—"a kind of dialogue between the public pianism of the brilliant style and the German sonata principle". The last movement, a brief (75-bar) perpetuum mobile in which the hands play in unmodified octave unison throughout, was found shocking and unmusical by contemporaries, including Schumann. The Op. 58 sonata is closer to the German tradition, including many passages of complex counterpoint, "worthy of Brahms" according to the music historians Kornel Michałowski and Jim Samson.', " The piano sonatas No. 2, Op. 35 (written in 1839) and No. 3, Op. 58 (written in 1844) have four movements each. Op. 35 combines piano virtuosity with formal structure, while the last movement's perpetuum mobile in unison octaves was criticized. Op. 58 adheres more to the German tradition with complex counterpoint, resembling Brahms' work.", 7)
('Chopin\'s harmonic innovations may have arisen partly from his keyboard improvisation technique. Temperley says that in his works "novel harmonic effects frequently result from the combination of ordinary appoggiaturas or passing notes with melodic figures of accompaniment", and cadences are delayed by the use of chords outside the home key (neapolitan sixths and diminished sevenths), or by sudden shifts to remote keys. Chord progressions sometimes anticipate the shifting tonality of later composers such as Claude Debussy, as does Chopin\'s use of modal harmony.', " Chopin's harmonic innovations may have stemmed from his improvisation technique. His works feature novel harmonic effects from the combination of appoggiaturas or passing notes with melodic figures of accompaniment. Cadences are delayed through the use of chords outside the home key, such as neapolitan sixths and diminished sevenths, or sudden shifts to remote keys. Chopin's chord progressions anticipate later composers like Debussy with their shifting tonality and use of modal harmony.", 8)
('In 1841, Léon Escudier wrote of a recital given by Chopin that year, "One may say that Chopin is the creator of a school of piano and a school of composition. In truth, nothing equals the lightness, the sweetness with which the composer preludes on the piano; moreover nothing may be compared to his works full of originality, distinction and grace." Chopin refused to conform to a standard method of playing and believed that there was no set technique for playing well. His style was based extensively on his use of very independent finger technique. In his Projet de méthode he wrote: "Everything is a matter of knowing good fingering ... we need no less to use the rest of the hand, the wrist, the forearm and the upper arm." He further stated: "One needs only to study a certain position of the hand in relation to the keys to obtain with ease the most beautiful quality of sound, to know how to play short notes and long notes, and [to attain] unlimited dexterity." The consequences of this approach to technique in Chopin\'s music include the frequent use of the entire range of the keyboard, passages in double octaves and other chord groupings, swiftly repeated notes, the use of grace notes, and the use of contrasting rhythms (four against three, for example) between the hands.', " In 1841, Léon Escudier praised Chopin's unique piano playing and composition style. Chopin emphasized independent finger technique and the importance of using the entire hand for proper fingering and sound quality. His music features the use of the entire keyboard, double octaves, swiftly repeated notes, grace notes, and contrasting rhythms. Chopin did not adhere to a standard method of playing and believed in the importance of individual technique.", 8)
('Polish composers of the following generation included virtuosi such as Moritz Moszkowski, but, in the opinion of J. Barrie Jones, his "one worthy successor" among his compatriots was Karol Szymanowski (1882–1937). Edvard Grieg, Antonín Dvořák, Isaac Albéniz, Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky and Sergei Rachmaninoff, among others, are regarded by critics as having been influenced by Chopin\'s use of national modes and idioms. Alexander Scriabin was devoted to the music of Chopin, and his early published works include nineteen mazurkas, as well as numerous études and preludes; his teacher Nikolai Zverev drilled him in Chopin\'s works to improve his virtuosity as a performer. In the 20th century, composers who paid homage to (or in some cases parodied) the music of Chopin included George Crumb, Bohuslav Martinů, Darius Milhaud, Igor Stravinsky and Heitor Villa-Lobos.', " Polish composers Moritz Moszkowski and Karol Szymanowski, as well as Edvard Grieg, Antonín Dvořák, Isaac Albéniz, Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, Sergei Rachmaninoff, Alexander Scriabin, and Nikolai Zverev, were influenced by Chopin's use of national modes and idioms. Scriabin studied Chopin's works to enhance his virtuosity. In the 20th century, George Crumb, Bohuslav Martinů, Darius Milhaud, Igor Stravinsky, and Heitor Villa-Lobos paid homage to or parodied Chopin's music.", 6)
('Jonathan Bellman writes that modern concert performance style—set in the "conservatory" tradition of late 19th- and 20th-century music schools, and suitable for large auditoria or recordings—militates against what is known of Chopin\'s more intimate performance technique. The composer himself said to a pupil that "concerts are never real music, you have to give up the idea of hearing in them all the most beautiful things of art." Contemporary accounts indicate that in performance, Chopin avoided rigid procedures sometimes incorrectly attributed to him, such as "always crescendo to a high note", but that he was concerned with expressive phrasing, rhythmic consistency and sensitive colouring. Berlioz wrote in 1853 that Chopin "has created a kind of chromatic embroidery ... whose effect is so strange and piquant as to be impossible to describe ... virtually nobody but Chopin himself can play this music and give it this unusual turn". Hiller wrote that "What in the hands of others was elegant embellishment, in his hands became a colourful wreath of flowers."', " Jonathan Bellman argues that modern concert performance style contradicts Chopin's more intimate performance technique, as described in contemporary accounts. Chopin criticized the rigidity of concerts and emphasized expressive phrasing, rhythmic consistency, and sensitive coloring. Berlioz noted Chopin's unique ability to play his chromatic embroidery effectively, and Hiller described Chopin's embellishments as colorful wreaths of flowers. Chopin himself was known to avoid rigid performance procedures often attributed to him.", 7)
('Chopin\'s music is frequently played with rubato, "the practice in performance of disregarding strict time, \'robbing\' some note-values for expressive effect". There are differing opinions as to how much, and what type, of rubato is appropriate for his works. Charles Rosen comments that "most of the written-out indications of rubato in Chopin are to be found in his mazurkas ... It is probable that Chopin used the older form of rubato so important to Mozart ... [where] the melody note in the right hand is delayed until after the note in the bass ... An allied form of this rubato is the arpeggiation of the chords thereby delaying the melody note; according to Chopin\'s pupil, Karol Mikuli, Chopin was firmly opposed to this practice."', " Chopin's music is often performed with rubato, disregarding strict time for expressive effect. Opinions vary on the amount and type of rubato for his works. Most rubato indications are in his mazurkas. Chopin may have used the older form of rubato, delaying the melody note after the bass note. An associated practice is delaying the melody note through arpeggiation of chords, which Chopin's pupil reported he disapproved of.", 8)
('Friederike Müller, a pupil of Chopin, wrote: "[His] playing was always noble and beautiful; his tones sang, whether in full forte or softest piano. He took infinite pains to teach his pupils this legato, cantabile style of playing. His most severe criticism was \'He—or she—does not know how to join two notes together.\' He also demanded the strictest adherence to rhythm. He hated all lingering and dragging, misplaced rubatos, as well as exaggerated ritardandos ... and it is precisely in this respect that people make such terrible errors in playing his works."', " Friederich Müller, a Chopin pupil, described Chopin's playing as noble and beautiful with singing tones, regardless of volume. He emphasized the importance of legato and cantabile style, and criticized lack of note connection, rhythmic inconsistencies, and excessive rubatos or ritardandos in his students' performances when interpreting Chopin's works.", 8)
('With his mazurkas and polonaises, Chopin has been credited with introducing to music a new sense of nationalism. Schumann, in his 1836 review of the piano concertos, highlighted the composer\'s strong feelings for his native Poland, writing that "Now that the Poles are in deep mourning [after the failure of the November 1830 rising], their appeal to us artists is even stronger ... If the mighty autocrat in the north [i.e. Nicholas I of Russia] could know that in Chopin\'s works, in the simple strains of his mazurkas, there lurks a dangerous enemy, he would place a ban on his music. Chopin\'s works are cannon buried in flowers!" The biography of Chopin published in 1863 under the name of Franz Liszt (but probably written by Carolyne zu Sayn-Wittgenstein) claims that Chopin "must be ranked first among the first musicians ... individualizing in themselves the poetic sense of an entire nation."', " Chopin's mazurkas and polonaises contributed new sense of nationalism to music, with Schumann noting his strong connection to Poland and the potential danger his music posed to authorities. Liszt's biography of Chopin ranked him as the first musician, representing the poetic sense of the Polish nation.", 7)
('Some modern commentators have argued against exaggerating Chopin\'s primacy as a "nationalist" or "patriotic" composer. George Golos refers to earlier "nationalist" composers in Central Europe, including Poland\'s Michał Kleofas Ogiński and Franciszek Lessel, who utilised polonaise and mazurka forms. Barbara Milewski suggests that Chopin\'s experience of Polish music came more from "urbanised" Warsaw versions than from folk music, and that attempts (by Jachimecki and others) to demonstrate genuine folk music in his works are without basis. Richard Taruskin impugns Schumann\'s attitude toward Chopin\'s works as patronizing and comments that Chopin "felt his Polish patriotism deeply and sincerely" but consciously modelled his works on the tradition of Bach, Beethoven, Schubert and Field.', ' Modern commentators challenge Chopin\'s label as a "nationalist" or "patriotic" composer due to his use of polonaise and mazurka forms, which were also employed by earlier Polish composers like Ogiński and Lessel. Chopin\'s exposure to Polish music came primarily from urban versions rather than folk music. Jachimecki\'s efforts to identify folk music in Chopin\'s works are unfounded. Schumann\'s assessment of Chopin\'s works was perceived as patronizing, and Chopin deeply felt his Polish patriotism but modeled his compositions on the traditions of Bach, Beethoven, Schubert, and Field.', 7)
('A reconciliation of these views is suggested by William Atwood: "Undoubtedly [Chopin\'s] use of traditional musical forms like the polonaise and mazurka roused nationalistic sentiments and a sense of cohesiveness amongst those Poles scattered across Europe and the New World ... While some sought solace in [them], others found them a source of strength in their continuing struggle for freedom. Although Chopin\'s music undoubtedly came to him intuitively rather than through any conscious patriotic design, it served all the same to symbolize the will of the Polish people ..."', " William Atwood suggests that Chopin's use of traditional Polish musical forms, such as the polonaise and mazurka, stirred nationalistic feelings and unity among Poles living in Europe and the New World. These pieces provided comfort and strength during their fight for freedom. Although Chopin's music was created intuitively and not with deliberate patriotic intent, it symbolized the will of the Polish people.", 8)
('Jones comments that "Chopin\'s unique position as a composer, despite the fact that virtually everything he wrote was for the piano, has rarely been questioned." He also notes that Chopin was fortunate to arrive in Paris in 1831—"the artistic environment, the publishers who were willing to print his music, the wealthy and aristocratic who paid what Chopin asked for their lessons"—and these factors, as well as his musical genius, also fuelled his contemporary and later reputation. While his illness and his love-affairs conform to some of the stereotypes of romanticism, the rarity of his public recitals (as opposed to performances at fashionable Paris soirées) led Arthur Hutchings to suggest that "his lack of Byronic flamboyance [and] his aristocratic reclusiveness make him exceptional" among his romantic contemporaries, such as Liszt and Henri Herz.', " Chopin's unique piano compositions and fortunate arrival in Paris contributed to his reputation. Factors such as supportive publishers and wealthy patrons helped fuel his contemporary and later success. Despite his illness and romantic love-affairs, Chopin's lack of public recitals and aristocratic reclusiveness set him apart from other romantic composers like Liszt and Herz.", 8)
("Chopin's qualities as a pianist and composer were recognized by many of his fellow musicians. Schumann named a piece for him in his suite Carnaval, and Chopin later dedicated his Ballade No. 2 in F major to Schumann. Elements of Chopin's music can be traced in many of Liszt's later works. Liszt later transcribed for piano six of Chopin's Polish songs. A less fraught friendship was with Alkan, with whom he discussed elements of folk music, and who was deeply affected by Chopin's death.", " Chopin and Schumann had a significant relationship, with Schumann recognizing Chopin's talents as a pianist and composer through a dedication and influence on his music. Chopin later dedicated a ballade to Schumann. Liszt transcribed six of Chopin's Polish songs and was influenced by his music. Chopin also had a less complicated friendship with Alkan, discussing folk music with him and deeply affecting him upon Chopin's death.", 7)
("Two of Chopin's long-standing pupils, Karol Mikuli (1821–1897) and Georges Mathias, were themselves piano teachers and passed on details of his playing to their own students, some of whom (such as Raoul Koczalski) were to make recordings of his music. Other pianists and composers influenced by Chopin's style include Louis Moreau Gottschalk, Édouard Wolff (1816–1880) and Pierre Zimmermann. Debussy dedicated his own 1915 piano Études to the memory of Chopin; he frequently played Chopin's music during his studies at the Paris Conservatoire, and undertook the editing of Chopin's piano music for the publisher Jacques Durand.", " Two of Chopin's pupils, Karol Mikuli and Georges Mathias, passed on information about his playing to their students, some of whom recorded his music. Other pianists and composers influenced by Chopin's style include Louis Moreau Gottschalk, Édouard Wolff, and Pierre Zimmermann. Debussy dedicated his 1915 piano Études to Chopin, having studied and edited his piano music for the publisher Jacques Durand.", 8)
("The exact nature of relations between Tibet and the Ming dynasty of China (1368–1644) is unclear. Analysis of the relationship is further complicated by modern political conflicts and the application of Westphalian sovereignty to a time when the concept did not exist. Some Mainland Chinese scholars, such as Wang Jiawei and Nyima Gyaincain, assert that the Ming dynasty had unquestioned sovereignty over Tibet, pointing to the Ming court's issuing of various titles to Tibetan leaders, Tibetans' full acceptance of these titles, and a renewal process for successors of these titles that involved traveling to the Ming capital. Scholars within China also argue that Tibet has been an integral part of China since the 13th century and that it was thus a part of the Ming Empire. But most scholars outside China, such as Turrell V. Wylie, Melvin C. Goldstein, and Helmut Hoffman, say that the relationship was one of suzerainty, that Ming titles were only nominal, that Tibet remained an independent region outside Ming control, and that it simply paid tribute until the Jiajing Emperor (1521–1566), who ceased relations with Tibet.", ' The relationship between Tibet and the Ming dynasty (1368-1644) is a subject of debate. Some Chinese scholars argue for Ming sovereignty based on Tibetan acceptance of titles and renewal processes, while others claim suzerainty with Tibet remaining independent. Most non-Chinese scholars support the suzerainty view, stating that Ming titles were nominal and Tibet paid tribute until the Jiajing Emperor.', 7)
("Some scholars note that Tibetan leaders during the Ming frequently engaged in civil war and conducted their own foreign diplomacy with neighboring states such as Nepal. Some scholars underscore the commercial aspect of the Ming-Tibetan relationship, noting the Ming dynasty's shortage of horses for warfare and thus the importance of the horse trade with Tibet. Others argue that the significant religious nature of the relationship of the Ming court with Tibetan lamas is underrepresented in modern scholarship. In hopes of reviving the unique relationship of the earlier Mongol leader Kublai Khan (r. 1260–1294) and his spiritual superior Drogön Chögyal Phagpa (1235–1280) of the Sakya school of Tibetan Buddhism, the Yongle Emperor (r. 1402–1424) made a concerted effort to build a secular and religious alliance with Deshin Shekpa (1384–1415), the Karmapa of the Karma Kagyu school. However, the Yongle Emperor's attempts were unsuccessful.", " Tibetan leaders during the Ming dynasty frequently engaged in civil war and conducted their own diplomacy with neighboring countries like Nepal. The relationship between Ming and Tibet had a commercial aspect due to Ming's horse shortage for warfare. Scholars also emphasize the religious significance of the Ming-Tibetan relationship. The Yongle Emperor attempted to revive the alliance between Kublai Khan and Tibetan lama Drogön Chögyal Phagpa by building a secular and religious alliance with Deshin Shekpa, the Karmapa of the Karma Kagyu school, but his efforts were unsuccessful.", 7)
("The Ming initiated sporadic armed intervention in Tibet during the 14th century, but did not garrison permanent troops there. At times the Tibetans also used armed resistance against Ming forays. The Wanli Emperor (r. 1572–1620) made attempts to reestablish Sino-Tibetan relations after the Mongol-Tibetan alliance initiated in 1578, which affected the foreign policy of the subsequent Qing dynasty (1644–1912) of China in their support for the Dalai Lama of the Gelug school. By the late 16th century, the Mongols were successful armed protectors of the Gelug Dalai Lama, after increasing their presence in the Amdo region. This culminated in Güshi Khan's (1582–1655) conquest of Tibet from 1637–1642 and the establishment of the Ganden Phodrang regime by the 5th Dalai Lama with his help.", " The Ming dynasty interfered sporadically in Tibet during the 14th century without establishing permanent garrisons. Tibetans used armed resistance against Ming incursions. Wanli Emperor tried to improve Sino-Tibetan relations in the late 16th century, which influenced Qing dynasty's support for the Gelug Dalai Lama. Mongols increased their presence in Amdo region and helped the Gelug Dalai Lama establish the Ganden Phodrang regime in Tibet from 1637-1642.", 8)
("Tibet was once a strong power contemporaneous with Tang China (618–907). Until the Tibetan Empire's collapse in the 9th century, it was the Tang's major rival in dominating Inner Asia. The Yarlung rulers of Tibet also signed various peace treaties with the Tang, culminating in a treaty in 821 that fixed the borders between Tibet and China.", ' Tibet was a powerful empire during the Tang Dynasty (618-907), often competing with China for dominance in Inner Asia. The rulers of Tibet signed several peace treaties with the Tang Dynasty, culminating in a treaty in 821 that established the borders between Tibet and China.', 8)
('During the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period of China (907–960), while the fractured political realm of China saw no threat in a Tibet which was in just as much political disarray, there was little in the way of Sino-Tibetan relations. Few documents involving Sino-Tibetan contacts survive from the Song dynasty (960–1279). The Song were far more concerned with countering northern enemy states of the Khitan-ruled Liao dynasty (907–1125) and Jurchen-ruled Jin dynasty (1115–1234).', ' The Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period of China (907–960) saw minimal Sino-Tibetan relations due to political instability in both regions. Few surviving documents detail Sino-Tibetan contacts during the Song dynasty (960–1279), as the Song focused on countering northern enemy states, the Khitan-ruled Liao dynasty (907–1125) and Jurchen-ruled Jin dynasty (1115–1234).', 8)
("In 1207, the Mongol ruler Genghis Khan (r. 1206–1227) conquered and subjugated the ethnic Tangut state of the Western Xia (1038–1227). In the same year, he established diplomatic relations with Tibet by sending envoys there. The conquest of the Western Xia alarmed Tibetan rulers, who decided to pay tribute to the Mongols. However, when they ceased to pay tribute after Genghis Khan's death, his successor Ögedei Khan (r. 1229–1241) launched an invasion into Tibet.", " In 1207, Genghis Khan conquered the Western Xia state and established diplomatic relations with Tibet. Tibet paid tribute out of fear, but stopped after Genghis Khan's death. Ögedei Khan invaded Tibet in response.", 8)
('The Mongol prince Godan, a grandson of Genghis Khan, raided as far as Lhasa. During his attack in 1240, Prince Godan summoned Sakya Pandita (1182–1251), leader of the Sakya school of Tibetan Buddhism, to his court in what is now Gansu in Western China. With Sakya Pandita\'s submission to Godan in 1247, Tibet was officially incorporated into the Mongol Empire during the regency of Töregene Khatun (1241–1246). Michael C. van Walt van Praag writes that Godan granted Sakya Pandita temporal authority over a still politically fragmented Tibet, stating that "this investiture had little real impact" but it was significant in that it established the unique "Priest-Patron" relationship between the Mongols and the Sakya lamas.', ' Mongol prince Godan, a descendant of Genghis Khan, attacked Lhasa in 1240 and summoned Sakya Pandita, leader of the Sakya school of Tibetan Buddhism, to his court in Gansu. Sakya Pandita submitted to Godan in 1247, officially incorporating Tibet into the Mongol Empire during Töregene Khatun\'s regency. Godan granted Sakya Pandita temporal authority over Tibet, establishing a "Priest-Patron" relationship between the Mongols and the Sakya lamas, which had little real impact.', 8)
("Starting in 1236, the Mongol prince Kublai, who later ruled as Khagan from 1260–1294, was granted a large appanage in North China by his superior, Ögedei Khan. Karma Pakshi, 2nd Karmapa Lama (1203–1283)—the head lama of the Karma Kagyu lineage of Tibetan Buddhism—rejected Kublai's invitation, so instead Kublai invited Drogön Chögyal Phagpa (1235–1280), successor and nephew of Sakya Pandita, who came to his court in 1253. Kublai instituted a unique relationship with the Phagpa lama, which recognized Kublai as a superior sovereign in political affairs and the Phagpa lama as the senior instructor to Kublai in religious affairs. Kublai also made Drogön Chögyal Phagpa the director of the government agency known as the Bureau of Buddhist and Tibetan Affairs and the ruling priest-king of Tibet, which comprised thirteen different states ruled by myriarchies.", " In 1236, Kublai, future Khagan (1260-1294), received a large appanage in North China from Ögedei Khan. Karma Pakshi, 2nd Karmapa Lama, declined Kublai's invitation, so he invited Drogön Chögyal Phagpa, successor and nephew of Sakya Pandita, to his court in 1253. Kublai established a unique relationship with Phagpa, recognizing Kublai as the political superior and Phagpa as the senior religious instructor. Phagpa became the director of the Bureau of Buddhist and Tibetan Affairs and the ruling priest-king of Tibet, governing thirteen states through myriarchies.", 8)
('Kublai Khan did not conquer the Song dynasty in South China until 1279, so Tibet was a component of the early Mongol Empire before it was combined into one of its descendant empires with the whole of China under the Yuan dynasty (1271–1368). Van Praag writes that this conquest "marked the end of independent China," which was then incorporated into the Yuan dynasty that ruled China, Tibet, Mongolia, Korea, parts of Siberia and Upper Burma. Morris Rossabi, a professor of Asian history at Queens College, City University of New York, writes that "Khubilai wished to be perceived both as the legitimate Khan of Khans of the Mongols and as the Emperor of China. Though he had, by the early 1260s, become closely identified with China, he still, for a time, claimed universal rule", and yet "despite his successes in China and Korea, Khubilai was unable to have himself accepted as the Great Khan". Thus, with such limited acceptance of his position as Great Khan, Kublai Khan increasingly became identified with China and sought support as Emperor of China.', ' Kublai Khan conquered Tibet and incorporated it into the Mongol Empire before the Yuan dynasty ruled China, Tibet, Mongolia, Korea, parts of Siberia, and Upper Burma. The conquest marked the end of independent China. Kublai Khan aimed to be both the Mongol Khan and the Chinese Emperor, but he was not widely accepted as the Great Khan, leading him to focus more on his role as the Chinese Emperor.', 7)
('In 1358, the Sakya viceregal regime installed by the Mongols in Tibet was overthrown in a rebellion by the Phagmodru myriarch Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen (1302–1364). The Mongol Yuan court was forced to accept him as the new viceroy, and Changchub Gyaltsen and his successors, the Phagmodrupa Dynasty, gained de facto rule over Tibet.', " In 1358, Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen led a rebellion against the Mongol-installed Sakya viceregal regime in Tibet. The Mongol Yuan court acknowledged his rule, marking the beginning of the Phagmodrupa Dynasty's de facto rule over Tibet.", 8)
('In 1368, a Han Chinese revolt known as the Red Turban Rebellion toppled the Mongol Yuan dynasty in China. Zhu Yuanzhang then established the Ming dynasty, ruling as the Hongwu Emperor (r. 1368–1398). It is not clear how much the early Ming court understood the civil war going on in Tibet between rival religious sects, but the first emperor was anxious to avoid the same trouble that Tibet had caused for the Tang dynasty. Instead of recognizing the Phagmodru ruler, the Hongwu Emperor sided with the Karmapa of the nearer Kham region and southeastern Tibet, sending envoys out in the winter of 1372–1373 to ask the Yuan officeholders to renew their titles for the new Ming court.', ' In 1368, the Red Turban Rebellion overthrew the Mongol Yuan dynasty in China, leading to the establishment of the Ming dynasty under Zhu Yuanzhang. The Ming court may not have fully understood the civil war in Tibet between religious sects. To avoid the same issues that troubled the Tang dynasty, the Hongwu Emperor did not recognize the Phagmodru ruler and instead supported the Karmapa in the Kham region and southeastern Tibet, sending envoys to renew titles for Yuan officeholders in the winter of 1372–1373.', 8)
("As evident in his imperial edicts, the Hongwu Emperor was well aware of the Buddhist link between Tibet and China and wanted to foster it. Rolpe Dorje, 4th Karmapa Lama (1340–1383) rejected the Hongwu Emperor's invitation, although he did send some disciples as envoys to the court in Nanjing. The Hongwu Emperor also entrusted his guru Zongluo, one of many Buddhist monks at court, to head a religious mission into Tibet in 1378–1382 in order to obtain Buddhist texts.", " The Hongwu Emperor aimed to strengthen the Buddhist connection between China and Tibet. Rolpe Dorje, the 4th Karmapa Lama, declined the emperor's invitation but sent disciples as envoys. The emperor also dispatched his guru Zongluo on a religious mission to Tibet from 1378 to 1382 to acquire Buddhist texts.", 8)
('However, the early Ming government enacted a law, later rescinded, which forbade Han Chinese to learn the tenets of Tibetan Buddhism. There is little detailed evidence of Chinese—especially lay Chinese—studying Tibetan Buddhism until the Republican era (1912–1949). Despite these missions on behalf of the Hongwu Emperor, Morris Rossabi writes that the Yongle Emperor (r. 1402–1424) "was the first Ming ruler actively to seek an extension of relations with Tibet."', ' The Ming government passed a law prohibiting Han Chinese from learning Tibetan Buddhism during the early Ming dynasty, but there is limited evidence of Chinese studying it until the Republican era. The Yongle Emperor (r. 1402-1424) was the first Ming ruler to actively pursue relations with Tibet.', 7)
('According to the official Twenty-Four Histories, the History of Ming compiled in 1739 by the subsequent Qing dynasty (1644–1912), the Ming dynasty established the "É-Lì-Sī Army-Civilian Marshal Office" (Chinese: 俄力思軍民元帥府) in western Tibet and installed the "Ü-Tsang Itinerant High Commandery" and "Amdo-Kham Itinerant High Commandery" to administer Kham. The Mingshi states that administrative offices were set up under these high commanderies, including one Itinerant Commandery, three Pacification Commissioner\'s Offices, six Expedition Commissioner\'s Offices, four Wanhu offices (myriarchies, in command of 10,000 households each) and seventeen Qianhu offices (chiliarchies, each in command of 1,000 households).', ' The Ming dynasty (1644-1912) established the "É-Lì-Sī Army-Civilian Marshal Office" in western Tibet and created the "Ü-Tsang Itinerant High Commandery" and "Amdo-Kham Itinerant High Commandery" to govern Kham. Administrative offices were set up under these high commanderies, including one Itinerant Commandery, three Pacification Commissioners Offices, six Expedition Commissioners Offices, four Wanhu offices (myriarchies, each commanding 10,000 households), and seventeen Qianhu offices (chiliarchies, each commanding 1,000 households).', 7)
('The Ming court appointed three Princes of Dharma (法王) and five Princes (王), and granted many other titles, such as Grand State Tutors (大國師) and State Tutors (國師), to the important schools of Tibetan Buddhism, including the Karma Kagyu, Sakya, and Gelug. According to Wang Jiawei and Nyima Gyaincain, leading officials of these organs were all appointed by the central government and were subject to the rule of law. Yet Van Praag describes the distinct and long-lasting Tibetan law code established by the Phagmodru ruler Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen as one of many reforms to revive old Imperial Tibetan traditions.', ' The Ming court appointed Princes of Dharma, Princes, Grand State Tutors, and State Tutors to important Tibetan Buddhist schools such as Karma Kagyu, Sakya, and Gelug. Appointments were made by the central government and under the rule of law. The Phagmodru ruler Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen established a distinct Tibetan law code as part of Imperial Tibetan tradition revival.', 7)
('The late Turrell V. Wylie, a former professor of the University of Washington, and Li Tieh-tseng argue that the reliability of the heavily censored History of Ming as a credible source on Sino-Tibetan relations is questionable, in the light of modern scholarship. Other historians also assert that these Ming titles were nominal and did not actually confer the authority that the earlier Yuan titles had. Van Praag writes that the "numerous economically motivated Tibetan missions to the Ming Court are referred to as \'tributary missions\' in the Ming Shih." Van Praag writes that these "tributary missions" were simply prompted by China\'s need for horses from Tibet, since a viable horse market in Mongol lands was closed as a result of incessant conflict. Morris Rossabi also writes that "Tibet, which had extensive contacts with China during the Yuan, scarcely had diplomatic relations with the Ming."', ' The reliability of the heavily censored "History of Ming" as a credible source on Sino-Tibetan relations is questioned due to modern scholarship. Scholars argue that Ming titles granted to Tibet were nominal and did not confer the same authority as Yuan titles. Tibetan missions to the Ming Court were referred to as "tributary missions," prompted by China\'s need for horses due to conflict in Mongol lands. Tibet had limited diplomatic relations with the Ming.', 8)
('Historians disagree on what the relationship was between the Ming court and Tibet and whether or not Ming China had sovereignty over Tibet. Van Praag writes that Chinese court historians viewed Tibet as an independent foreign tributary and had little interest in Tibet besides a lama-patron relationship. The historian Tsepon W. D. Shakabpa supports van Praag\'s position. However, Wang Jiawei and Nyima Gyaincain state that these assertions by van Praag and Shakabpa are "fallacies".', ' Historians have differing views on the relationship between the Ming court and Tibet, with some seeing Tibet as an independent foreign tributary and others disputing this. Chinese court historians, according to van Praag, held little interest in Tibet beyond a lama-patron relationship. However, Wang Jiawei and Nyima Gyaincain challenge van Praag and Tsepon W. D. Shakabpa\'s positions, labeling them as "fallacies".', 7)
('Wang and Nyima argue that the Ming emperor sent edicts to Tibet twice in the second year of the Ming dynasty, and demonstrated that he viewed Tibet as a significant region to pacify by urging various Tibetan tribes to submit to the authority of the Ming court. They note that at the same time, the Mongol Prince Punala, who had inherited his position as ruler of areas of Tibet, went to Nanjing in 1371 to pay tribute and show his allegiance to the Ming court, bringing with him the seal of authority issued by the Yuan court. They also state that since successors of lamas granted the title of "prince" had to travel to the Ming court to renew this title, and since lamas called themselves princes, the Ming court therefore had "full sovereignty over Tibet." They state that the Ming dynasty, by issuing imperial edicts to invite ex-Yuan officials to the court for official positions in the early years of its founding, won submission from ex-Yuan religious and administrative leaders in the Tibetan areas, and thereby incorporated Tibetan areas into the rule of the Ming court. Thus, they conclude, the Ming court won the power to rule Tibetan areas formerly under the rule of the Yuan dynasty.', ' The Ming emperor sent edicts to Tibet in the second year of the Ming dynasty, urging Tibetan tribes to submit to Ming authority. Mongol Prince Punala visited Nanjing to pay tribute and show allegiance, bringing the Yuan court\'s seal of authority. Lamas, who held the title of "prince," had to renew this title at the Ming court, giving the Ming court "full sovereignty over Tibet." The Ming dynasty won submission from ex-Yuan religious and administrative leaders by inviting them to the court for official positions, incorporating Tibetan areas into Ming rule.', 8)
('Journalist and author Thomas Laird, in his book The Story of Tibet: Conversations with the Dalai Lama, writes that Wang and Nyima present the government viewpoint of the People\'s Republic of China in their Historical Status of China\'s Tibet, and fail to realize that China was "absorbed into a larger, non-Chinese political unit" during the Mongol Yuan dynasty, which Wang and Nyima paint as a characteristic Chinese dynasty succeeded by the Ming. Laird asserts that the ruling Mongol khans never administered Tibet as part of China and instead ruled them as separate territories, comparing the Mongols with the British who colonized India and New Zealand, yet stating this does not make India part of New Zealand as a consequence. Of later Mongol and Tibetan accounts interpreting the Mongol conquest of Tibet, Laird asserts that "they, like all non-Chinese historical narratives, never portray the Mongol subjugation of Tibet as a Chinese one."', " Journalist Thomas Laird argues that Wang and Nyima's Historical Status of China inaccurately portray Tibet as having been part of China during the Mongol Yuan dynasty. Laird asserts that the Mongols ruled Tibet as separate territories, not as part of China, and compares this to the British colonization of India and New Zealand. He also notes that later Mongol and Tibetan accounts do not depict the Mongol conquest of Tibet as a Chinese one.", 8)
('The Columbia Encyclopedia distinguishes between the Yuan dynasty and the other Mongol Empire khanates of Ilkhanate, Chagatai Khanate and the Golden Horde. It describes the Yuan dynasty as "A Mongol dynasty of China that ruled from 1271 to 1368, and a division of the great empire conquered by the Mongols. Founded by Kublai Khan, who adopted the Chinese dynastic name of Yüan in 1271." The Encyclopedia Americana describes the Yuan dynasty as "the line of Mongol rulers in China" and adds that the Mongols "proclaimed a Chinese-style Yüan dynasty at Khanbaliq (Beijing)." The Metropolitan Museum of Art writes that the Mongol rulers of the Yuan dynasty "adopted Chinese political and cultural models; ruling from their capitals in Dadu, they assumed the role of Chinese emperors," although Tibetologist Thomas Laird dismissed the Yuan dynasty as a non-Chinese polity and plays down its Chinese characteristics. The Metropolitan Museum of Art also noted that in spite of the gradual assimilation of Yuan monarchs, the Mongol rulers largely ignored the literati and imposed harsh policies discriminating against southern Chinese. In his Kublai Khan: His Life and Times, Rossabi explains that Kublai "created government institutions that either resembled or were the same as the traditional Chinese ones", and he "wished to signal to the Chinese that he intended to adopt the trappings and style of a Chinese ruler".', ' The Yuan dynasty was a Mongol rule in China from 1271 to 1368, founded by Kublai Khan who adopted the Chinese name Yüan. The Mongols established a Chinese-style dynasty in Khanbaliq (Beijing). The Mongol rulers adopted Chinese political and cultural models, ruling from their capital in Dadu and assuming the role of Chinese emperors. However, they largely ignored the literati and imposed harsh policies against southern Chinese. Kublai created Chinese-like government institutions and intended to adopt Chinese ruler trappings. Tibetan scholar Thomas Laird disputes the Chinese characteristics of the Yuan dynasty.', 7)
('Nevertheless, the ethno-geographic caste hierarchy favoring the Mongols and other ethnicities were accorded higher status than the Han Chinese majority. Although Han Chinese who were recruited as advisers were often actually more influential than high officials, their status was not as well defined. Kublai also abolished the imperial examinations of China\'s civil service legacy, which was not reinstated until Ayurbarwada Buyantu Khan\'s reign (1311–1320). Rossabi writes that Kublai recognized that in order to rule China, "he had to employ Chinese advisors and officials, yet he could not rely totally on Chinese advisers because he had to maintain a delicate balancing act between ruling the sedentary civilization of China and preserving the cultural identity and values of the Mongols." And "in governing China, he was concerned with the interests of his Chinese subjects, but also with exploiting the resources of the empire for his own aggrandizement. His motivations and objectives alternated from one to the other throughout his reign," according to Rossabi. Van Praag writes in The Status of Tibet that the Tibetans and Mongols, on the other hand, upheld a dual system of rule and an interdependent relationship that legitimated the succession of Mongol khans as universal Buddhist rulers, or chakravartin. Van Praag writes that "Tibet remained a unique part of the Empire and was never fully integrated into it," citing examples such as a licensed border market that existed between China and Tibet during the Yuan.', " Kublai Khan, a Mongol ruler of China during the Yuan Dynasty, favored Mongols and other ethnicities over the Han Chinese majority in the ethno-geographic caste hierarchy. Han Chinese advisers, despite their influence, had undefined status. Kublai abolished the imperial examinations of China's civil service legacy, which wasn't reinstated until later. Kublai employed Chinese advisors and officials to rule China but maintained Mongol cultural identity. He had conflicting motivations, focusing on Chinese subjects' interests and his own aggrandizement. Tibet and Mongols had a dual system of rule and interdependent relationship, with Tibet remaining unique in the empire and not fully integrated.", 7)
("The official position of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China is that the Ming implemented a policy of managing Tibet according to conventions and customs, granting titles and setting up administrative organs over Tibet. The State Council Information Office of the People's Republic states that the Ming dynasty's Ü-Tsang Commanding Office governed most areas of Tibet. It also states that while the Ming abolished the policy council set up by the Mongol Yuan to manage local affairs in Tibet and the Mongol system of Imperial Tutors to govern religious affairs, the Ming adopted a policy of bestowing titles upon religious leaders who had submitted to the Ming dynasty. For example, an edict of the Hongwu Emperor in 1373 appointed the Tibetan leader Choskunskyabs as the General of the Ngari Military and Civil Wanhu Office, stating:", ' The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of China states that during the Ming Dynasty, Tibet was governed through conventional practices and the establishment of administrative organs. The Ming abolished previous Mongol administrative councils and religious governance systems, but granted titles to religious leaders who submitted to the Ming. An example is the appointment of Choskunskyabs as the General of the Ngari Military and Civil Wanhu Office by the Hongwu Emperor in 1373.', 5)
('Chen Qingying, Professor of History and Director of the History Studies Institute under the China Tibetology Research Center in Beijing, writes that the Ming court conferred new official positions on ex-Yuan Tibetan leaders of the Phachu Kargyu and granted them lower-ranking positions. Of the county (zong or dzong) leaders of Neiwo Zong and Renbam Zong, Chen states that when "the Emperor learned the actual situation of the Phachu Kargyu, the Ming court then appointed the main Zong leaders to be senior officers of the Senior Command of Dbus and Gtsang." The official posts that the Ming court established in Tibet, such as senior and junior commanders, offices of Qianhu (in charge of 1,000 households), and offices of Wanhu (in charge of 10,000 households), were all hereditary positions according to Chen, but he asserts that "the succession of some important posts still had to be approved by the emperor," while old imperial mandates had to be returned to the Ming court for renewal.', ' Professor Chen Qingying explains that the Ming court appointed ex-Yuan Tibetan leaders of Phachu Kargyu to new positions, while Neiwo Zong and Renbam Zong county leaders were made senior officers in Dbus and Gtsang. The Ming court established hereditary positions such as senior and junior commanders, Qianhu, and Wanhu offices in Tibet, but the succession of important posts required imperial approval and old mandates needed renewal.', 8)
('According to Tibetologist John Powers, Tibetan sources counter this narrative of titles granted by the Chinese to Tibetans with various titles which the Tibetans gave to the Chinese emperors and their officials. Tribute missions from Tibetan monasteries to the Chinese court brought back not only titles, but large, commercially valuable gifts which could subsequently be sold. The Ming emperors sent invitations to ruling lamas, but the lamas sent subordinates rather than coming themselves, and no Tibetan ruler ever explicitly accepted the role of being a vassal of the Ming.', ' Tibetan sources reveal Tibetans bestowed titles on Chinese emperors and officials. Tibetan monasteries sent tribute missions with valuable gifts. Ming emperors invited ruling lamas, but they sent subordinates instead. No Tibetan ruler acknowledged being a Ming vassal.', 8)
('Hans Bielenstein writes that as far back as the Han dynasty (202 BCE–220 CE), the Han Chinese government "maintained the fiction" that the foreign officials administering the various "Dependent States" and oasis city-states of the Western Regions (composed of the Tarim Basin and oasis of Turpan) were true Han representatives due to the Han government\'s conferral of Chinese seals and seal cords to them.', ' During the Han dynasty (202 BCE–220 CE), the Chinese government presented the foreign officials ruling the Dependent States and oasis city-states in the Western Regions (Tarim Basin and Turpan) as genuine Han representatives through the granting of Chinese seals and seal cords.', 8)
('Wang and Nyima state that after the official title "Education Minister" was granted to Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen (1302–1364) by the Yuan court, this title appeared frequently with his name in various Tibetan texts, while his Tibetan title "Degsi" (sic properly sde-srid or desi) is seldom mentioned. Wang and Nyima take this to mean that "even in the later period of the Yuan dynasty, the Yuan imperial court and the Phagmodrupa Dynasty maintained a Central-local government relation." The Tai Situpa is even supposed to have written in his will: "In the past I received loving care from the emperor in the east. If the emperor continues to care for us, please follow his edicts and the imperial envoy should be well received."', ' After being granted the title "Education Minister" by the Yuan court, Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen\'s title "Degsi" was seldom mentioned in Tibetan texts. This suggests a central-local government relationship between the Yuan imperial court and the Phagmodrupa Dynasty. Tai Situpa, in his will, expressed gratitude for imperial support and requested adherence to the emperor\'s edicts.', 7)
('However, Lok-Ham Chan, a professor of history at the University of Washington, writes that Changchub Gyaltsen\'s aims were to recreate the old Tibetan Kingdom that existed during the Chinese Tang dynasty, to build "nationalist sentiment" amongst Tibetans, and to "remove all traces of Mongol suzerainty." Georges Dreyfus, a professor of religion at Williams College, writes that it was Changchub Gyaltsen who adopted the old administrative system of Songtsän Gampo (c. 605–649)—the first leader of the Tibetan Empire to establish Tibet as a strong power—by reinstating its legal code of punishments and administrative units. For example, instead of the 13 governorships established by the Mongol Sakya viceroy, Changchub Gyaltsen divided Central Tibet into districts (dzong) with district heads (dzong dpon) who had to conform to old rituals and wear clothing styles of old Imperial Tibet. Van Praag asserts that Changchub Gyaltsen\'s ambitions were to "restore to Tibet the glories of its Imperial Age" by reinstating secular administration, promoting "national culture and traditions," and installing a law code that survived into the 20th century.', " Lok-Ham Chan and Georges Dreyfus write that Changchub Gyaltsen aimed to recreate the old Tibetan Kingdom during the Chinese Tang dynasty, build nationalist sentiment among Tibetans, and remove Mongol suzerainty. Changchub Gyaltsen reinstated the administrative system of Songtsän Gampo by dividing Central Tibet into districts with district heads who followed old rituals and wore traditional clothing. Changchub Gyaltsen's goals were to restore Tibet's imperial age, reinstate secular administration, promote national culture and traditions, and install a law code that survived into the 20th century. (Van Praag also mentioned these ambitions.)", 8)
('According to Chen, the Ming officer of Hezhou (modern day Linxia) informed the Hongwu Emperor that the general situation in Dbus and Gtsang "was under control," and so he suggested to the emperor that he offer the second Phagmodru ruler, Jamyang Shakya Gyaltsen, an official title. According to the Records of the Founding Emperor, the Hongwu Emperor issued an edict granting the title "Initiation State Master" to Sagya Gyaincain, while the latter sent envoys to the Ming court to hand over his jade seal of authority along with tribute of colored silk and satin, statues of the Buddha, Buddhist scriptures, and sarira.', ' The Ming officer in Hezhou reported to the Hongwu Emperor that the situation in Dbus and Gtsang was stable. The emperor then offered the title "Initiation State Master" to the second Phagmodru ruler, Jamyang Shakya Gyaltsen. The ruler sent envoys to the Ming court with a jade seal, colored silk and satin, Buddha statues, Buddhist scriptures, and sarira as a tribute.', 7)
("Dreyfus writes that after the Phagmodrupa lost its centralizing power over Tibet in 1434, several attempts by other families to establish hegemonies failed over the next two centuries until 1642 with the 5th Dalai Lama's effective hegemony over Tibet.", " After the Phagmodrupa's central power in Tibet declined in 1434, various families tried to establish dominance until the 5th Dalai Lama's effective hegemony in 1642.", 8)
("The Ming dynasty granted titles to lamas of schools such as the Karmapa Kargyu, but the latter had previously declined Mongol invitations to receive titles. When the Ming Yongle Emperor invited Je Tsongkhapa (1357–1419), founder of the Gelug school, to come to the Ming court and pay tribute, the latter declined. Wang and Nyima write that this was due to old age and physical weakness, and also because of efforts being made to build three major monasteries. Chen Qingying states that Tsongkhapa wrote a letter to decline the Emperor's invitation, and in this reply, Tsongkhapa wrote:", ' The Ming dynasty offered titles to various lamas, including those from the Karmapa Kargyu school, but Je Tsongkhapa of the Gelug school declined an invitation from the Ming Yongle Emperor due to old age and ongoing monastery construction. Tsongkhapa wrote a letter to decline the invitation.', 7)
('A. Tom Grunfeld says that Tsongkhapa claimed ill health in his refusal to appear at the Ming court, while Rossabi adds that Tsongkhapa cited the "length and arduousness of the journey" to China as another reason not to make an appearance. This first request by the Ming was made in 1407, but the Ming court sent another embassy in 1413, this one led by the eunuch Hou Xian (候顯; fl. 1403–1427), which was again refused by Tsongkhapa. Rossabi writes that Tsongkhapa did not want to entirely alienate the Ming court, so he sent his disciple Chosrje Shākya Yeshes to Nanjing in 1414 on his behalf, and upon his arrival in 1415 the Yongle Emperor bestowed upon him the title of "State Teacher"—the same title earlier awarded the Phagmodrupa ruler of Tibet. The Xuande Emperor (r. 1425–1435) even granted this disciple Chosrje Shākya Yeshes the title of a "King" (王). This title does not appear to have held any practical meaning, or to have given its holder any power, at Tsongkhapa\'s Ganden Monastery. Wylie notes that this—like the Karma Kargyu—cannot be seen as a reappointment of Mongol Yuan offices, since the Gelug school was created after the fall of the Yuan dynasty.', ' Tsongkhapa refused to appear at the Ming court in 1407 and 1413 due to ill health and the long journey. He sent his disciple Chosrje Shākya Yeshes in his place in 1414, who was given the title "State Teacher" by the Yongle Emperor and later "King" by the Xuande Emperor. These titles held no practical meaning at Tsongkhapa\'s Ganden Monastery. Tsongkhapa\'s actions cannot be seen as a reappointment of Mongol Yuan offices as the Gelug school was established after the fall of the Yuan dynasty.', 8)
('Dawa Norbu argues that modern Chinese Communist historians tend to be in favor of the view that the Ming simply reappointed old Yuan dynasty officials in Tibet and perpetuated their rule of Tibet in this manner. Norbu writes that, although this would have been true for the eastern Tibetan regions of Amdo and Kham\'s "tribute-cum-trade" relations with the Ming, it was untrue if applied to the western Tibetan regions of Ü-Tsang and Ngari. After the Phagmodrupa Changchub Gyaltsen, these were ruled by "three successive nationalistic regimes," which Norbu writes "Communist historians prefer to ignore."', " Dawa Norbu disputes the notion that modern Chinese Communist historians accurately represent the Ming dynasty's role in Tibetan rule. While this may hold true for eastern regions like Amdo and Khams, it is inaccurate for western regions Ü-Tsang and Ngari. Instead of reappointing old Yuan dynasty officials, these areas were governed by three nationalistic regimes, which Communist historians often overlook.", 8)
('Laird writes that the Ming appointed titles to eastern Tibetan princes, and that "these alliances with eastern Tibetan principalities are the evidence China now produces for its assertion that the Ming ruled Tibet," despite the fact that the Ming did not send an army to replace the Mongols after they left Tibet. Yiu Yung-chin states that the furthest western extent of the Ming dynasty\'s territory was Gansu, Sichuan, and Yunnan while "the Ming did not possess Tibet."', ' The Ming dynasty appointed titles to eastern Tibetan princes as evidence of their rule, but they did not send an army to Tibet after the Mongols left and their western territory only included Gansu, Sichuan, and Yunnan, not Tibet.', 8)
('Shih-Shan Henry Tsai writes that the Yongle Emperor sent his eunuch Yang Sanbao into Tibet in 1413 to gain the allegiance of various Tibetan princes, while the Yongle Emperor paid a small fortune in return gifts for tributes in order to maintain the loyalty of neighboring vassal states such as Nepal and Tibet. However, Van Praag states that Tibetan rulers upheld their own separate relations with the kingdoms of Nepal and Kashmir, and at times "engaged in armed confrontation with them."', ' The Yongle Emperor sent eunuch Yang Sanbao to Tibet in 1413 to secure allegiance from Tibetan princes and paid tributes as returns gifts to maintain loyalty of neighboring states like Nepal and Tibet. However, Tibetan rulers maintained independent relations with Nepal and Kashmir and sometimes engaged in armed confrontations with them.', 8)
("Even though the Gelug exchanged gifts with and sent missions to the Ming court up until the 1430s, the Gelug was not mentioned in the Mingshi or the Mingshi Lu. On this, historian Li Tieh-tseng says of Tsongkhapa's refusal of Ming invitations to visit the Yongle Emperor's court:", " The Gelug exchanged gifts and sent missions to the Ming court until the 1430s, but they were not mentioned in the Mingshi or Mingshi Lu. Historian Li Tieh-tseng discusses Tsongkhapa's rejection of invitations to visit the Yongle Emperor's court.", 7)
('Wylie asserts that this type of censorship of the History of Ming distorts the true picture of the history of Sino-Tibetan relations, while the Ming court granted titles to various lamas regardless of their sectarian affiliations in an ongoing civil war in Tibet between competing Buddhist factions. Wylie argues that Ming titles of "King" granted indiscriminately to various Tibetan lamas or even their disciples should not be viewed as reappointments to earlier Yuan dynasty offices, since the viceregal Sakya regime established by the Mongols in Tibet was overthrown by the Phagmodru myriarchy before the Ming existed.', ' Wylie believes that the censorship of the History of Ming distorts the accurate portrayal of Sino-Tibetan relations. During the Ming Dynasty, titles were granted to Tibetan lamas indiscriminately, regardless of their sectarian affiliations, during Tibet\'s civil war. These titles, labeled as "King," should not be considered as reappointments to earlier Yuan Dynasty offices due to the overthrow of the Sakya regime by the Phagmodru myriarchy before the Ming existed.', 8)
('Helmut Hoffman states that the Ming upheld the facade of rule over Tibet through periodic missions of "tribute emissaries" to the Ming court and by granting nominal titles to ruling lamas, but did not actually interfere in Tibetan governance. Melvyn C. Goldstein writes that the Ming had no real administrative authority over Tibet, as the various titles given to Tibetan leaders did not confer authority as the earlier Mongol Yuan titles had. He asserts that "by conferring titles on Tibetans already in power, the Ming emperors merely recognized political reality." Hugh Edward Richardson writes that the Ming dynasty exercised no authority over the succession of Tibetan ruling families, the Phagmodru (1354–1435), Rinpungpa (1435–1565), and Tsangpa (1565–1642).', ' The Ming dynasty maintained a facade of rule over Tibet through tribute missions and nominal title conferrals to ruling lamas without interfering in governance. The titles given to Tibetan leaders did not confer significant authority as they did during the Mongol Yuan period. The Ming dynasty had no control over the succession of Tibetan ruling families, including the Phagmodru, Rinpungpa, and Tsangpa.', 8)
('In his usurpation of the throne from the Jianwen Emperor (r. 1398–1402), the Yongle Emperor was aided by the Buddhist monk Yao Guangxiao, and like his father, the Hongwu Emperor, the Yongle Emperor was "well-disposed towards Buddhism", claims Rossabi. On March 10, 1403, the Yongle Emperor invited Deshin Shekpa, 5th Karmapa Lama (1384–1415), to his court, even though the fourth Karmapa had rejected the invitation of the Hongwu Emperor. A Tibetan translation in the 16th century preserves the letter of the Yongle Emperor, which the Association for Asian Studies notes is polite and complimentary towards the Karmapa. The letter of invitation reads,', ' The Yongle Emperor, who seized the throne in 1402, was supported by Buddhist monk Yao Guangxiao and was himself favorable towards Buddhism. In 1403, he invited the 5th Karmapa Lama, Deshin Shekpa, to his court despite the rejection of an invitation by the Hongwu Emperor. A preserved 16th-century Tibetan translation includes a polite and complimentary letter of invitation from the Yongle Emperor to the Karmapa.', 8)
('In order to seek out the Karmapa, the Yongle Emperor dispatched his eunuch Hou Xian and the Buddhist monk Zhi Guang (d. 1435) to Tibet. Traveling to Lhasa either through Qinghai or via the Silk Road to Khotan, Hou Xian and Zhi Guang did not return to Nanjing until 1407.', " The Yongle Emperor sent eunuch Hou Xian and monk Zhi Guang to Tibet to find the Karmapa. They traveled through Qinghai or the Silk Road to Khotan and didn't return to Nanjing until 1407.", 8)
('During his travels beginning in 1403, Deshin Shekpa was induced by further exhortations by the Ming court to visit Nanjing by April 10, 1407. Norbu writes that the Yongle Emperor, following the tradition of Mongol emperors and their reverence for the Sakya lamas, showed an enormous amount of deference towards Deshin Shekpa. The Yongle Emperor came out of the palace in Nanjing to greet the Karmapa and did not require him to kowtow like a tributary vassal. According to Karma Thinley, the emperor gave the Karmapa the place of honor at his left, and on a higher throne than his own. Rossabi and others describe a similar arrangement made by Kublai Khan and the Sakya Phagpa lama, writing that Kublai would "sit on a lower platform than the Tibetan cleric" when receiving religious instructions from him.', ' In 1403, Deshin Shekpa was encouraged by the Ming court to visit Nanjing by April 10, 1407. The Yongle Emperor showed great respect towards Deshin Shekpa, greeting him outside the palace and allowing him to sit at a higher throne during their meeting. This was a tradition among Mongol emperors and the Sakya lamas. Kublai Khan had also followed this practice with the Sakya Phagpa lama.', 7)
('Throughout the following month, the Yongle Emperor and his court showered the Karmapa with presents. At Linggu Temple in Nanjing, he presided over the religious ceremonies for the Yongle Emperor\'s deceased parents, while twenty-two days of his stay were marked by religious miracles that were recorded in five languages on a gigantic scroll that bore the Emperor\'s seal. During his stay in Nanjing, Deshin Shekpa was bestowed the title "Great Treasure Prince of Dharma" by the Yongle Emperor. Elliot Sperling asserts that the Yongle Emperor, in bestowing Deshin Shekpa with the title of "King" and praising his mystical abilities and miracles, was trying to build an alliance with the Karmapa as the Mongols had with the Sakya lamas, but Deshin Shekpa rejected the Yongle Emperor\'s offer. In fact, this was the same title that Kublai Khan had offered the Sakya Phagpa lama, but Deshin Shekpa persuaded the Yongle Emperor to grant the title to religious leaders of other Tibetan Buddhist sects.', ' The Yongle Emperor presented gifts to the Karmapa during his month-long stay at Linggu Temple in Nanjing. Religious ceremonies were held for the Emperor\'s deceased parents, and miracles occurred during this time, which were recorded on a scroll. Deshin Shekpa was given the title "Great Treasure Prince of Dharma." The Emperor attempted to form an alliance with the Karmapa by offering him the title "King," but Deshin Shekpa declined. This title had previously been offered to the Sakya Phagpa lama by Kublai Khan. Instead, the Emperor granted the title to other Tibetan Buddhist sect leaders.', 7)
('Tibetan sources say Deshin Shekpa also persuaded the Yongle Emperor not to impose his military might on Tibet as the Mongols had previously done. Thinley writes that before the Karmapa returned to Tibet, the Yongle Emperor began planning to send a military force into Tibet to forcibly give the Karmapa authority over all the Tibetan Buddhist schools but Deshin Shekpa dissuaded him. However, Hok-Lam Chan states that "there is little evidence that this was ever the emperor\'s intention" and that evidence indicates that Deshin Skekpa was invited strictly for religious purposes.', " Tibetan sources claim Deshin Shekpa prevented Yongle Emperor from sending a military force to Tibet to enforce Karmapa's authority over Buddhist schools. Thinley suggests the emperor planned to do so but Deshin Shekpa dissuaded him. Hok-Lam Chan questions the accuracy of this, stating there is little evidence for the emperor's supposed intention and Deshin Shekpa was likely invited for religious reasons only.", 7)
('Marsha Weidner states that Deshin Shekpa\'s miracles "testified to the power of both the emperor and his guru and served as a legitimizing tool for the emperor\'s problematic succession to the throne," referring to the Yongle Emperor\'s conflict with the previous Jianwen Emperor. Tsai writes that Deshin Shekpa aided the legitimacy of the Yongle Emperor\'s rule by providing him with portents and omens which demonstrated Heaven\'s favor of the Yongle Emperor on the Ming throne.', " Marsha Weidner and Tsai both mention that Deshin Shekpa's miracles helped legitimize the Yongle Emperor's rule during his conflict with the previous Jianwen Emperor by showcasing Heaven's favor towards him.", 8)
('With the example of the Ming court\'s relationship with the fifth Karmapa and other Tibetan leaders, Norbu states that Chinese Communist historians have failed to realize the significance of the religious aspect of the Ming-Tibetan relationship. He writes that the meetings of lamas with the Emperor of China were exchanges of tribute between "the patron and the priest" and were not merely instances of a political subordinate paying tribute to a superior. He also notes that the items of tribute were Buddhist artifacts which symbolized "the religious nature of the relationship." Josef Kolmaš writes that the Ming dynasty did not exercise any direct political control over Tibet, content with their tribute relations that were "almost entirely of a religious character." Patricia Ann Berger writes that the Yongle Emperor\'s courting and granting of titles to lamas was his attempt to "resurrect the relationship between China and Tibet established earlier by the Yuan dynastic founder Khubilai Khan and his guru Phagpa." She also writes that the later Qing emperors and their Mongol associates viewed the Yongle Emperor\'s relationship with Tibet as "part of a chain of reincarnation that saw this Han Chinese emperor as yet another emanation of Manjusri."', " The Ming-Tibetan relationship involved religious exchanges between the Chinese Emperor and Tibetan leaders, symbolized by the presentation of Buddhist artifacts. The Ming dynasty did not exercise political control over Tibet, and the relationship was primarily religious in nature. The Yongle Emperor's interactions with lamas were an attempt to revive earlier relationships established during the Yuan dynasty. Later Qing emperors and their associates viewed the Yongle Emperor as an emanation of Manjusri in the context of reincarnation. Chinese Communist historians have underestimated the religious significance of these interactions.", 8)
("The Information Office of the State Council of the PRC preserves an edict of the Zhengtong Emperor (r. 1435–1449) addressed to the Karmapa in 1445, written after the latter's agent had brought holy relics to the Ming court. Zhengtong had the following message delivered to the Great Treasure Prince of Dharma, the Karmapa:", " The Information Office of the State Council of the PRC preserves a 1445 edict from the Zhengtong Emperor to the Karmapa, following the latter's agent's delivery of holy relics to the Ming court. Zhengtong addressed this message to the Great Treasure Prince of Dharma, the Karmapa.", 8)
('Despite this glowing message by the Emperor, Chan writes that a year later in 1446, the Ming court cut off all relations with the Karmapa hierarchs. Until then, the court was unaware that Deshin Shekpa had died in 1415. The Ming court had believed that the representatives of the Karma Kagyu who continued to visit the Ming capital were sent by the Karmapa.', ' In 1446, one year after a positive message from the Emperor about the Karmapa hierarchs, the Ming court severed relations due to the discovery that Deshin Shekpa had died in 1415, and the continuing representatives were not actually sent by the Karmapa.', 7)
('Tsai writes that shortly after the visit by Deshin Shekpa, the Yongle Emperor ordered the construction of a road and of trading posts in the upper reaches of the Yangzi and Mekong Rivers in order to facilitate trade with Tibet in tea, horses, and salt. The trade route passed through Sichuan and crossed Shangri-La County in Yunnan. Wang and Nyima assert that this "tribute-related trade" of the Ming exchanging Chinese tea for Tibetan horses—while granting Tibetan envoys and Tibetan merchants explicit permission to trade with Han Chinese merchants—"furthered the rule of the Ming dynasty court over Tibet". Rossabi and Sperling note that this trade in Tibetan horses for Chinese tea existed long before the Ming. Peter C. Perdue says that Wang Anshi (1021–1086), realizing that China could not produce enough militarily capable steeds, had also aimed to obtain horses from Inner Asia in exchange for Chinese tea. The Chinese needed horses not only for cavalry but also as draft animals for the army\'s supply wagons. The Tibetans required Chinese tea not only as a common beverage but also as a religious ceremonial supplement. The Ming government imposed a monopoly on tea production and attempted to regulate this trade with state-supervised markets, but these collapsed in 1449 due to military failures and internal ecological and commercial pressures on the tea-producing regions.', ' The Yongle Emperor of the Ming Dynasty initiated the construction of a trade route from China to Tibet via the Yangzi and Mekong Rivers after Deshin Shekpa\'s visit. This route, which passed through Sichuan and Shangri-La County in Yunnan, facilitated the exchange of tea, horses, and salt. This "tribute-related trade" strengthened the Ming dynasty\'s rule over Tibet. The trade of Chinese tea for Tibetan horses existed prior to the Ming Dynasty. Wang Anshi of the Song Dynasty also attempted to obtain horses from Inner Asia in exchange for Chinese tea for military and agricultural purposes. Both the Chinese and Tibetans relied on this trade for their respective needs. The Ming government imposed a tea monopoly and regulated the trade, but it collapsed in 1449 due to military failures and internal pressures on tea-producing regions.', 8)
('Van Praag states that the Ming court established diplomatic delegations with Tibet merely to secure urgently needed horses. Wang and Nyima argue that these were not diplomatic delegations at all, that Tibetan areas were ruled by the Ming since Tibetan leaders were granted positions as Ming officials, that horses were collected from Tibet as a mandatory "corvée" tax, and therefore Tibetans were "undertaking domestic affairs, not foreign diplomacy". Sperling writes that the Ming simultaneously bought horses in the Kham region while fighting Tibetan tribes in Amdo and receiving Tibetan embassies in Nanjing. He also argues that the embassies of Tibetan lamas visiting the Ming court were for the most part efforts to promote commercial transactions between the lamas\' large, wealthy entourage and Ming Chinese merchants and officials. Kolmaš writes that while the Ming maintained a laissez-faire policy towards Tibet and limited the numbers of the Tibetan retinues, the Tibetans sought to maintain a tributary relationship with the Ming because imperial patronage provided them with wealth and power. Laird writes that Tibetans eagerly sought Ming court invitations since the gifts the Tibetans received for bringing tribute were much greater in value than the latter. As for the Yongle Emperor\'s gifts to his Tibetan and Nepalese vassals such as silver wares, Buddha relics, utensils for Buddhist temples and religious ceremonies, and gowns and robes for monks, Tsai writes "in his effort to draw neighboring states to the Ming orbit so that he could bask in glory, the Yongle Emperor was quite willing to pay a small price". The Information Office of the State Council of the PRC lists the Tibetan tribute items as oxen, horses, camels, sheep, fur products, medical herbs, Tibetan incenses, thangkas (painted scrolls), and handicrafts; while the Ming awarded Tibetan tribute-bearers an equal value of gold, silver, satin and brocade, bolts of cloth, grains, and tea leaves. Silk workshops during the Ming also catered specifically to the Tibetan market with silk clothes and furnishings featuring Tibetan Buddhist iconography.', ' The Ming court established diplomatic relations with Tibet for horse acquisition, but some scholars argue it was not diplomacy, but mandatory tax collection or domestic affairs. The Ming bought horses in Kham while fighting Tibetan tribes and receiving embassies in Nanjing. Embassies promoted commercial transactions between Tibetan lamas and Ming merchants and officials. Tibetans sought imperial patronage for wealth and power. Tibetans eagerly sought Ming court invitations for valuable gifts. Yongle Emperor paid small prices for neighboring states to join Ming orbit. Tibetan tribute items included oxen, horses, camels, sheep, fur products, medical herbs, incenses, thangkas, and handicrafts. Ming awarded equal value of gold, silver, satin, brocade, grains, tea leaves, and silk clothes and furnishings featuring Tibetan Buddhist iconography.', 7)
('While the Ming dynasty traded horses with Tibet, it upheld a policy of outlawing border markets in the north, which Laird sees as an effort to punish the Mongols for their raids and to "drive them from the frontiers of China." However, after Altan Khan (1507–1582)—leader of the Tümed Mongols who overthrew the Oirat Mongol confederation\'s hegemony over the steppes—made peace with the Ming dynasty in 1571, he persuaded the Ming to reopen their border markets in 1573. This provided the Chinese with a new supply of horses that the Mongols had in excess; it was also a relief to the Ming, since they were unable to stop the Mongols from periodic raiding. Laird says that despite the fact that later Mongols believed Altan forced the Ming to view him as an equal, Chinese historians argue that he was simply a loyal Chinese citizen. By 1578, Altan Khan formed a formidable Mongol-Tibetan alliance with the Gelug that the Ming viewed from afar without intervention.', ' During the Ming dynasty, border markets in the north were banned as a punishment against the Mongols for raids. In 1571, Altan Khan, leader of the Tümed Mongols, made peace with the Ming and persuaded them to reopen the markets in 1573, providing the Chinese with new horse supplies. Altan Khan later formed an alliance with Tibet and the Gelug, which the Ming observed without intervention. Chinese historians view Altan Khan as a loyal Chinese citizen, despite Mongol beliefs that he forced the Ming to view him as an equal.', 7)
('Patricia Ebrey writes that Tibet, like Joseon Korea and other neighboring states to the Ming, settled for its tributary status while there were no troops or governors of Ming China stationed in its territory. Laird writes that "after the Mongol troops left Tibet, no Ming troops replaced them." Wang and Nyima state that, despite the fact that the Ming refrained from sending troops to subdue Tibet and refrained from garrisoning Ming troops there, these measures were unnecessary so long as the Ming court upheld close ties with Tibetan vassals and their forces. However, there were instances in the 14th century when the Hongwu Emperor did use military force to quell unrest in Tibet. John D. Langlois writes that there was unrest in Tibet and western Sichuan, which the Marquis Mu Ying (沐英) was commissioned to quell in November 1378 after he established a Taozhou garrison in Gansu. Langlois notes that by October 1379, Mu Ying had allegedly captured 30,000 Tibetan prisoners and 200,000 domesticated animals. Yet invasion went both ways; the Ming general Qu Neng, under the command of Lan Yu, was ordered to repel a Tibetan assault into Sichuan in 1390.', ' Patricia Ebrey mentions that Tibet maintained its tributary status with no Ming troops or governors present. Laird adds that after Mongol troops left, no Ming troops replaced them. Wang and Nyima explain that close ties with Tibetan vassals and their forces were enough to prevent the need for Ming troops. However, the Hongwu Emperor used military force in the 14th century to quell unrest in Tibet. John D. Langlois details unrest in Tibet and western Sichuan, which was quelled by Marquis Mu Ying in 1378, resulting in the capture of 30,000 Tibetan prisoners and 200,000 animals. In 1390, the Ming ordered Qu Neng to repel a Tibetan assault into Sichuan.', 8)
('Discussions of strategy in the mid Ming dynasty focused primarily on recovery of the Ordos region, which the Mongols used as a rallying base to stage raids into Ming China. Norbu states that the Ming dynasty, preoccupied with the Mongol threat to the north, could not spare additional armed forces to enforce or back up their claim of sovereignty over Tibet; instead, they relied on "Confucian instruments of tribute relations" of heaping unlimited number of titles and gifts on Tibetan lamas through acts of diplomacy. Sperling states that the delicate relationship between the Ming and Tibet was "the last time a united China had to deal with an independent Tibet," that there was a potential for armed conflict at their borders, and that the ultimate goal of Ming foreign policy with Tibet was not subjugation but "avoidance of any kind of Tibetan threat." P. Christiaan Klieger argues that the Ming court\'s patronage of high Tibetan lamas "was designed to help stabilize border regions and protect trade routes."', " Discussions during the Ming dynasty centered on regaining control of the Ordos region from Mongol attacks. The Ming dynasty, with a focus on defending against Mongol threats, used diplomacy and gifts to Tibetan lamas as a means of maintaining relations instead of deploying additional military forces. The relationship between Ming China and Tibet was delicate, with potential for conflict, and Ming foreign policy aimed for avoidance of any Tibetan threats. Klieger adds that the Ming courts' patronage of high Tibetan lamas was intended to stabilize borders and protect trade routes.", 8)
('Historians Luciano Petech and Sato Hisashi argue that the Ming upheld a "divide-and-rule" policy towards a weak and politically fragmented Tibet after the Sakya regime had fallen. Chan writes that this was perhaps the calculated strategy of the Yongle Emperor, as exclusive patronage to one Tibetan sect would have given it too much regional power. Sperling finds no textual evidence in either Chinese or Tibetan sources to support this thesis of Petech and Hisashi. Norbu asserts that their thesis is largely based on the list of Ming titles conferred on Tibetan lamas rather than "comparative analysis of developments in China and Tibet." Rossabi states that this theory "attributes too much influence to the Chinese," pointing out that Tibet was already politically divided when the Ming dynasty began. Rossabi also discounts the "divide-and-rule" theory on the grounds of the Yongle Emperor\'s failed attempt to build a strong relationship with the fifth Karmapa—one which he hoped would parallel Kublai Khan\'s earlier relationship with the Sakya Phagpa lama. Instead, the Yongle Emperor followed the Karmapa\'s advice of giving patronage to many different Tibetan lamas.', ' Historians Petech and Hisashi propose that the Ming dynasty employed a "divide-and-rule" policy towards politically fragmented Tibet after the Sakya regime\'s fall. Yongle Emperor\'s strategy, according to Chan, was to avoid exclusive patronage to one Tibetan sect to prevent it from gaining too much power. Sperling disagrees, finding no supporting evidence in Chinese or Tibetan sources. Norbu argues that Petech and Hisashi\'s thesis relies heavily on Ming titles conferred on Tibetan lamas rather than comparative analysis. Rossabi challenges the theory, stating that Tibet was already politically divided when the Ming dynasty began and questioning the Chinese influence. Rossabi also dismisses the "divide-and-rule" theory due to the Yongle Emperor\'s failed attempt to build a strong relationship with the fifth Karmapa and his subsequent patronage to multiple Tibetan lamas.', 7)
('The Association for Asian Studies states that there is no known written evidence to suggest that later leaders of the Gelug—Gendün Drup (1391–1474) and Gendün Gyatso (1475–1571)—had any contacts with Ming China. These two religious leaders were preoccupied with an overriding concern for dealing with the powerful secular Rinpungpa princes, who were patrons and protectors of the Karma Kargyu lamas. The Rinpungpa leaders were relatives of the Phagmodrupa, yet their authority shifted over time from simple governors to rulers in their own right over large areas of Ü-Tsang. The prince of Rinbung occupied Lhasa in 1498 and excluded the Gelug from attending New Years ceremonies and prayers, the most important event in the Gelug. While the task of New Years prayers in Lhasa was granted to the Karmapa and others, Gendün Gyatso traveled in exile looking for allies. However, it was not until 1518 that the secular Phagmodru ruler captured Lhasa from the Rinbung, and thereafter the Gelug was given rights to conduct the New Years prayer. When the Drikung Kagyu abbot of Drigung Monastery threatened Lhasa in 1537, Gendün Gyatso was forced to abandon the Drepung Monastery, although he eventually returned.', ' The Gelug leaders Gendün Drup and Gendün Gyatso had no recorded contact with Ming China. They focused on dealing with the powerful Rinpungpa princes, who controlled Lhasa and excluded the Gelug from important ceremonies. The Gelug were eventually granted the right to conduct New Years prayers in Lhasa in 1518 after the Phagmodru ruler captured it from the Rinpungpa. In 1537, the Drikung Kagyu abbot threatened Lhasa, forcing Gendün Gyatso to abandon Drepung Monastery but he later returned.', 7)
('The Zhengde Emperor (r. 1505–1521), who enjoyed the company of lamas at court despite protests from the censorate, had heard tales of a "living Buddha" which he desired to host at the Ming capital; this was none other than the Rinpung-supported Mikyö Dorje, 8th Karmapa Lama then occupying Lhasa. Zhengde\'s top advisors made every attempt to dissuade him from inviting this lama to court, arguing that Tibetan Buddhism was wildly heterodox and unorthodox. Despite protests by the Grand Secretary Liang Chu, in 1515 the Zhengde Emperor sent his eunuch official Liu Yun of the Palace Chancellery on a mission to invite this Karmapa to Beijing. Liu commanded a fleet of hundreds of ships requisitioned along the Yangtze, consuming 2,835 g (100 oz) of silver a day in food expenses while stationed for a year in Chengdu of Sichuan. After procurring necessary gifts for the mission, he departed with a cavalry force of about 1,000 troops. When the request was delivered, the Karmapa lama refused to leave Tibet despite the Ming force brought to coerce him. The Karmapa launched a surprise ambush on Liu Yun\'s camp, seizing all the goods and valuables while killing or wounding half of Liu Yun\'s entire escort. After this fiasco, Liu fled for his life, but only returned to Chengdu several years later to find that the Zhengde Emperor had died.', " The Zhengde Emperor, despite opposition, sent an envoy with a large fleet and troops to invite the 8th Karmapa Lama from Tibet to Beijing. The Karmapa refused to come and launched an ambush, seizing the envoy's goods and injuring or killing many troops. The envoy escaped, but returned years later to find the emperor dead.", 7)
('Elliot Sperling, a specialist of Indian studies and the director of the Tibetan Studies program at Indiana University’s Department of Central Eurasia Studies, writes that "the idea that Tibet became part of China in the 13th century is a very recent construction." He writes that Chinese writers of the early 20th century were of the view that Tibet was not annexed by China until the Manchu Qing dynasty invasion during the 18th century. He also states that Chinese writers of the early 20th century described Tibet as a feudal dependency of China, not an integral part of it. Sperling states that this is because "Tibet was ruled as such, within the empires of the Mongols and the Manchus" and also that "China\'s intervening Ming dynasty ... had no control over Tibet." He writes that the Ming relationship with Tibet is problematic for China’s insistence of its unbroken sovereignty over Tibet since the 13th century. As for the Tibetan view that Tibet was never subject to the rule of the Yuan or Qing emperors of China, Sperling also discounts this by stating that Tibet was "subject to rules, laws and decisions made by the Yuan and Qing rulers" and that even Tibetans described themselves as subjects of these emperors.', " Elliot Sperling, an Indian studies specialist and Tibetan Studies program director at Indiana University, states that the idea of Tibet being part of China in the 13th century is a recent construction. Early 20th century Chinese writers viewed Tibet as a feudal dependency, not an integral part of China. Tibet was ruled by Mongols and Manchus, and the Ming dynasty had no control over it. Tibet was subject to Yuan and Qing rulers' rules, laws, and decisions, and Tibetans described themselves as their subjects.", 8)
('Josef Kolmaš, a sinologist, Tibetologist, and Professor of Oriental Studies at the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic, writes that it was during the Qing dynasty "that developments took place on the basis of which Tibet came to be considered an organic part of China, both practically and theoretically subject to the Chinese central government." Yet he states that this was a radical change in regards to all previous eras of Sino-Tibetan relations.', ' During the Qing dynasty, Tibet was viewed as an integral part of China, practically and theoretically under Chinese central government control, marking a significant shift in Sino-Tibetan relations.', 8)
('P. Christiaan Klieger, an anthropologist and scholar of the California Academy of Sciences in San Francisco, writes that the vice royalty of the Sakya regime installed by the Mongols established a patron and priest relationship between Tibetans and Mongol converts to Tibetan Buddhism. According to him, the Tibetan lamas and Mongol khans upheld a "mutual role of religious prelate and secular patron," respectively. He adds that "Although agreements were made between Tibetan leaders and Mongol khans, Ming and Qing emperors, it was the Republic of China and its Communist successors that assumed the former imperial tributaries and subject states as integral parts of the Chinese nation-state."', ' Anthropologist P. Christiaan Klieger explains that during the Sakya regime, Tibetan lamas and Mongol converts to Tibetan Buddhism had a patron-priest relationship. The Tibetan lamas acted as religious prelates, while Mongol khans served as secular patrons. Agreements were made between Tibetan leaders and Mongol khans, as well as Ming and Qing emperors. However, it was the Republic of China and its Communist successors who eventually incorporated former imperial tributaries and subject states into the Chinese nation-state.', 8)
('China Daily, a CCP-controlled news organization since 1981, states in a 2008 article that although there were dynastic changes after Tibet was incorporated into the territory of Yuan dynasty\'s China in the 13th century, "Tibet has remained under the jurisdiction of the central government of China." It also states that the Ming dynasty "inherited the right to rule Tibet" from the Yuan dynasty, and repeats the claims in the Mingshi about the Ming establishing two itinerant high commands over Tibet. China Daily states that the Ming handled Tibet\'s civil administration, appointed all leading officials of these administrative organs, and punished Tibetans who broke the law. The party-controlled People\'s Daily, the state-controlled Xinhua News Agency, and the state-controlled national television network China Central Television posted the same article that China Daily had, the only difference being their headlines and some additional text.', " Since the 13th century, Tibet has been under China's central government jurisdiction. The Yuan dynasty passed on the right to rule Tibet to the Ming dynasty, which established two itinerant high commands and managed Tibet's civil administration. The Ming appointed all leading officials and enforced laws, punishing Tibetans who broke them. China Daily, Peoples Daily, Xinhua News Agency, and China Central Television all published the same article on this topic.", 8)
('During the reign of the Jiajing Emperor (r. 1521–1567), the native Chinese ideology of Daoism was fully sponsored at the Ming court, while Tibetan Vajrayana and even Chinese Buddhism were ignored or suppressed. Even the History of Ming states that the Tibetan lamas discontinued their trips to Ming China and its court at this point. Grand Secretary Yang Tinghe under Jiajing was determined to break the eunuch influence at court which typified the Zhengde era, an example being the costly escort of the eunuch Liu Yun as described above in his failed mission to Tibet. The court eunuchs were in favor of expanding and building new commercial ties with foreign countries such as Portugal, which Zhengde deemed permissible since he had an affinity for foreign and exotic people.', " During the Jiajing Emperor's reign (1521-1567), Daoism was promoted at the Ming court while Tibetan Vajrayana and Chinese Buddhism were neglected or suppressed. Tibetan lamas stopped visiting the Ming court. Grand Secretary Yang Tinghe aimed to reduce eunuch power at court, and the court eunuchs favored expanding commercial ties with foreign countries like Portugal.", 7)
("With the death of Zhengde and ascension of Jiajing, the politics at court shifted in favor of the Neo-Confucian establishment which not only rejected the Portuguese embassy of Fernão Pires de Andrade (d. 1523), but had a predisposed animosity towards Tibetan Buddhism and lamas. Evelyn S. Rawski, a professor in the Department of History of the University of Pittsburgh, writes that the Ming's unique relationship with Tibetan prelates essentially ended with Jiajing's reign while Ming influence in the Amdo region was supplanted by the Mongols.", " With the death of Zhengde and the ascension of Jiajing, Neo-Confucian politics at court prevailed, leading to the rejection of the Portuguese embassy and animosity towards Tibetan Buddhism and lamas. The Ming's unique relationship with Tibetan prelates ended during Jiajing's reign, and Ming influence in the Amdo region was replaced by the Mongols.", 8)
('Meanwhile, the Tumed Mongols began moving into the Kokonor region (modern Qinghai), raiding the Ming Chinese frontier and even as far as the suburbs of Beijing under Altan Khan (1507–1582). Klieger writes that Altan Khan\'s presence in the west effectively reduced Ming influence and contact with Tibet. After Altan Khan made peace with the Ming dynasty in 1571, he invited the third hierarch of the Gelug—Sönam Gyatso (1543–1588)—to meet him in Amdo (modern Qinghai) in 1578, where he accidentally bestowed him and his two predecessors with the title of Dalai Lama—"Ocean Teacher". The full title was "Dalai Lama Vajradhara", "Vajradhara" meaning "Holder of the Thunderbolt" in Sanskrit. Victoria Huckenpahler notes that Vajradhara is considered by Buddhists to be the primordial Buddha of limitless and all-pervasive beneficial qualities, a being that "represents the ultimate aspect of enlightenment." Goldstein writes that Sönam Gyatso also enhanced Altan Khan\'s standing by granting him the title "king of religion, majestic purity". Rawski writes that the Dalai Lama officially recognized Altan Khan as the "Protector of the Faith".', ' The Tumed Mongols, under Altan Khan, raided the Ming Chinese frontier and reached Beijing\'s suburbs. Altan Khan made peace with the Ming dynasty in 1571 and invited the third Gelug hierarch, Sönam Gyatso, to meet him in Amdo in 1578. Sönam Gyatso bestowed the title "Dalai Lama Vajradhara" upon himself and his predecessors. Vajradhara is considered the primordial Buddha of limitless and all-pervasive beneficial qualities. Altan Khan was also granted the titles "king of religion, majestic purity," and "Protector of the Faith" by the Dalai Lama.', 7)
('Laird writes that Altan Khan abolished the native Mongol practices of shamanism and blood sacrifice, while the Mongol princes and subjects were coerced by Altan to convert to Gelug Buddhism—or face execution if they persisted in their shamanistic ways. Committed to their religious leader, Mongol princes began requesting the Dalai Lama to bestow titles on them, which demonstrated "the unique fusion of religious and political power" wielded by the Dalai Lama, as Laird writes. Kolmaš states that the spiritual and secular Mongol-Tibetan alliance of the 13th century was renewed by this alliance constructed by Altan Khan and Sönam Gyatso. Van Praag writes that this restored the original Mongol patronage of a Tibetan lama and "to this day, Mongolians are among the most devout followers of the Gelugpa and the Dalai Lama." Angela F. Howard writes that this unique relationship not only provided the Dalai Lama and Panchen Lama with religious and political authority in Tibet, but that Altan Khan gained "enormous power among the entire Mongol population."', ' Altan Khan enforced the conversion of Mongols to Gelug Buddhism, abolishing shamanistic practices and threatening execution for resistance. Mongol princes sought titles from the Dalai Lama, demonstrating religious and political power. This alliance renewed the Mongol-Tibetan alliance of the 13th century and established Mongolians as devout Gelugpa followers. The Dalai Lama and Panchen Lama gained religious and political authority in Tibet, while Altan Khan increased power among the Mongol population.', 8)
('Rawski writes that Altan Khan\'s conversion to the Gelug "can be interpreted as an attempt to expand his authority in his conflict with his nominal superior, Tümen Khan." To further cement the Mongol-Tibetan alliance, the great-grandson of Altan Khan—the 4th Dalai Lama (1589–1616)—was made the fourth Dalai Lama. In 1642, the 5th Dalai Lama (1617–1682) became the first to wield effective political control over Tibet.', " Altan Khan's conversion to Gelug sect aimed to strengthen his power against Tümen Khan. In 1589, Altan Khan's great-grandson became the 4th Dalai Lama, solidifying the Mongol-Tibetan alliance. The 5th Dalai Lama (1617-1682) gained political control over Tibet in 1642.", 8)
('Sonam Gyatso, after being granted the grandiose title by Altan Khan, departed for Tibet. Before he left, he sent a letter and gifts to the Ming Chinese official Zhang Juzheng (1525–1582), which arrived on March 12, 1579. Sometime in August or September of that year, Sonam Gyatso\'s representative stationed with Altan Khan received a return letter and gift from the Wanli Emperor (r. 1572–1620), who also conferred upon Sonam Gyatso a title; this was the first official contact between a Dalai Lama and a government of China. However, Laird states that when Wanli invited him to Beijing, the Dalai Lama declined the offer due to a prior commitment, even though he was only 400 km (250 mi) from Beijing. Laird adds that "the power of the Ming emperor did not reach very far at the time." Although not recorded in any official Chinese records, Sonam Gyatso\'s biography states that Wanli again conferred titles on Sonam Gyatso in 1588, and invited him to Beijing for a second time, but Sonam Gyatso was unable to visit China as he died the same year in Mongolia working with Altan Khan\'s son to further the spread of Buddhism.', ' Sonam Gyatso, granted a title by Altan Khan, sent a letter and gifts to the Ming Chinese official Zhang Juzheng in 1579. In response, the Wanli Emperor conferred a title on Sonam Gyatso and sent a return letter and gift. Sonam Gyatso declined an invitation to Beijing due to a prior commitment in 1579. The Wanli Emperor conferred titles on Sonam Gyatso again in 1588 and invited him to Beijing for a second time, but Sonam Gyatso was unable to visit China as he died that year in Mongolia.', 7)
('Of the third Dalai Lama, China Daily states that the "Ming dynasty showed him special favor by allowing him to pay tribute." China Daily then says that Sonam Gyatso was granted the title Dorjichang or Vajradhara Dalai Lama in 1587 [sic!], but China Daily does not mention who granted him the title. Without mentioning the role of the Mongols, China Daily states that it was the successive Qing dynasty which established the title of Dalai Lama and his power in Tibet: "In 1653, the Qing emperor granted an honorific title to the fifth Dalai Lama and then did the same for the fifth Panchen Lama in 1713, officially establishing the titles of the Dalai Lama and the Panchen Erdeni, and their political and religious status in Tibet."', ' The Ming dynasty allowed the third Dalai Lama, Sonam Gyatso, to pay tribute and granted him the title Dorjichang or Vajradhara Dalai Lama in 1587. The Qing dynasty established the titles of the Dalai Lama and Panchen Lama, and their political and religious power in Tibet, with the fifth Dalai Lama receiving an honorific title in 1653 and the fifth Panchen Lama receiving one in 1713.', 7)
('Chen states that the fourth Dalai Lama Yonten Gyatso was granted the title "Master of Vajradhara" and an official seal by the Wanli Emperor in 1616. This was noted in the Biography of the Fourth Dalai Lama, which stated that one Soinam Lozui delivered the seal of the Emperor to the Dalai Lama. The Wanli Emperor had invited Yonten Gyatso to Beijing in 1616, but just like his predecessor he died before being able to make the journey.', ' The fourth Dalai Lama, Yonten Gyatso, received the title "Master of Vajradhara" and an official seal from the Wanli Emperor in 1616. The seal was delivered to him by Soinam Lozui. The emperor had invited Yonten Gyatso to Beijing that year, but he died before making the journey.', 8)
('Kolmaš writes that, as the Mongol presence in Tibet increased, culminating in the conquest of Tibet by a Mongol leader in 1642, the Ming emperors "viewed with apparent unconcern these developments in Tibet." He adds that the Ming court\'s lack of concern for Tibet was one of the reasons why the Mongols pounced on the chance to reclaim their old vassal of Tibet and "fill once more the political vacuum in that country." On the mass Mongol conversion to Tibetan Buddhism under Altan Khan, Laird writes that "the Chinese watched these developments with interest, though few Chinese ever became devout Tibetan Buddhists."', " The Ming emperors showed indifference towards the increasing Mongol presence in Tibet, leading to Tibet's conquest by a Mongol leader in 1642. The Mongols took advantage of this political vacuum to reclaim Tibet. The Chinese observed with interest the mass Mongol conversion to Tibetan Buddhism under Altan Khan, but few Chinese adopted the faith.", 8)
('In 1565, the powerful Rinbung princes were overthrown by one of their own ministers, Karma Tseten who styled himself as the Tsangpa, "the one of Tsang", and established his base of power at Shigatse. The second successor of this first Tsang king, Karma Phuntsok Namgyal, took control of the whole of Central Tibet (Ü-Tsang), reigning from 1611–1621. Despite this, the leaders of Lhasa still claimed their allegiance to the Phagmodru as well as the Gelug, while the Ü-Tsang king allied with the Karmapa. Tensions rose between the nationalistic Ü-Tsang ruler and the Mongols who safeguarded their Mongol Dalai Lama in Lhasa. The fourth Dalai Lama refused to give an audience to the Ü-Tsang king, which sparked a conflict as the latter began assaulting Gelug monasteries. Chen writes of the speculation over the fourth Dalai Lama\'s mysterious death and the plot of the Ü-Tsang king to have him murdered for "cursing" him with illness, although Chen writes that the murder was most likely the result of a feudal power struggle. In 1618, only two years after Yonten Gyatso died, the Gelug and the Karma Kargyu went to war, the Karma Kargyu supported by the secular Ü-Tsang king. The Ü-Tsang ruler had a large number of Gelugpa lamas killed, occupied their monasteries at Drepung and Sera, and outlawed any attempts to find another Dalai Lama. In 1621, the Ü-Tsang king died and was succeeded by his young son Karma Tenkyong, an event which stymied the war effort as the latter accepted the six-year-old Lozang Gyatso as the new Dalai Lama. Despite the new Dalai Lama\'s diplomatic efforts to maintain friendly relations with the new Ü-Tsang ruler, Sonam Rapten (1595–1657), the Dalai Lama\'s chief steward and treasurer at Drepung, made efforts to overthrow the Ü-Tsang king, which led to another conflict. In 1633, the Gelugpas and several thousand Mongol adherents defeated the Ü-Tsang king\'s troops near Lhasa before a peaceful negotiation was settled. Goldstein writes that in this the "Mongols were again playing a significant role in Tibetan affairs, this time as the military arm of the Dalai Lama."', " In 1565, Karma Tseten overthrew the Rinbung princes and established the Tsangpa dynasty in Shigatse. The second Tsang king, Karma Phuntsok Namgyal, ruled Central Tibet from 1611-1621. Tensions rose between the Tsangpa ruler and the Mongols protecting the Dalai Lama in Lhasa. The fourth Dalai Lama refused to meet with the Tsangpa king, leading to attacks on Gelug monasteries and speculation of his murder. In 1618, the Gelug and Karma Kargyu went to war, with the Tsangpa king supporting the Karma Kargyu. The Tsangpa king died in 1621 and was succeeded by his son, who accepted the new Dalai Lama. However, the Dalai Lama's chief steward attempted to overthrow the new Tsangpa ruler, leading to another conflict. In 1633, the Gelugpas and Mongols defeated the Tsangpa king's troops and negotiated a peaceful settlement. The Mongols played a significant role in Tibetan affairs as the military arm of the Dalai Lama.", 7)
("When an ally of the Ü-Tsang ruler threatened destruction of the Gelugpas again, the fifth Dalai Lama Lozang Gyatso pleaded for help from the Mongol prince Güshi Khan (1582–1655), leader of the Khoshut (Qoshot) tribe of the Oirat Mongols, who was then on a pilgrimage to Lhasa. Güshi Khan accepted his role as protector, and from 1637–1640 he not only defeated the Gelugpas' enemies in the Amdo and Kham regions, but also resettled his entire tribe into Amdo. Sonam Chöpel urged Güshi Khan to assault the Ü-Tsang king's homebase of Shigatse, which Güshi Khan agreed upon, enlisting the aid of Gelug monks and supporters. In 1642, after a year's siege of Shigatse, the Ü-Tsang forces surrendered. Güshi Khan then captured and summarily executed Karma Tenkyong, the ruler of Ü-Tsang, King of Tibet.", ' The fifth Dalai Lama sought help from Mongol prince Güshi Khan against an ally threatening the Gelugpas. Güshi Khan, on a pilgrimage in Lhasa, agreed to protect them and defeated their enemies in Amdo and Kham from 1637-1640. Sonam Chöpel urged Güshi Khan to attack Shigatse, which he did with Gelug monks and supporters. After a year-long siege, Shigatse surrendered in 1642, and Güshi Khan executed the ruler of Ü-Tsang, Karma Tenkyong.', 8)
('Soon after the victory in Ü-Tsang, Güshi Khan organized a welcoming ceremony for Lozang Gyatso once he arrived a day\'s ride from Shigatse, presenting his conquest of Tibet as a gift to the Dalai Lama. In a second ceremony held within the main hall of the Shigatse fortress, Güshi Khan enthroned the Dalai Lama as the ruler of Tibet, but conferred the actual governing authority to the regent Sonam Chöpel. Although Güshi Khan had granted the Dalai Lama "supreme authority" as Goldstein writes, the title of \'King of Tibet\' was conferred upon Güshi Khan, spending his summers in pastures north of Lhasa and occupying Lhasa each winter. Van Praag writes that at this point Güshi Khan maintained control over the armed forces, but accepted his inferior status towards the Dalai Lama. Rawski writes that the Dalai Lama shared power with his regent and Güshi Khan during his early secular and religious reign. However, Rawski states that he eventually "expanded his own authority by presenting himself as Avalokiteśvara through the performance of rituals," by building the Potala Palace and other structures on traditional religious sites, and by emphasizing lineage reincarnation through written biographies. Goldstein states that the government of Güshi Khan and the Dalai Lama persecuted the Karma Kagyu sect, confiscated their wealth and property, and even converted their monasteries into Gelug monasteries. Rawski writes that this Mongol patronage allowed the Gelugpas to dominate the rival religious sects in Tibet.', ' Güshi Khan welcomed Dalai Lama to Tibet and enthroned him as ruler, but kept governing authority with regent Sonam Chöpel. Güshi Khan maintained control over armed forces and shared power with Dalai Lama. Dalai Lama later expanded his authority through rituals, building the Potala Palace, and emphasizing lineage reincarnation. They persecuted the Karma Kagyu sect, confiscated their wealth, and converted their monasteries into Gelug monasteries. Mongol patronage allowed Gelugpas to dominate rival religious sects in Tibet.', 7)
('Meanwhile, the Chinese Ming dynasty fell to the rebellion of Li Zicheng (1606–1645) in 1644, yet his short-lived Shun dynasty was crushed by the Manchu invasion and the Han Chinese general Wu Sangui (1612–1678). China Daily states that when the following Qing dynasty replaced the Ming dynasty, it merely "strengthened administration of Tibet." However, Kolmaš states that the Dalai Lama was very observant of what was going on in China and accepted a Manchu invitation in 1640 to send envoys to their capital at Mukden in 1642, before the Ming collapsed. Dawa Norbu, William Rockhill, and George N. Patterson write that when the Shunzhi Emperor (r. 1644–1661) of the subsequent Qing dynasty invited the fifth Dalai Lama Lozang Gyatso to Beijing in 1652, Shunzhi treated the Dalai Lama as an independent sovereign of Tibet. Patterson writes that this was an effort of Shunzhi to secure an alliance with Tibet that would ultimately lead to the establishment of Manchu rule over Mongolia. In this meeting with the Qing emperor, Goldstein asserts that the Dalai Lama was not someone to be trifled with due to his alliance with Mongol tribes, some of which were declared enemies of the Qing. Van Praag states that Tibet and the Dalai Lama\'s power was recognized by the "Manchu Emperor, the Mongolian Khans and Princes, and the rulers of Ladakh, Nepal, India, Bhutan, and Sikkim."', " The Ming dynasty fell to Li Zicheng's rebellion in 1644, but his Shun dynasty was overthrown by the Manchu invasion. The Dalai Lama sent envoys to the Manchus in 1642 before the Ming collapse. The Qing dynasty invited the fifth Dalai Lama to Beijing in 1652, treating him as an independent sovereign of Tibet to secure an alliance and ultimately establish Manchu rule over Mongolia. The Dalai Lama's power and Tibet's independence were recognized by the Manchu Emperor, Mongolian Khans and Princes, and rulers of Ladakh, Nepal, India, Bhutan, and Sikkim.", 8)
('When the Dzungar Mongols attempted to spread their territory from what is now Xinjiang into Tibet, the Kangxi Emperor (r. 1661–1722) responded to Tibetan pleas for aid with his own expedition to Tibet, occupying Lhasa in 1720. By 1751, during the reign of the Qianlong Emperor (r. 1735–1796), a protectorate and permanent Qing dynasty garrison was established in Tibet. As of 1751, Albert Kolb writes that "Chinese claims to suzerainty over Tibet date from this time."', " The Kangxi Emperor sent an expedition to Tibet in 1720 to help Tibetans against the Dzungar Mongols and occupied Lhasa. A protectorate and permanent Qing dynasty garrison were established in Tibet during the Qianlong Emperor's reign in 1751. Chinese claims to suzerainty over Tibet began from this time.", 8)
('The iPod is a line of portable media players and multi-purpose pocket computers designed and marketed by Apple Inc. The first line was released on October 23, 2001, about 8½ months after iTunes (Macintosh version) was released. The most recent iPod redesigns were announced on July 15, 2015. There are three current versions of the iPod: the ultra-compact iPod Shuffle, the compact iPod Nano and the touchscreen iPod Touch.', ' The iPod, created by Apple, is a series of portable media players and pocket computers introduced in October 2001, following the Macintosh version of iTunes. Current models include the ultra-compact iPod Shuffle, compact iPod Nano, and touchscreen iPod Touch, with the latest designs announced in 2015.', 8)
('Like other digital music players, iPods can serve as external data storage devices. Storage capacity varies by model, ranging from 2 GB for the iPod Shuffle to 128 GB for the iPod Touch (previously 160 GB for the iPod Classic, which is now discontinued).', ' iPods function as external data storage devices with storage capacities ranging from 2 GB for iPod Shuffle to 128 GB for iPod Touch (previously offered up to 160 GB with iPod Classic, which is discontinued).', 8)
("Apple's iTunes software (and other alternative software) can be used to transfer music, photos, videos, games, contact information, e-mail settings, Web bookmarks, and calendars, to the devices supporting these features from computers using certain versions of Apple Macintosh and Microsoft Windows operating systems.", ' iTunes software (and other alternatives) enable transfer of music, photos, videos, games, contact info, email settings, Web bookmarks, and calendars between compatible devices and computers with Apple Macintosh or Microsoft Windows operating systems.', 8)
('Before the release of iOS 5, the iPod branding was used for the media player included with the iPhone and iPad, a combination of the Music and Videos apps on the iPod Touch. As of iOS 5, separate apps named "Music" and "Videos" are standardized across all iOS-powered products. While the iPhone and iPad have essentially the same media player capabilities as the iPod line, they are generally treated as separate products. During the middle of 2010, iPhone sales overtook those of the iPod.', ' Before iOS 5, iPod branding was used for iPhone and iPad media players, but since then, separate "Music" and "Videos" apps have been standardized. Although the media player capabilities are similar, iPhone and iPad are treated as distinct products. In mid-2010, iPhone sales surpassed iPod sales.', 8)
('In mid-2015, a new model of the iPod Touch was announced by Apple, and was officially released on the Apple store on July 15, 2015. The sixth generation iPod Touch includes a wide variety of spec improvements such as the upgraded A8 processor and higher-quality screen. The core is over 5 times faster than previous models and is built to be roughly on par with the iPhone 5S. It is available in 5 different colors: Space grey, pink, gold, silver and Product (red).', ' In mid-2015, Apple released a new iPod Touch model with improved specs, including an A8 processor and higher-quality screen. The device is significantly faster than previous models and is available in five colors: Space grey, pink, gold, silver, and Product (red).', 8)
('Though the iPod was released in 2001, its price and Mac-only compatibility caused sales to be relatively slow until 2004. The iPod line came from Apple\'s "digital hub" category, when the company began creating software for the growing market of personal digital devices. Digital cameras, camcorders and organizers had well-established mainstream markets, but the company found existing digital music players "big and clunky or small and useless" with user interfaces that were "unbelievably awful," so Apple decided to develop its own. As ordered by CEO Steve Jobs, Apple\'s hardware engineering chief Jon Rubinstein assembled a team of engineers to design the iPod line, including hardware engineers Tony Fadell and Michael Dhuey, and design engineer Sir Jonathan Ive. Rubinstein had already discovered the Toshiba disk drive when meeting with an Apple supplier in Japan, and purchased the rights to it for Apple, and had also already worked out how the screen, battery, and other key elements would work. The aesthetic was inspired by the 1958 Braun T3 transistor radio designed by Dieter Rams, while the wheel based user interface was prompted by Bang & Olufsen\'s BeoCom 6000 telephone. The product ("the Walkman of the twenty-first century" ) was developed in less than one year and unveiled on October 23, 2001. Jobs announced it as a Mac-compatible product with a 5 GB hard drive that put "1,000 songs in your pocket."', ' The iPod, released in 2001, had slow sales due to high price and Mac-only compatibility. Apple, part of the "digital hub" category, found existing music players unsatisfactory and assembled a team, including Tony Fadell, Michael Dhuey, and Sir Jonathan Ive, to design a better one. The team used a Toshiba disk drive and drew inspiration from the Braun T3 radio and BeoCom 6000 telephone for design. The iPod, dubbed the "Walkman of the twenty-first century," was developed in one year and had a 5 GB hard drive, making it capable of holding 1,000 songs. It was Mac-compatible and unveiled on October 23, 2001.', 8)
("Apple did not develop the iPod software entirely in-house, instead using PortalPlayer's reference platform based on two ARM cores. The platform had rudimentary software running on a commercial microkernel embedded operating system. PortalPlayer had previously been working on an IBM-branded MP3 player with Bluetooth headphones. Apple contracted another company, Pixo, to help design and implement the user interface under the direct supervision of Steve Jobs. As development progressed, Apple continued to refine the software's look and feel. Starting with the iPod Mini, the Chicago font was replaced with Espy Sans. Later iPods switched fonts again to Podium Sans—a font similar to Apple's corporate font, Myriad. iPods with color displays then adopted some Mac OS X themes like Aqua progress bars, and brushed metal meant to evoke a combination lock. In 2007, Apple modified the iPod interface again with the introduction of the sixth-generation iPod Classic and third-generation iPod Nano by changing the font to Helvetica and, in most cases, splitting the screen in half by displaying the menus on the left and album artwork, photos, or videos on the right (whichever was appropriate for the selected item).", " Apple used PortalPlayer's ARM-based reference platform for iPod software development, with rudimentary software on a commercial microkernel OS. Apple contracted Pixo to design and implement UI under Steve Jobs' supervision. iPod Mini used Espy Sans font, later switched to Podium Sans and Mac OS X themes. In 2007, iPod interface changed to Helvetica font and split screen with menus on left and media on right. Apple worked with IBM on an MP3 player project before iPod.", 7)
('In 2006 Apple presented a special edition for iPod 5G of Irish rock band U2. Like its predecessor, this iPod has engraved the signatures of the four members of the band on its back, but this one was the first time the company changed the colour of the metal (not silver but black). This iPod was only available with 30GB of storage capacity. The special edition entitled purchasers to an exclusive video with 33 minutes of interviews and performance by U2, downloadable from the iTunes Store.', ' In 2006, Apple released a special U2-edition iPod 5G with a black metal body and signatures of the band members engraved on it. This iPod had a 30GB storage capacity and came with an exclusive 33-minute U2 video available for download on the iTunes Store.', 8)
('In September 2007, during a lawsuit with patent holding company Burst.com, Apple drew attention to a patent for a similar device that was developed in 1979. Kane Kramer applied for a UK patent for his design of a "plastic music box" in 1981, which he called the IXI. He was unable to secure funding to renew the US$120,000 worldwide patent, so it lapsed and Kramer never profited from his idea.', ' In September 2007, during a lawsuit, Apple highlighted a 1979 patent for a device similar to Kane Kramer\'s "plastic music box" called the IXI, which he applied for in the UK in 1981 but failed to renew due to lack of funding.', 7)
('The name iPod was proposed by Vinnie Chieco, a freelance copywriter, who (with others) was called by Apple to figure out how to introduce the new player to the public. After Chieco saw a prototype, he thought of the movie 2001: A Space Odyssey and the phrase "Open the pod bay door, Hal!", which refers to the white EVA Pods of the Discovery One spaceship. Chieco saw an analogy to the relationship between the spaceship and the smaller independent pods in the relationship between a personal computer and the music player. Apple researched the trademark and found that it was already in use. Joseph N. Grasso of New Jersey had originally listed an "iPod" trademark with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) in July 2000 for Internet kiosks. The first iPod kiosks had been demonstrated to the public in New Jersey in March 1998, and commercial use began in January 2000, but had apparently been discontinued by 2001. The trademark was registered by the USPTO in November 2003, and Grasso assigned it to Apple Computer, Inc. in 2005.', ' Vinnie Chieco suggested the name "iPod" for Apple\'s new music player, inspired by the pods in "2001: A Space Odyssey." Apple discovered that the name was already trademarked by Joseph N. Grasso for Internet kiosks, which had been in use from 1998 to 2001. The trademark was registered by the USPTO in 2003 and assigned to Apple in 2005.', 7)
('In mid-2015, several new color schemes for all of the current iPod models were spotted in the latest version of iTunes, 12.2. Belgian website Belgium iPhone originally found the images when plugging in an iPod for the first time, and subsequent leaked photos were found by Pierre Dandumont.', ' In mid-2015, new iPod color schemes were discovered in iTunes 12.2. The finding was first made by Belgium iPhone, with additional leaked images found by Pierre Dandumont.', 8)
('The third-generation iPod had a weak bass response, as shown in audio tests. The combination of the undersized DC-blocking capacitors and the typical low-impedance of most consumer headphones form a high-pass filter, which attenuates the low-frequency bass output. Similar capacitors were used in the fourth-generation iPods. The problem is reduced when using high-impedance headphones and is completely masked when driving high-impedance (line level) loads, such as an external headphone amplifier. The first-generation iPod Shuffle uses a dual-transistor output stage, rather than a single capacitor-coupled output, and does not exhibit reduced bass response for any load.', ' The third- and fourth-generation iPods had weak bass response due to undersized DC-blocking capacitors and typical low-impedance headphones forming a high-pass filter. This issue is less noticeable with high-impedance headphones or when using an external headphone amplifier. The first-generation iPod Shuffle, however, does not exhibit reduced bass response for any load due to its dual-transistor output stage.', 8)
("For all iPods released in 2006 and earlier, some equalizer (EQ) sound settings would distort the bass sound far too easily, even on undemanding songs. This would happen for EQ settings like R&B, Rock, Acoustic, and Bass Booster, because the equalizer amplified the digital audio level beyond the software's limit, causing distortion (clipping) on bass instruments.", ' iPods released in 2006 and earlier had EQ settings, such as R&B, Rock, Acoustic, and Bass Booster, that distorted bass sounds due to amplification beyond software limits, resulting in clipping.', 8)
('From the fifth-generation iPod on, Apple introduced a user-configurable volume limit in response to concerns about hearing loss. Users report that in the sixth-generation iPod, the maximum volume output level is limited to 100 dB in EU markets. Apple previously had to remove iPods from shelves in France for exceeding this legal limit. However, users that have bought a new sixth-generation iPod in late 2013 have reported a new option that allowed them to disable the EU volume limit. It has been said that these new iPods came with an updated software that allowed this change. Older sixth-generation iPods, however, are unable to update to this software version.', ' Apple introduced a user-configurable volume limit in iPods from the fifth generation onward due to hearing loss concerns. The maximum volume output in EU markets for the sixth-generation iPod is limited to 100 dB. Apple removed some iPods from French shelves for exceeding this limit. In late 2013, some new sixth-generation iPods came with updated software that allowed users to disable the EU volume limit. Older sixth-generation iPods cannot update to this software version.', 8)
('Originally, a FireWire connection to the host computer was used to update songs or recharge the battery. The battery could also be charged with a power adapter that was included with the first four generations.', ' The FireWire connection on an iPod was initially used for song updates and battery charging. Battery could also be charged using the included power adapter in the first four generations.', 8)
('The third generation began including a 30-pin dock connector, allowing for FireWire or USB connectivity. This provided better compatibility with non-Apple machines, as most of them did not have FireWire ports at the time. Eventually Apple began shipping iPods with USB cables instead of FireWire, although the latter was available separately. As of the first-generation iPod Nano and the fifth-generation iPod Classic, Apple discontinued using FireWire for data transfer (while still allowing for use of FireWire to charge the device) in an attempt to reduce cost and form factor. As of the second-generation iPod Touch and the fourth-generation iPod Nano, FireWire charging ability has been removed. The second-, third-, and fourth-generation iPod Shuffle uses a single 3.5 mm minijack phone connector which acts as both a headphone jack and a data port for the dock.', " The iPod's third generation introduced a 30-pin dock connector for FireWire or USB connectivity, improving compatibility with non-Apple machines. Apple later switched to USB cables and discontinued FireWire for data transfer on the first-generation iPod Nano and fifth-generation iPod Classic. FireWire charging was removed in the second-generation iPod Touch and fourth-generation iPod Nano. The second-, third-, and fourth-generation iPod Shuffle use a 3.5 mm minijack phone connector as both a headphone jack and data port.", 8)
("The dock connector also allowed the iPod to connect to accessories, which often supplement the iPod's music, video, and photo playback. Apple sells a few accessories, such as the now-discontinued iPod Hi-Fi, but most are manufactured by third parties such as Belkin and Griffin. Some peripherals use their own interface, while others use the iPod's own screen. Because the dock connector is a proprietary interface, the implementation of the interface requires paying royalties to Apple.", " The dock connector on an iPod enabled it to link to accessories for enhanced music, video, and photo playback. Apple offers some accessories, while most are produced by third parties like Belkin and Griffin. Peripherals may have their own interface or use the iPod's screen. As it's a proprietary interface, using it necessitates paying royalties to Apple.", 8)
('Apple introduced a new 8-pin dock connector, named Lightning, on September 12, 2012 with their announcement of the iPhone 5, the fifth generation iPod Touch, and the seventh generation iPod Nano, which all feature it. The new connector replaces the older 30-pin dock connector used by older iPods, iPhones, and iPads. Apple Lightning cables have pins on both sides of the plug so it can be inserted with either side facing up.', ' Apple introduced the Lightning connector, a new 8-pin replacement for the 30-pin dock connector, on September 12, 2012 with the iPhone 5, fifth generation iPod Touch, and seventh generation iPod Nano. The new connector has pins on both sides for easy insertion.', 8)
('Many accessories have been made for the iPod line. A large number are made by third party companies, although many, such as the iPod Hi-Fi, are made by Apple. Some accessories add extra features that other music players have, such as sound recorders, FM radio tuners, wired remote controls, and audio/visual cables for TV connections. Other accessories offer unique features like the Nike+iPod pedometer and the iPod Camera Connector. Other notable accessories include external speakers, wireless remote controls, protective case, screen films, and wireless earphones. Among the first accessory manufacturers were Griffin Technology, Belkin, JBL, Bose, Monster Cable, and SendStation.', ' The iPod line has various accessories, with many made by third parties and some by Apple. Accessories add features like sound recorders, FM radio tuners, wired remote controls, audio/visual cables, Nike+iPod pedometer, iPod Camera Connector, external speakers, wireless remote controls, protective cases, screen films, and wireless earphones. Early accessory manufacturers include Griffin Technology, Belkin, JBL, Bose, Monster Cable, and SendStation.', 8)
('BMW released the first iPod automobile interface, allowing drivers of newer BMW vehicles to control an iPod using either the built-in steering wheel controls or the radio head-unit buttons. Apple announced in 2005 that similar systems would be available for other vehicle brands, including Mercedes-Benz, Volvo, Nissan, Toyota, Alfa Romeo, Ferrari, Acura, Audi, Honda, Renault, Infiniti and Volkswagen. Scion offers standard iPod connectivity on all their cars.', ' BMW introduced the first iPod interface for automobiles in 2005, enabling control through steering wheel buttons or radio head-unit. Apple planned to offer similar systems for Mercedes-Benz, Volvo, Nissan, Toyota, Alfa Romeo, Ferrari, Acura, Audi, Honda, Renault, Infiniti, and Volkswagen. Scion included standard iPod connectivity in all their cars.', 8)
('Some independent stereo manufacturers including JVC, Pioneer, Kenwood, Alpine, Sony, and Harman Kardon also have iPod-specific integration solutions. Alternative connection methods include adapter kits (that use the cassette deck or the CD changer port), audio input jacks, and FM transmitters such as the iTrip—although personal FM transmitters are illegal in some countries. Many car manufacturers have added audio input jacks as standard.', ' Independent stereo manufacturers like JVC, Pioneer, Kenwood, Alpine, Sony, and Harman Kardon offer iPod integration solutions. Other connection methods include adapter kits for cassette decks or CD changer ports, audio input jacks, and FM transmitters such as iTrip. Some countries ban personal FM transmitters. Car manufacturers now include audio input jacks as standard.', 8)
('Beginning in mid-2007, four major airlines, United, Continental, Delta, and Emirates, reached agreements to install iPod seat connections. The free service will allow passengers to power and charge an iPod, and view video and music libraries on individual seat-back displays. Originally KLM and Air France were reported to be part of the deal with Apple, but they later released statements explaining that they were only contemplating the possibility of incorporating such systems.', ' In mid-2007, United, Continental, Delta, and Emirates airlines agreed to install iPod seat connections for passengers. This free service allows charging and viewing of iPod libraries on individual seat-back displays. Initially, KLM and Air France were involved in the deal with Apple, but later clarified they were only considering the implementation of such systems.', 8)
('The iPod line can play several audio file formats including MP3, AAC/M4A, Protected AAC, AIFF, WAV, Audible audiobook, and Apple Lossless. The iPod photo introduced the ability to display JPEG, BMP, GIF, TIFF, and PNG image file formats. Fifth and sixth generation iPod Classics, as well as third generation iPod Nanos, can additionally play MPEG-4 (H.264/MPEG-4 AVC) and QuickTime video formats, with restrictions on video dimensions, encoding techniques and data-rates. Originally, iPod software only worked with Mac OS; iPod software for Microsoft Windows was launched with the second generation model. Unlike most other media players, Apple does not support Microsoft\'s WMA audio format—but a converter for WMA files without Digital Rights Management (DRM) is provided with the Windows version of iTunes. MIDI files also cannot be played, but can be converted to audio files using the "Advanced" menu in iTunes. Alternative open-source audio formats, such as Ogg Vorbis and FLAC, are not supported without installing custom firmware onto an iPod (e.g., Rockbox).', ' The iPod supports MP3, AAC/M4A, Protected AAC, AIFF, WAV, Audible audiobook, Apple Lossless, JPEG, BMP, GIF, TIFF, PNG, MPEG-4 (H.264/MPEG-4 AVC), and QuickTime formats. iPod software originally worked only on Mac OS, but later added support for Windows. Apple does not support WMA audio or MIDI files without DRM, but provides a converter for WMA in iTunes. Open-source audio formats like Ogg Vorbis and FLAC require custom firmware. Fifth and sixth generation iPod Classics, as well as third generation iPod Nanos, can play video formats with restrictions.', 8)
("During installation, an iPod is associated with one host computer. Each time an iPod connects to its host computer, iTunes can synchronize entire music libraries or music playlists either automatically or manually. Song ratings can be set on an iPod and synchronized later to the iTunes library, and vice versa. A user can access, play, and add music on a second computer if an iPod is set to manual and not automatic sync, but anything added or edited will be reversed upon connecting and syncing with the main computer and its library. If a user wishes to automatically sync music with another computer, an iPod's library will be entirely wiped and replaced with the other computer's library.", " An iPod can be synced with one main host computer using iTunes, allowing automatic or manual synchronization of music libraries or playlists. Ratings can be transferred between iPod and iTunes. Manual sync allows use on a second computer, but changes will be reversed upon connecting to the main computer. To sync with a second computer automatically, the iPod's library will be replaced.", 8)
('iPods with color displays use anti-aliased graphics and text, with sliding animations. All iPods (except the 3rd-generation iPod Shuffle, the 6th & 7th generation iPod Nano, and iPod Touch) have five buttons and the later generations have the buttons integrated into the click wheel – an innovation that gives an uncluttered, minimalist interface. The buttons perform basic functions such as menu, play, pause, next track, and previous track. Other operations, such as scrolling through menu items and controlling the volume, are performed by using the click wheel in a rotational manner. The 3rd-generation iPod Shuffle does not have any controls on the actual player; instead it has a small control on the earphone cable, with volume-up and -down buttons and a single button for play and pause, next track, etc. The iPod Touch has no click-wheel; instead it uses a 3.5" touch screen along with a home button, sleep/wake button and (on the second and third generations of the iPod Touch) volume-up and -down buttons. The user interface for the iPod Touch is identical to that of the iPhone. Differences include a lack of a phone application. Both devices use iOS.', ' The iPod with color display features anti-aliased graphics and text, sliding animations, and five buttons with integrated click wheel for basic functions and scrolling. The 3rd-generation iPod Shuffle has no controls on the player, only on the earphone cable. The iPod Touch has a 3.5" touch screen, home button, sleep/wake button, and volume buttons, with no click wheel. The user interface is identical to the iPhone, but lacks a phone application. All iPods except for certain models use iOS.', 7)
('The iTunes Store (introduced April 29, 2003) is an online media store run by Apple and accessed through iTunes. The store became the market leader soon after its launch and Apple announced the sale of videos through the store on October 12, 2005. Full-length movies became available on September 12, 2006.', ' The iTunes Store, launched April 29, 2003, is an online media platform run by Apple. It quickly became a market leader and started selling videos on October 12, 2005. Full-length movies were added on September 12, 2006.', 8)
('At the time the store was introduced, purchased audio files used the AAC format with added encryption, based on the FairPlay DRM system. Up to five authorized computers and an unlimited number of iPods could play the files. Burning the files with iTunes as an audio CD, then re-importing would create music files without the DRM. The DRM could also be removed using third-party software. However, in a deal with Apple, EMI began selling DRM-free, higher-quality songs on the iTunes Stores, in a category called "iTunes Plus." While individual songs were made available at a cost of US$1.29, 30¢ more than the cost of a regular DRM song, entire albums were available for the same price, US$9.99, as DRM encoded albums. On October 17, 2007, Apple lowered the cost of individual iTunes Plus songs to US$0.99 per song, the same as DRM encoded tracks. On January 6, 2009, Apple announced that DRM has been removed from 80% of the music catalog, and that it would be removed from all music by April 2009.', ' In 2007, Apple introduced iTunes Store songs with AAC format and FairPlay DRM, allowing playback on five computers and unlimited iPods. DRM could be bypassed using third-party software. EMI sold DRM-free, higher-quality songs called "iTunes Plus" for $0.12 extra per song or same price for albums. Apple lowered iTunes Plus song price to $0.99 in 2007 and removed DRM from 80% of music catalog by January 2009, aiming for complete removal by April 2009.', 6)
("iPods cannot play music files from competing music stores that use rival-DRM technologies like Microsoft's protected WMA or RealNetworks' Helix DRM. Example stores include Napster and MSN Music. RealNetworks claims that Apple is creating problems for itself by using FairPlay to lock users into using the iTunes Store. Steve Jobs stated that Apple makes little profit from song sales, although Apple uses the store to promote iPod sales. However, iPods can also play music files from online stores that do not use DRM, such as eMusic or Amie Street.", " iPods cannot play music files from stores using Microsoft's WMA and RealNetworks' Helix DRM, such as Napster and MSN Music. RealNetworks accuses Apple of limiting choices by using FairPlay for iTunes Store. Apple makes minimal profit from song sales but uses the store to boost iPod sales. iPods can play music from stores without DRM, like eMusic and Amie Street.", 8)
("Universal Music Group decided not to renew their contract with the iTunes Store on July 3, 2007. Universal will now supply iTunes in an 'at will' capacity.", ' Universal Music Group ended their contract renewal with iTunes Store on July 3, 2007, and will now provide iTunes with music on an as-needed basis.', 8)
('Apple debuted the iTunes Wi-Fi Music Store on September 5, 2007, in its Media Event entitled "The Beat Goes On...". This service allows users to access the Music Store from either an iPhone or an iPod Touch and download songs directly to the device that can be synced to the user\'s iTunes Library over a WiFi connection, or, in the case of an iPhone, the telephone network.', ' Apple introduced the iTunes Wi-Fi Music Store on September 5, 2007, during the "The Beat Goes On..." Media Event. Users can access and download songs directly to their iPhone or iPod Touch, which can then be synced to their iTunes Library via WiFi or, for iPhones, through the telephone network.', 9)
("Video games are playable on various versions of iPods. The original iPod had the game Brick (originally invented by Apple's co-founder Steve Wozniak) included as an easter egg hidden feature; later firmware versions added it as a menu option. Later revisions of the iPod added three more games: Parachute, Solitaire, and Music Quiz.", ' The iPod supported video games, with Brick being an Easter egg on the original model and later added as a menu option. Three more games, Parachute, Solitaire, and Music Quiz, were included in later iPod revisions.', 8)
("In September 2006, the iTunes Store began to offer additional games for purchase with the launch of iTunes 7, compatible with the fifth generation iPod with iPod software 1.2 or later. Those games were: Bejeweled, Cubis 2, Mahjong, Mini Golf, Pac-Man, Tetris, Texas Hold 'Em, Vortex, Asphalt 4: Elite Racing and Zuma. Additional games have since been added. These games work on the 6th and 5th generation iPod Classic and the 5th and 4th generation iPod Nano.", ' In September 2006, iTunes Store introduced games for purchase on iTunes 7, compatible with 5th and 6th generation iPods. Games included: Bejeweled, Cubis 2, Mahjong, Mini Golf, Pac-Man, Tetris, Texas Hold Em, Vortex, Asphalt 4: Elite Racing, and Zuma. Games work on 5th and 4th generation iPod Nano and 5th and 6th generation iPod Classic.', 8)
("With third parties like Namco, Square Enix, Electronic Arts, Sega, and Hudson Soft all making games for the iPod, Apple's MP3 player has taken steps towards entering the video game handheld console market. Even video game magazines like GamePro and EGM have reviewed and rated most of their games as of late.", " Apple's iPod, with games from companies like Namco, Square Enix, Electronic Arts, Sega, and Hudson Soft, has been reviewed by video game magazines such as GamePro and EGM, positioning it as a potential player in the handheld console market for video games.", 8)
('The games are in the form of .ipg files, which are actually .zip archives in disguise[citation needed]. When unzipped, they reveal executable files along with common audio and image files, leading to the possibility of third party games. Apple has not publicly released a software development kit (SDK) for iPod-specific development. Apps produced with the iPhone SDK are compatible only with the iOS on the iPod Touch and iPhone, which cannot run clickwheel-based games.', " The iPod games come in .ipg format, which are disguised .zip archives containing executable files and common media. Apple hasn't released an iPod-specific SDK, and games developed for the iPhone SDK are only compatible with iOS on iPod Touch and iPhone, not clickwheel-based games.", 8)
('Unlike many other MP3 players, simply copying audio or video files to the drive with a typical file management application will not allow an iPod to properly access them. The user must use software that has been specifically designed to transfer media files to iPods, so that the files are playable and viewable. Usually iTunes is used to transfer media to an iPod, though several alternative third-party applications are available on a number of different platforms.', ' iPods require specialized software like iTunes for transferring media files, unlike other MP3 players that can be managed with typical file management applications.', 8)
('iTunes 7 and above can transfer purchased media of the iTunes Store from an iPod to a computer, provided that computer containing the DRM protected media is authorized to play it.', ' iTunes 7 and higher enables transferring purchased media from iPod to authorized computers from iTunes Store.', 8)
('Media files are stored on an iPod in a hidden folder, along with a proprietary database file. The hidden content can be accessed on the host operating system by enabling hidden files to be shown. The media files can then be recovered manually by copying the files or folders off the iPod. Many third-party applications also allow easy copying of media files off of an iPod.', ' Media files on an iPod are stored in a hidden folder with a proprietary database file. These hidden files can be accessed on the host operating system by showing hidden files. Media files can be manually copied off the iPod, or third-party applications can be used for easy copying.', 8)
('In 2005, Apple faced two lawsuits claiming patent infringement by the iPod line and its associated technologies: Advanced Audio Devices claimed the iPod line breached its patent on a "music jukebox", while a Hong Kong-based IP portfolio company called Pat-rights filed a suit claiming that Apple\'s FairPlay technology breached a patent issued to inventor Ho Keung Tse. The latter case also includes the online music stores of Sony, RealNetworks, Napster, and Musicmatch as defendants.', ' In 2005, Apple faced two patent infringement lawsuits. Advanced Audio Devices sued Apple over the iPod line alleging breach of its "music jukebox" patent. Pat-rights, a Hong Kong-based IP company, sued Apple for breaching a patent on FairPlay technology. The Pat-rights lawsuit also named Sony, RealNetworks, Napster, and Musicmatch as defendants.', 8)
('Apple\'s application to the United States Patent and Trademark Office for a patent on "rotational user inputs", as used on the iPod interface, received a third "non-final rejection" (NFR) in August 2005. Also in August 2005, Creative Technology, one of Apple\'s main rivals in the MP3 player market, announced that it held a patent on part of the music selection interface used by the iPod line, which Creative Technology dubbed the "Zen Patent", granted on August 9, 2005. On May 15, 2006, Creative filed another suit against Apple with the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. Creative also asked the United States International Trade Commission to investigate whether Apple was breaching U.S. trade laws by importing iPods into the United States.', " In August 2005, Apple received a third rejection for its patent application on the iPod's rotational user inputs. Creative Technology, a rival in the MP3 player market, announced holding a patent for part of the iPod's music selection interface, granted on August 9, 2005. In May 2006, Creative filed a lawsuit against Apple in the Northern District of California and requested an investigation by the International Trade Commission for potential trade law breaches related to iPod imports.", 8)
("On August 24, 2006, Apple and Creative announced a broad settlement to end their legal disputes. Apple will pay Creative US$100 million for a paid-up license, to use Creative's awarded patent in all Apple products. As part of the agreement, Apple will recoup part of its payment, if Creative is successful in licensing the patent. Creative then announced its intention to produce iPod accessories by joining the Made for iPod program.", " On August 24, 2006, Apple paid Creative $100 million for a license to use Creative's patent in all Apple products. Apple will get some money back if Creative successfully licenses the patent. Creative plans to create iPod accessories through the Made for iPod program.", 8)
('Since October 2004, the iPod line has dominated digital music player sales in the United States, with over 90% of the market for hard drive-based players and over 70% of the market for all types of players. During the year from January 2004 to January 2005, the high rate of sales caused its U.S. market share to increase from 31% to 65% and in July 2005, this market share was measured at 74%. In January 2007 the iPod market share reached 72.7% according to Bloomberg Online.', ' The iPod held over 90% market share for hard drive-based digital music players and over 70% market share for all types of players in the US from October 2004. Sales caused its market share to rise from 31% to 65% in a year, reaching 74% in July 2005, and 72.7% in January 2007.', 8)
('On January 8, 2004, Hewlett-Packard (HP) announced that they would sell HP-branded iPods under a license agreement from Apple. Several new retail channels were used—including Wal-Mart—and these iPods eventually made up 5% of all iPod sales. In July 2005, HP stopped selling iPods due to unfavorable terms and conditions imposed by Apple.', ' On January 8, 2004, Hewlett-Packard (HP) began selling HP-branded iPods through various retail channels, including Wal-Mart. These iPods accounted for 5% of all iPod sales. However, HP discontinued the sale of iPods in July 2005 due to unfavorable terms and conditions set by Apple.', 8)
('On April 9, 2007, it was announced that Apple had sold its one-hundred millionth iPod, making it the biggest selling digital music player of all time. In April 2007, Apple reported second quarter revenue of US$5.2 billion, of which 32% was made from iPod sales. Apple and several industry analysts suggest that iPod users are likely to purchase other Apple products such as Mac computers.', ' On April 9, 2007, Apple reached a milestone of selling 100 million iPods, generating 32% of their $5.2 billion second quarter revenue. Industry analysts predict iPod users may purchase additional Apple products like Mac computers.', 8)
("On October 22, 2007, Apple reported quarterly revenue of US$6.22 billion, of which 30.69% came from Apple notebook sales, 19.22% from desktop sales and 26% from iPod sales. Apple's 2007 year revenue increased to US$24.01 billion with US$3.5 billion in profits. Apple ended the fiscal year 2007 with US$15.4 billion in cash and no debt.", " On October 22, 2007, Apple reported $6.22 billion in quarterly revenue with 30.69% from notebook sales, 19.22% from desktop sales, and 26% from iPod sales. Apple's 2007 annual revenue reached $24.01 billion, resulting in $3.5 billion in profits. The company ended the fiscal year with $15.4 billion in cash and no debt.", 9)
("On January 22, 2008, Apple reported the best quarter revenue and earnings in Apple's history so far. Apple posted record revenue of US$9.6 billion and record net quarterly profit of US$1.58 billion. 42% of Apple's revenue for the First fiscal quarter of 2008 came from iPod sales, followed by 21% from notebook sales and 16% from desktop sales.", ' On January 22, 2008, Apple reported a record-breaking quarter with revenue of $9.6 billion and profit of $1.58 billion. iPod sales accounted for 42% of the revenue, while notebook sales contributed 21%, and desktop sales made up 16%.', 9)
('On October 21, 2008, Apple reported that only 14.21% of total revenue for fiscal quarter 4 of year 2008 came from iPods. At the September 9, 2009 keynote presentation at the Apple Event, Phil Schiller announced total cumulative sales of iPods exceeded 220 million. The continual decline of iPod sales since 2009 has not been a surprising trend for the Apple corporation, as Apple CFO Peter Oppenheimer explained in June 2009: "We expect our traditional MP3 players to decline over time as we cannibalize ourselves with the iPod Touch and the iPhone." Since 2009, the company\'s iPod sales have continually decreased every financial quarter and in 2013 a new model was not introduced onto the market.', ' On October 21, 2008, Apple reported that iPods accounted for 14.21% of total revenue in Q4 2008. By September 2009, iPod sales had surpassed 220 million. Since then, iPod sales have declined every quarter, with no new model introduced in 2013. Apple CFO Peter Oppenheimer anticipated this trend due to the cannibalization by iPod Touch and iPhone.', 8)
('iPods have won several awards ranging from engineering excellence,[not in citation given] to most innovative audio product, to fourth best computer product of 2006. iPods often receive favorable reviews; scoring on looks, clean design, and ease of use. PC World says that iPod line has "altered the landscape for portable audio players". Several industries are modifying their products to work better with both the iPod line and the AAC audio format. Examples include CD copy-protection schemes, and mobile phones, such as phones from Sony Ericsson and Nokia, which play AAC files rather than WMA.', ' iPods received multiple awards for engineering excellence, innovation, and computer product of the year in 2006. They are praised for their design, ease of use, and ability to alter the portable audio market. Industries are adjusting their products to work with iPods and the AAC audio format, including CD copy-protection schemes and mobile phones from Sony Ericsson and Nokia.', 8)
('Besides earning a reputation as a respected entertainment device, the iPod has also been accepted as a business device. Government departments, major institutions and international organisations have turned to the iPod line as a delivery mechanism for business communication and training, such as the Royal and Western Infirmaries in Glasgow, Scotland, where iPods are used to train new staff.', ' The iPod is recognized as a respected entertainment device and has also been adopted as a business tool by government departments, major institutions, and international organizations for communication and training purposes. An example is the Royal and Western Infirmaries in Glasgow, Scotland, which uses iPods for staff training.', 8)
('iPods have also gained popularity for use in education. Apple offers more information on educational uses for iPods on their website, including a collection of lesson plans. There has also been academic research done in this area in nursing education and more general K-16 education. Duke University provided iPods to all incoming freshmen in the fall of 2004, and the iPod program continues today with modifications. Entertainment Weekly put it on its end-of-the-decade, "best-of" list, saying, "Yes, children, there really was a time when we roamed the earth without thousands of our favorite jams tucked comfortably into our hip pockets. Weird."', ' iPods have become popular in education with lesson plans available on Apple\'s website. Academic research has been conducted in nursing and K-16 education. Duke University gave iPods to incoming freshmen since 2004, and the program continues. iPods were featured on Entertainment Weekly\'s "best-of-the-decade" list for their convenience in carrying music.', 7)
("The iPod has also been credited with accelerating shifts within the music industry. The iPod's popularization of digital music storage allows users to abandon listening to entire albums and instead be able to choose specific singles which hastened the end of the Album Era in popular music.", ' The iPod contributed to changes in the music industry by enabling users to store and select specific digital music singles instead of entire albums, marking the end of the Album Era.', 9)
('The advertised battery life on most models is different from the real-world achievable life. For example, the fifth generation 30 GB iPod is advertised as having up to 14 hours of music playback. An MP3.com report stated that this was virtually unachievable under real-life usage conditions, with a writer for MP3.com getting on average less than 8 hours from an iPod. In 2003, class action lawsuits were brought against Apple complaining that the battery charges lasted for shorter lengths of time than stated and that the battery degraded over time. The lawsuits were settled by offering individuals either US$50 store credit or a free battery replacement.', " The advertised battery life of iPods does not match real-world usage, with the fifth generation 30 GB iPod's 14-hour music playback claim being unrealistic in practice. MP3.com reported an average of less than 8 hours. In 2003, Apple faced class action lawsuits over battery life claims and battery degradation, resulting in settlements offering store credit or free battery replacements.", 8)
('iPod batteries are not designed to be removed or replaced by the user, although some users have been able to open the case themselves, usually following instructions from third-party vendors of iPod replacement batteries. Compounding the problem, Apple initially would not replace worn-out batteries. The official policy was that the customer should buy a refurbished replacement iPod, at a cost almost equivalent to a brand new one. All lithium-ion batteries lose capacity during their lifetime even when not in use (guidelines are available for prolonging life-span) and this situation led to a market for third-party battery replacement kits.', " iPod batteries cannot be user-replaced, some users have resorted to third-party replacement batteries due to Apple's initial unwillingness to replace worn-out batteries. Lithium-ion batteries naturally lose capacity over time, leading to a market for third-party battery kits.", 7)
('Apple announced a battery replacement program on November 14, 2003, a week before a high publicity stunt and website by the Neistat Brothers. The initial cost was US$99, and it was lowered to US$59 in 2005. One week later, Apple offered an extended iPod warranty for US$59. For the iPod Nano, soldering tools are needed because the battery is soldered onto the main board. Fifth generation iPods have their battery attached to the backplate with adhesive.', ' Apple initiated a battery replacement program on November 14, 2003, priced at US$99, which later dropped to US$59 in 2005. Simultaneously, Apple offered an extended iPod warranty for US$59. For the iPod Nano, battery replacement requires soldering tools due to it being soldered onto the main board. Fifth generation iPods have their batteries attached to the backplate with adhesive.', 7)
('The first generation iPod Nano may overheat and pose a health and safety risk. Affected iPod Nanos were sold between September 2005 and December 2006. This is due to a flawed battery used by Apple from a single battery manufacturer. Apple recommended that owners of affected iPod Nanos stop using them. Under an Apple product replacement program, affected Nanos were replaced with current generation Nanos free of charge.', ' iPod Nanos sold between September 2005 and December 2006 may overheat due to faulty batteries from one manufacturer. Apple advised owners to stop using them and offered replacements with current generation Nanos for free.', 8)
('iPods have been criticized for alleged short life-span and fragile hard drives. A 2005 survey conducted on the MacInTouch website found that the iPod line had an average failure rate of 13.7% (although they note that comments from respondents indicate that "the true iPod failure rate may be lower than it appears"). It concluded that some models were more durable than others. In particular, failure rates for iPods employing hard drives was usually above 20% while those with flash memory had a failure rate below 10%. In late 2005, many users complained that the surface of the first generation iPod Nano can become scratched easily, rendering the screen unusable. A class action lawsuit was also filed. Apple initially considered the issue a minor defect, but later began shipping these iPods with protective sleeves.[citation needed]', ' In a 2005 survey, iPods had an average failure rate of 13.7%, with hard drive models having a failure rate above 20% and flash memory models below 10%. Some iPod Nanos from the first generation were found to scratch easily, causing screen damage and rendering them unusable. A class action lawsuit was filed, and Apple initially dismissed it as a minor defect but later provided protective sleeves.', 8)
("On June 11, 2006, the British tabloid The Mail on Sunday reported that iPods are mainly manufactured by workers who earn no more than US$50 per month and work 15-hour shifts. Apple investigated the case with independent auditors and found that, while some of the plant's labour practices met Apple's Code of Conduct, others did not: employees worked over 60 hours a week for 35% of the time, and worked more than six consecutive days for 25% of the time.", ' The Mail on Sunday reported in 2006 that some iPod factories employed workers earning less than US$50 per month and worked long hours, including 15-hour shifts. Apple investigated and found that while some labor practices met their Code of Conduct, others did not. Employees worked over 60 hours a week for nearly one-third of the time and more than six consecutive days for one-quarter of the time.', 8)
("Foxconn, Apple's manufacturer, initially denied the abuses, but when an auditing team from Apple found that workers had been working longer hours than were allowed under Chinese law, they promised to prevent workers working more hours than the code allowed. Apple hired a workplace standards auditing company, Verité, and joined the Electronic Industry Code of Conduct Implementation Group to oversee the measures. On December 31, 2006, workers at the Foxconn factory in Longhua, Shenzhen formed a union affiliated with the All-China Federation of Trade Unions, the Chinese government-approved union umbrella organization.", " Foxconn, Apple's manufacturer, denied labor abuses but later promised to prevent workers from exceeding legal hours after an Apple auditing team discovered violations. Apple hired Verité for workplace standards audits and joined the Electronic Industry Code of Conduct Implementation Group. On December 31, 2006, a union affiliated with the All-China Federation of Trade Unions was formed at the Foxconn factory in Longhua, Shenzhen.", 8)
('In 2010, a number of workers committed suicide at a Foxconn operations in China. Apple, HP, and others stated that they were investigating the situation. Foxconn guards have been videotaped beating employees. Another employee killed himself in 2009 when an Apple prototype went missing, and claimed in messages to friends, that he had been beaten and interrogated.', " In 2010, several workers at Foxconn's operations in China took their own lives. Apple, HP, and others initiated investigations. Foxconn guards were caught on video assaulting employees. A suicide occurred in 2009 when an Apple prototype was stolen, with the employee leaving messages indicating he had been beaten and interrogated.", 8)
('As of 2006, the iPod was produced by about 14,000 workers in the U.S. and 27,000 overseas. Further, the salaries attributed to this product were overwhelmingly distributed to highly skilled U.S. professionals, as opposed to lower skilled U.S. retail employees or overseas manufacturing labor. One interpretation of this result is that U.S. innovation can create more jobs overseas than domestically.', ' In 2006, the iPod was manufactured by approximately 14,000 workers in the US and 27,000 overseas. Most of the salaries associated with the product went to highly skilled US professionals rather than lower skilled US retail employees or overseas labor. The implication is that US innovation can lead to more jobs being created overseas than in the US.', 8)
('All iPods except for the iPod Touch can function in "disk mode" as mass storage devices to store data files but this may not be the default behavior, and in the case of the iPod Touch, requires special software.[citation needed] If an iPod is formatted on a Mac OS computer, it uses the HFS+ file system format, which allows it to serve as a boot disk for a Mac computer. If it is formatted on Windows, the FAT32 format is used. With the release of the Windows-compatible iPod, the default file system used on the iPod line switched from HFS+ to FAT32, although it can be reformatted to either file system (excluding the iPod Shuffle which is strictly FAT32). Generally, if a new iPod (excluding the iPod Shuffle) is initially plugged into a computer running Windows, it will be formatted with FAT32, and if initially plugged into a Mac running Mac OS it will be formatted with HFS+.', " The iPod Touch does not support disk mode without special software, while other iPod models can function as mass storage devices using HFS+ or FAT32 file systems, depending on the computer used for formatting. New iPods (except for the iPod Shuffle) are initially formatted with the file system corresponding to the first computer they're connected to: FAT32 for Windows and HFS+ for Mac OS.", 8)
('The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess (Japanese: ゼルダの伝説 トワイライトプリンセス, Hepburn: Zeruda no Densetsu: Towairaito Purinsesu?) is an action-adventure game developed and published by Nintendo for the GameCube and Wii home video game consoles. It is the thirteenth installment in the The Legend of Zelda series. Originally planned for release on the GameCube in November 2005, Twilight Princess was delayed by Nintendo to allow its developers to refine the game, add more content, and port it to the Wii. The Wii version was released alongside the console in North America in November 2006, and in Japan, Europe, and Australia the following month. The GameCube version was released worldwide in December 2006.[b]', ' The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess is the thirteenth installment in the series, developed and published by Nintendo for GameCube and Wii. Originally planned for GameCube release in November 2005, it was delayed and ported to Wii, with both versions released in late 2006. The GameCube version came out in December worldwide.', 8)
("The story focuses on series protagonist Link, who tries to prevent Hyrule from being engulfed by a corrupted parallel dimension known as the Twilight Realm. To do so, he takes the form of both a Hylian and a wolf, and is assisted by a mysterious creature named Midna. The game takes place hundreds of years after Ocarina of Time and Majora's Mask, in an alternate timeline from The Wind Waker.", " The story revolves around Link, who attempts to save Hyrule from the Twilight Realm, a corrupt parallel dimension. He transforms into a Hylian and a wolf, and is aided by Midna. The game occurs in an alternate timeline, hundreds of years after Ocarina of Time and Majora's Mask, and is distinct from The Wind Waker's timeline.", 8)
('At the time of its release, Twilight Princess was considered the greatest entry in the Zelda series by many critics, including writers for 1UP.com, Computer and Video Games, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, GamesRadar, IGN, and The Washington Post. It received several Game of the Year awards, and was the most critically acclaimed game of 2006. In 2011, the Wii version was rereleased under the Nintendo Selects label. A high-definition port for the Wii U, The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess HD, will be released in March 2016.', ' In 2006, Twilight Princess was released and received critical acclaim from various publications such as 1UP.com, Computer and Video Games, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, GamesRadar, IGN, and The Washington Post. The game was named Game of the Year by several outlets and was the most critically acclaimed game of the year. In 2011, the Wii version was rereleased under the Nintendo Selects label. A high-definition port for the Wii U, The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess HD, will be released in March 2016.', 8)
("The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess is an action-adventure game focused on combat, exploration, and item collection. It uses the basic control scheme introduced in Ocarina of Time, including context-sensitive action buttons and L-targeting (Z-targeting on the Wii), a system that allows the player to keep Link's view focused on an enemy or important object while moving and attacking. Link can walk, run, and attack, and will automatically jump when running off of or reaching for a ledge.[c] Link uses a sword and shield in combat, complemented with secondary weapons and items, including a bow and arrows, a boomerang, bombs, and the Clawshot (similar to the Hookshot introduced earlier in the The Legend of Zelda series).[d] While L-targeting, projectile-based weapons can be fired at a target without the need for manual aiming.[c]", ' "The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess" is an action-adventure game with combat, exploration, and item collection. It uses context-sensitive action buttons and L-targeting for focused view. Link walks, runs, jumps, and fights with a sword and shield, plus secondary weapons like bow, boomerang, bombs, and Clawshot. L-targeting allows automatic aiming for projectiles.', 8)
('The context-sensitive button mechanic allows one button to serve a variety of functions, such as talking, opening doors, and pushing, pulling, and throwing objects.[e] The on-screen display shows what action, if any, the button will trigger, determined by the situation. For example, if Link is holding a rock, the context-sensitive button will cause Link to throw the rock if he is moving or targeting an object or enemy, or place the rock on the ground if he is standing still.[f]', " The context-sensitive button serves multiple functions based on the situation, such as talking, opening doors, and throwing or placing objects. The on-screen display indicates the action to be taken, which varies depending on Link's actions and surroundings. For instance, if Link holds a rock, the button will make him throw it if he's moving or targeting, or place it on the ground if he's standing still.", 8)
('The GameCube and Wii versions feature several minor differences in their controls. The Wii version of the game makes use of the motion sensors and built-in speaker of the Wii Remote. The speaker emits the sounds of a bowstring when shooting an arrow, Midna\'s laugh when she gives advice to Link, and the series\' trademark "chime" when discovering secrets. The player controls Link\'s sword by swinging the Wii Remote. Other attacks are triggered using similar gestures with the Nunchuk. Unique to the GameCube version is the ability for the player to control the camera freely, without entering a special "lookaround" mode required by the Wii; however, in the GameCube version, only two of Link\'s secondary weapons can be equipped at a time, as opposed to four in the Wii version.[g]', " The Wii version of the game uses the Wii Remote's motion sensors and speaker for controls and sounds, while the GameCube version allows free camera control but only allows two secondary weapons to be equipped at a time.", 7)
('The game features nine dungeons—large, contained areas where Link battles enemies, collects items, and solves puzzles. Link navigates these dungeons and fights a boss at the end in order to obtain an item or otherwise advance the plot. The dungeons are connected by a large overworld, across which Link can travel on foot; on his horse, Epona; or by teleporting.', ' The game includes nine large contained areas called dungeons where Link battles enemies, collects items, and solves puzzles. He navigates these dungeons to fight a boss and obtain an item or plot advancement. The dungeons are connected by a large overworld that Link can traverse on foot, horse, or by teleportation.', 8)
('When Link enters the Twilight Realm, the void that corrupts parts of Hyrule, he transforms into a wolf.[h] He is eventually able to transform between his Hylian and wolf forms at will. As a wolf, Link loses the ability to use his sword, shield, or any secondary items; he instead attacks by biting, and defends primarily by dodging attacks. However, "Wolf Link" gains several key advantages in return—he moves faster than he does as a human (though riding Epona is still faster) and digs holes to create new passages and uncover buried items, and has improved senses, including the ability to follow scent trails.[i] He also carries Midna, a small imp-like creature who gives him hints, uses an energy field to attack enemies, helps him jump long distances, and eventually allows Link to "warp" to any of several preset locations throughout the overworld.[j] Using Link\'s wolf senses, the player can see and listen to the wandering spirits of those affected by the Twilight, as well as hunt for enemy ghosts named Poes.[k]', " Link transforms into a wolf in the Twilight Realm, losing ability to use sword, shield, and secondary items, but gaining faster movement, digging, improved senses, and abilities like following scent trails, attacking with bites, and using Midna's powers for hints, energy attacks, long jumps, and warping to preset locations. As a wolf, Link can also see and hunt wandering spirits and Poes.", 8)
('The artificial intelligence (AI) of enemies in Twilight Princess is more advanced than that of enemies in The Wind Waker. Enemies react to defeated companions and to arrows or slingshot pellets that pass by, and can detect Link from a greater distance than was possible in previous games.', ' In Twilight Princess, enemies have more advanced AI than in The Wind Waker. They react to defeated companions and detect arrows or slingshot pellets. Enemies can detect Link from a greater distance.', 8)
('There is very little voice acting in the game, as is the case in most Zelda titles to date. Link remains silent in conversation, but grunts when attacking or injured and gasps when surprised. His emotions and responses are largely indicated visually by nods and facial expressions. Other characters have similar language-independent verbalizations, including laughter, surprised or fearful exclamations, and screams. The character of Midna has the most voice acting—her on-screen dialog is often accompanied by a babble of pseudo-speech, which was produced by scrambling the phonemes of English phrases[better source needed] sampled by Japanese voice actress Akiko Kōmoto.', ' The game features limited voice acting, with Link being silent in conversations but making grunts, gasps, and exclamations. Characters express emotions through nods, facial expressions, and language-independent sounds like laughter and screams. Midna has the most voice acting, with her dialog accompanied by pseudo-speech produced by scrambling English phrases.', 8)
('Twilight Princess takes place several centuries after Ocarina of Time and Majora\'s Mask, and begins with a youth named Link who is working as a ranch hand in Ordon Village. One day, the village is attacked by Bulblins, who carry off the village\'s children with Link in pursuit before he encounters a wall of Twilight. A Shadow Beast pulls him beyond the wall into the Realm of Twilight, where he is transformed into a wolf and imprisoned. Link is soon freed by an imp-like Twilight being named Midna, who dislikes Link but agrees to help him if he obeys her unconditionally. She guides him to Princess Zelda. Zelda explains that Zant, the King of the Twilight, has stolen the light from three of the four Light Spirits and conquered Hyrule. In order to save Hyrule, Link must first restore the Light Spirits by entering the Twilight-covered areas and, as a wolf, recover the Spirits\' lost light. He must do this by collecting the multiple "Tears of Light"; once all the Tears of Light are collected for one area, he restores that area\'s Light Spirit. As he restores them, the Light Spirits return Link to his Hylian form.', ' In "Twilight Princess," a ranch hand named Link from Ordon Village is transformed into a wolf and enters the Twilight Realm to restore the stolen light from three Light Spirits and save Hyrule. He is guided by Midna, an imp-like Twilight being, and must collect "Tears of Light" to restore each area\'s Light Spirit, returning to his Hylian form upon completion. Zant, the King of the Twilight, is the antagonist who has conquered Hyrule by stealing the light.', 8)
("During this time, Link also helps Midna find the Fused Shadows, fragments of a relic containing powerful dark magic. In return, she helps Link find Ordon Village's children while helping the monkeys of Faron, the Gorons of Eldin, and the Zoras of Lanayru. Once Link has restored the Light Spirits and Midna has all the Fused Shadows, they are ambushed by Zant. After he relieves Midna of the Fused Shadow fragments, she ridicules him for abusing his tribe's magic, but Zant reveals that his power comes from another source as he uses it to turn Link back into a wolf, and then leaves Midna in Hyrule to die from the world's light. Bringing a dying Midna to Zelda, Link learns he needs the Master Sword to return to human form. Zelda sacrifices herself to heal Midna with her power before vanishing mysteriously. Midna is moved by Zelda's sacrifice, and begins to care more about Link and the fate of the light world.", " Link assists Midna in finding Fused Shadows in exchange for help locating missing children and aiding monkey, Goron, and Zora tribes. They are attacked by Zant, who takes the Fused Shadows and mocks Midna. Zant's power comes from a different source, turning Link back into a wolf and leaving Midna in Hyrule. Link brings dying Midna to Zelda, who sacrifices herself to heal Midna using her power before disappearing. Midna is touched by Zelda's sacrifice and becomes more invested in Link and the light world.", 8)
("After gaining the Master Sword, Link is cleansed of the magic that kept him in wolf form, obtaining the Shadow Crystal. Now able to use it to switch between both forms at will, Link is led by Midna to the Mirror of Twilight located deep within the Gerudo Desert, the only known gateway between the Twilight Realm and Hyrule. However, they discover that the mirror is broken. The Sages there explain that Zant tried to destroy it, but he was only able to shatter it into fragments; only the true ruler of the Twili can completely destroy the Mirror of Twilight. They also reveal that they used it a century ago to banish Ganondorf, the Gerudo leader who attempted to steal the Triforce, to the Twilight Realm when executing him failed. Assisted by an underground resistance group they meet in Castle Town, Link and Midna set out to retrieve the missing shards of the Mirror, defeating those they infected. Once the portal has been restored, Midna is revealed to be the true ruler of the Twilight Realm, usurped by Zant when he cursed her into her current form. Confronting Zant, Link and Midna learn that Zant's coup was made possible when he forged a pact with Ganondorf, who asked for Zant's assistance in conquering Hyrule. After Link defeats Zant, Midna recovers the Fused Shadows, but destroys Zant after learning that only Ganondorf's death can release her from her curse. Returning to Hyrule, Link and Midna find Ganondorf in Hyrule Castle, with a lifeless Zelda suspended above his head. Ganondorf fights Link by possessing Zelda's body and eventually by transforming into a beast, but Link defeats him and Midna is able to resurrect Zelda.", ' Link obtains Shadow Crystal, learns Mirror of Twilight is broken. Sages reveal only true ruler of Twili can destroy it, and they used it to banish Ganondorf a century ago. Link and Midna retrieve mirror shards with help from resistance group. Midna is true ruler of Twilight Realm, usurped by Zant. Zant forged pact with Ganondorf to conquer Hyrule. Link defeats Zant, Midna recovers Fused Shadows and destroys him. They find Ganondorf in Hyrule Castle with Zelda suspended above him. Ganondorf fights as possessed Zelda and beast form, but Link defeats him. Midna resurrects Zelda.', 8)
("Ganondorf then revives, and Midna teleports Link and Zelda outside the castle so she can hold him off with the Fused Shadows. However, as Hyrule Castle collapses, it is revealed that Ganondorf was victorious as he crushes Midna's helmet. Ganondorf engages Link on horseback, and, assisted by Zelda and the Light Spirits, Link eventually knocks Ganondorf off his horse and they duel on foot before Link strikes down Ganondorf and plunges the Master Sword into his chest. With Ganondorf dead, the Light Spirits not only bring Midna back to life, but restore her to her true form. After bidding farewell to Link and Zelda, Midna returns home before destroying the Mirror of Twilight with a tear to maintain balance between Hyrule and the Twilight Realm. Near the end, as Hyrule Castle is rebuilt, Link is shown leaving Ordon Village heading to parts unknown.", ' Ganondorf revives, Midna saves Zelda and Link, Ganondorf defeats Midna, Link and Ganondorf duel and kill Ganondorf, Light Spirits revive and restore Midna, Midna returns home and destroys Mirror of Twilight, Hyrule Castle is rebuilt, Link leaves Ordon Village.', 7)
("In 2003, Nintendo announced that a new The Legend of Zelda game was in the works for the GameCube by the same team that had created the cel-shaded The Wind Waker. At the following year's Game Developers Conference, director Eiji Aonuma unintentionally revealed that the game's sequel was in development under the working title The Wind Waker 2; it was set to use a similar graphical style to that of its predecessor. Nintendo of America told Aonuma that North American sales of The Wind Waker were sluggish because its cartoon appearance created the impression that the game was designed for a young audience. Concerned that the sequel would have the same problem, Aonuma expressed to producer Shigeru Miyamoto that he wanted to create a realistic Zelda game that would appeal to the North American market. Miyamoto, hesitant about solely changing the game's presentation, suggested the team's focus should instead be on coming up with gameplay innovations. He advised that Aonuma should start by doing what could not be done in Ocarina of Time, particularly horseback combat.[l]", " In 2003, Nintendo revealed a new The Legend of Zelda game for GameCube was in development by the Wind Waker team. At GDC, director Eiji Aonuma accidentally disclosed the sequel's working title as The Wind Waker 2. Concerned about the game's cartoon appearance deterring North American sales, Aonuma proposed creating a realistic Zelda game. Producer Shigeru Miyamoto suggested focusing on gameplay innovations instead, encouraging Aonuma to explore new possibilities beyond Ocarina of Time, specifically horseback combat.", 8)
("In four months, Aonuma's team managed to present realistic horseback riding,[l] which Nintendo later revealed to the public with a trailer at Electronic Entertainment Expo 2004. The game was scheduled to be released the next year, and was no longer a follow-up to The Wind Waker; a true sequel to it was released for the Nintendo DS in 2007, in the form of Phantom Hourglass. Miyamoto explained in interviews that the graphical style was chosen to satisfy demand, and that it better fit the theme of an older incarnation of Link. The game runs on a modified The Wind Waker engine.", ' Aonumas team developed realistic horseback riding for a new The Legend of Zelda game, revealed at E3 2004. Scheduled for release the next year, it was no longer a follow-up to The Wind Waker, but a true sequel, Phantom Hourglass, came out for Nintendo DS in 2007. Miyamoto explained the graphical style was chosen for demand and suited an older Link. The game used a modified The Wind Waker engine.', 7)
('Prior Zelda games have employed a theme of two separate, yet connected, worlds. In A Link to the Past, Link travels between a "Light World" and a "Dark World"; in Ocarina of Time, as well as in Oracle of Ages, Link travels between two different time periods. The Zelda team sought to reuse this motif in the series\' latest installment. It was suggested that Link transform into a wolf, much like he metamorphoses into a rabbit in the Dark World of A Link to the Past.[m] The story of the game was created by Aonuma, and later underwent several changes by scenario writers Mitsuhiro Takano and Aya Kyogoku. Takano created the script for the story scenes, while Kyogoku and Takayuki Ikkaku handled the actual in-game script. Aonuma left his team working on the new idea while he directed The Minish Cap for the Game Boy Advance. When he returned, he found the Twilight Princess team struggling. Emphasis on the parallel worlds and the wolf transformation had made Link\'s character unbelievable. Aonuma also felt the gameplay lacked the caliber of innovation found in Phantom Hourglass, which was being developed with touch controls for the Nintendo DS. At the same time, the Wii was under development with the code name "Revolution". Miyamoto thought that the Revolution\'s pointing device, the Wii Remote, was well suited for aiming arrows in Zelda, and suggested that Aonuma consider using it.[n]', " The Zelda team aimed to incorporate the theme of two connected worlds and Link's transformation in the latest installment. Aonuma, Takano, and Kyogoku worked on the game's story and script. Aonuma left to work on The Minish Cap, returning to find the team struggling with Link's unbelievable character and lackluster gameplay. The Wii's development and its Wii Remote's suitability for aiming arrows in Zelda inspired Aonuma to reconsider the game's direction.", 7)
('Aonuma had anticipated creating a Zelda game for what would later be called the Wii, but had assumed that he would need to complete Twilight Princess first. His team began work developing a pointing-based interface for the bow and arrow, and Aonuma found that aiming directly at the screen gave the game a new feel, just like the DS control scheme for Phantom Hourglass. Aonuma felt confident this was the only way to proceed, but worried about consumers who had been anticipating a GameCube release. Developing two versions would mean delaying the previously announced 2005 release, still disappointing the consumer. Satoru Iwata felt that having both versions would satisfy users in the end, even though they would have to wait for the finished product. Aonuma then started working on both versions in parallel.[o]', ' Aonuma planned to create a Zelda game for the Wii but decided to finish Twilight Princess first. His team developed a pointing-interface for the bow and arrow, finding it similar to the DS control scheme. Aiming directly at the screen gave the game a new feel, but creating both Wii and GameCube versions meant delaying the release and disappointing consumers. Iwata believed having both versions would satisfy users in the end, so work began on both in parallel.', 7)
('Transferring GameCube development to the Wii was relatively simple, since the Wii was being created to be compatible with the GameCube.[o] At E3 2005, Nintendo released a small number of Nintendo DS game cards containing a preview trailer for Twilight Princess. They also announced that Zelda would appear on the Wii (then codenamed "Revolution"), but it was not clear to the media if this meant Twilight Princess or a different game.', ' At E3 2005, Nintendo previewed Twilight Princess on Nintendo DS game cards and announced Zelda for the Wii (then codenamed "Revolution"), with uncertainty about whether it was for Twilight Princess or a new game. GameCube development was easy on Wii due to Wii\'s compatibility.', 7)
("The team worked on a Wii control scheme, adapting camera control and the fighting mechanics to the new interface. A prototype was created that used a swinging gesture to control the sword from a first-person viewpoint, but was unable to show the variety of Link's movements. When the third-person view was restored, Aonuma thought it felt strange to swing the Wii Remote with the right hand to control the sword in Link's left hand, so the entire Wii version map was mirrored.[p] Details about Wii controls began to surface in December 2005 when British publication NGC Magazine claimed that when a GameCube copy of Twilight Princess was played on the Revolution, it would give the player the option of using the Revolution controller. Miyamoto confirmed the Revolution controller-functionality in an interview with Nintendo of Europe and Time reported this soon after. However, support for the Wii controller did not make it into the GameCube release. At E3 2006, Nintendo announced that both versions would be available at the Wii launch, and had a playable version of Twilight Princess for the Wii.[p] Later, the GameCube release was pushed back to a month after the launch of the Wii.", " In December 2005, information about Wii controls for Twilight Princess emerged, with the option to use the Revolution controller. However, this feature wasn't included in the GameCube version. At E3 2006, Nintendo announced both versions would be available at the Wii launch, and showed a playable Wii version. The GameCube release was later delayed to a month after the Wii launch. The team worked on Wii controls, adapting camera and fighting mechanics, creating a prototype with a swinging gesture for sword control from a first-person viewpoint, but found it limiting. They mirrored the entire Wii version due to feeling it was strange to swing the Wii Remote with the right hand for Link's left-handed sword control.", 7)
('Nintendo staff members reported that demo users complained about the difficulty of the control scheme. Aonuma realized that his team had implemented Wii controls under the mindset of "forcing" users to adapt, instead of making the system intuitive and easy to use. He began rethinking the controls with Miyamoto to focus on comfort and ease.[q] The camera movement was reworked and item controls were changed to avoid accidental button presses.[r] In addition, the new item system required use of the button that had previously been used for the sword. To solve this, sword controls were transferred back to gestures—something E3 attendees had commented they would like to see. This reintroduced the problem of using a right-handed swing to control a left-handed sword attack. The team did not have enough time before release to rework Link\'s character model, so they instead flipped the entire game—everything was made a mirror image.[s] Link was now right-handed, and references to "east" and "west" were switched around. The GameCube version, however, was left with the original orientation. The Twilight Princess player\'s guide focuses on the Wii version, but has a section in the back with mirror-image maps for GameCube users.[t]', " Nintendo staff received complaints about the control scheme in a demo of The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess for Wii. Aonuma and Miyamoto rethought the controls to focus on comfort and ease. Camera movement and item controls were changed, and sword controls were transferred back to gestures. Due to the new item system, Link was made right-handed, and the game was flipped to accommodate this. The GameCube version remained unchanged. The player's guide focuses on the Wii version, but includes mirror-image maps for GameCube users.", 8)
("The game's score was composed by Toru Minegishi and Asuka Ohta, with series regular Koji Kondo serving as the sound supervisor. Minegishi took charge of composition and sound design in Twilight Princess, providing all field and dungeon music under the supervision of Kondo. For the trailers, three pieces were written by different composers, two of which were created by Mahito Yokota and Kondo. Michiru Ōshima created orchestral arrangements for the three compositions, later to be performed by an ensemble conducted by Yasuzo Takemoto. Kondo's piece was later chosen as music for the E3 2005 trailer and for the demo movie after the game's title screen.", " Toru Minegishi and Asuka Ohta composed the games score for Twilight Princess, with Koji Kondo serving as sound supervisor. Minegishi handled composition and sound design, creating all field and dungeon music. Mahito Yokota and Kondo wrote pieces for trailers, and Michiru Ōshima arranged orchestral performances conducted by Yasuzo Takemoto. Kondo's piece was used in the E3 2005 trailer and demo movie.", 8)
('Media requests at the trade show prompted Kondo to consider using orchestral music for the other tracks in the game as well, a notion reinforced by his preference for live instruments. He originally envisioned a full 50-person orchestra for action sequences and a string quartet for more "lyrical moments", though the final product used sequenced music instead. Kondo later cited the lack of interactivity that comes with orchestral music as one of the main reasons for the decision. Both six- and seven-track versions of the game\'s soundtrack were released on November 19, 2006, as part of a Nintendo Power promotion and bundled with replicas of the Master Sword and the Hylian Shield.', ' Kondo considered using orchestral music for all game tracks due to media requests and his preference for live instruments. He initially planned for a 50-person orchestra for action sequences and a string quartet for lyrical moments. However, the final product used sequenced music due to lack of interactivity. Six- and seven-track versions of the game soundtrack were released on November 19, 2006, as part of a promotion and bundled with Master Sword and Hylian Shield replicas.', 8)
('Following the discovery of a buffer overflow vulnerability in the Wii version of Twilight Princess, an exploit known as the "Twilight Hack" was developed, allowing the execution of custom code from a Secure Digital (SD) card on the console. A properly designed save file would cause the game to load unsigned code, which could include Executable and Linkable Format (ELF) programs and homebrew Wii applications. Versions 3.3 and 3.4 of the Wii Menu prevented copying exploited save files onto the console until circumvention methods were discovered, and version 4.0 of the Wii Menu patched the vulnerability.', ' A buffer overflow vulnerability in Wii Twilight Princess led to the creation of the "Twilight Hack," enabling custom code execution from an SD card. Exploited save files could load unsigned code, including ELF programs and homebrew apps. Versions 3.3 and 3.4 of the Wii Menu blocked copying of exploited save files, while version 4.0 patched the vulnerability.', 8)
('A high-definition remaster of the game, The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess HD, is being developed by Tantalus Media for the Wii U. Officially announced during a Nintendo Direct presentation on November 12, 2015, it features enhanced graphics and Amiibo functionality. The game will be released in North America and Europe on March 4, 2016; in Australia on March 5, 2016; and in Japan on March 10, 2016.', ' A high-definition remaster of The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess, developed by Tantalus Media for Wii U, is announced during a Nintendo Direct presentation on November 12, 2015. It includes enhanced graphics and Amiibo functionality. Releases in North America and Europe on March 4, 2016, in Australia on March 5, 2016, and in Japan on March 10, 2016.', 8)
('Special bundles of the game contain a Wolf Link Amiibo figurine, which unlocks a Wii U-exclusive dungeon called the "Cave of Shadows" and can carry data over to the upcoming 2016 Zelda game. Other Zelda-related Amiibo figurines have distinct functions: Link and Toon Link replenish arrows, Zelda and Sheik restore Link\'s health, and Ganondorf causes Link to take twice as much damage.', ' The Wolf Link Amiibo figurine in special game bundles unlocks the "Cave of Shadows" dungeon and transfers data to the new Zelda game. Link and Toon Link Amiibos replenish arrows, Zelda and Sheik restore Link\'s health, while Ganondorf causes Link to take double damage.', 8)
('A CD containing 20 musical selections from the game was available as a GameStop preorder bonus in the United States; it is included in all bundles in Japan, Europe, and Australia.[citation needed]', ' A CD with 20 musical selections from the game was given as a preorder bonus at GameStop in the US. In Japan, Europe, and Australia, the CD is included in all bundles.', 8)
('Twilight Princess was released to universal critical acclaim and commercial success. It received perfect scores from major publications such as 1UP.com, Computer and Video Games, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, GamesRadar, and GameSpy. On the review aggregators GameRankings and Metacritic, Twilight Princess has average scores of 95% and 95 for the Wii version and scores of 95% and 96 for the GameCube version. GameTrailers in their review called it one of the greatest games ever created.', ' Twilight Princess received universal critical acclaim and commercial success. Perfect scores were given by 1UP.com, Computer and Video Games, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, GamesRadar, and GameSpy. The Wii version has average scores of 95% and 95 on GameRankings and Metacritic, while the GameCube version has scores of 95% and 96. GameTrailers named it one of the greatest games ever created.', 9)
('On release, Twilight Princess was considered to be the greatest Zelda game ever made by many critics including writers for 1UP.com, Computer and Video Games, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, GamesRadar, IGN and The Washington Post. Game Informer called it "so creative that it rivals the best that Hollywood has to offer". GamesRadar praised Twilight Princess as "a game that deserves nothing but the absolute highest recommendation". Cubed3 hailed Twilight Princess as "the single greatest videogame experience". Twilight Princess\'s graphics were praised for the art style and animation, although the game was designed for the GameCube, which is technically lacking compared to the next generation consoles. Both IGN and GameSpy pointed out the existence of blurry textures and low-resolution characters. Despite these complaints, Computer and Video Games felt the game\'s atmosphere was superior to that of any previous Zelda game, and regarded Twilight Princess\'s Hyrule as the best version ever created. PALGN praised the game\'s cinematics, noting that "the cutscenes are the best ever in Zelda games". Regarding the Wii version, GameSpot\'s Jeff Gerstmann said the Wii controls felt "tacked-on", although 1UP.com said the remote-swinging sword attacks were "the most impressive in the entire series". Gaming Nexus considered Twilight Princess\'s soundtrack to be the best of this generation, though IGN criticized its MIDI-formatted songs for lacking "the punch and crispness" of their orchestrated counterparts. Hyper\'s Javier Glickman commended the game for its "very long quests, superb Wii controls and being able to save anytime". However, he criticised it for "no voice acting, no orchestral score and slightly outdated graphics".', ' Twilight Princess was highly praised by critics upon release, with accolades from 1UP.com, Computer and Video Games, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, GamesRadar, IGN, and The Washington Post. Graphics were praised for art style and animation, but criticized for blurry textures and low-resolution characters. Atmosphere and cinematics were highly regarded, with the best cutscenes in Zelda games noted. Wii controls were a point of contention, with some finding them impressive and others tacked-on. The soundtrack was praised by some and criticized by others for its MIDI-formatted songs. Long quests, Wii controls, and the ability to save anytime were commended, but lack of voice acting, orchestral score, and slightly outdated graphics were criticized.', 8)
("Twilight Princess received the awards for Best Artistic Design, Best Original Score, and Best Use of Sound from IGN for its GameCube version. Both IGN and Nintendo Power gave Twilight Princess the awards for Best Graphics and Best Story. Twilight Princess received Game of the Year awards from GameTrailers, 1UP.com, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, Games Radar, GameSpy, Spacey Awards, X-Play and Nintendo Power. It was also given awards for Best Adventure Game from the Game Critics Awards, X-Play, IGN, GameTrailers, 1UP.com, and Nintendo Power. The game was considered the Best Console Game by the Game Critics Awards and GameSpy. The game placed 16th in Official Nintendo Magazine's list of the 100 Greatest Nintendo Games of All Time. IGN ranked the game as the 4th-best Wii game. Nintendo Power ranked the game as the third-best game to be released on a Nintendo system in the 2000s decade.", ' Twilight Princess won multiple awards for Best Artistic Design, Original Score, Sound, Graphics, Story, Game of the Year, Best Adventure Game, and Best Console Game. It was also ranked among the top Nintendo games of all time and best Wii games. Specific awards came from IGN, Nintendo Power, GameTrailers, 1UP.com, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, Games Radar, GameSpy, Spacey Awards, X-Play, and Game Critics Awards.', 8)
('In the PAL region, which covers most of Africa, Asia, Europe, and Oceania, Twilight Princess is the best-selling entry in the Zelda series. During its first week, the game was sold with three of every four Wii purchases. The game had sold 5.82 million copies on the Wii as of March 31, 2011[update], and 1.32 million on the GameCube as of March 31, 2007[update].', ' In the PAL region, Twilight Princess is the best-selling Zelda game, selling over 7.14 million copies on Wii and GameCube combined by March 2011. Initial sales were strong, with the game accounting for three out of every four Wii purchases during its first week.', 7)
("A Japan-exclusive manga series based on Twilight Princess, penned and illustrated by Akira Himekawa, was first released on February 8, 2016. The series is available solely via publisher Shogakukan's MangaOne mobile application. While the manga adaptation began almost ten years after the initial release of the game on which it is based, it launched only a month before the release of the high-definition remake.", " A Japan-exclusive manga series of Twilight Princess by Akira Himekawa was released on February 8, 2016, exclusively through Shogakukan's MangaOne app. The manga adaptation came nearly ten years after the game's initial release and one month before the high-definition remake.", 8)
("Spectre (2015) is the twenty-fourth James Bond film produced by Eon Productions. It features Daniel Craig in his fourth performance as James Bond, and Christoph Waltz as Ernst Stavro Blofeld, with the film marking the character's re-introduction into the series. It was directed by Sam Mendes as his second James Bond film following Skyfall, and was written by John Logan, Neal Purvis, Robert Wade and Jez Butterworth. It is distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Columbia Pictures. With a budget around $245 million, it is the most expensive Bond film and one of the most expensive films ever made.", ' "Spectre" (2015) is the 24th James Bond film produced by Eon Productions. Daniel Craig stars as James Bond, and Christoph Waltz portrays Ernst Stavro Blofeld in his return to the series. Directed by Sam Mendes, with a budget of approximately $245 million, it is the most expensive Bond film and one of the priciest ever made. The film was produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Columbia Pictures, and features a screenplay by John Logan, Neal Purvis, Robert Wade, and Jez Butterworth.', 8)
("The story sees Bond pitted against the global criminal organisation Spectre, marking the group's first appearance in an Eon Productions film since 1971's Diamonds Are Forever,[N 2] and tying Craig's series of films together with an overarching storyline. Several recurring James Bond characters, including M, Q and Eve Moneypenny return, with the new additions of Léa Seydoux as Dr. Madeleine Swann, Dave Bautista as Mr. Hinx, Andrew Scott as Max Denbigh and Monica Bellucci as Lucia Sciarra.", ' Bond faces off against Spectre, a global criminal organization, in a new film that connects to Daniel Craig\'s series. Characters M, Q, and Eve Moneypenny return, while new additions include Léa Seydoux as Dr. Madeleine Swann, Dave Bautista as Mr. Hinx, Andrew Scott as Max Denbigh, and Monica Bellucci as Lucia Sciarra. Spectre last appeared in a 1971 film, "Diamonds Are Forever."', 8)
('Spectre was released on 26 October 2015 in the United Kingdom on the same night as the world premiere at the Royal Albert Hall in London, followed by a worldwide release. It was released in the United States on 6 November 2015. It became the second James Bond film to be screened in IMAX venues after Skyfall, although it was not filmed with IMAX cameras. Spectre received mixed reviews upon its release; although criticised for its length, lack of screen time for new characters, and writing, it received praise for its action sequences and cinematography. The theme song, "Writing\'s on the Wall", received mixed reviews, particularly compared to the previous theme; nevertheless, it won the Golden Globe for Best Original Song and was nominated for the Academy Award in the same category. As of 20 February 2016[update], Spectre has grossed over $879 million worldwide.', ' "Spectre" was released in the UK on October 26, 2015, with a worldwide release following. It was the second James Bond film in IMAX theaters after "Skyfall," although it wasn\'t filmed with IMAX cameras. The film received mixed reviews, with criticism for its length, new character screen time, and writing, but praise for action sequences and cinematography. The theme song, "Writings on the Wall," received mixed reviews but won a Golden Globe and was Academy Award-nominated. As of February 20, 2016, "Spectre" grossed over $879 million worldwide.', 8)
('Following Garreth Mallory\'s promotion to M, on a mission in Mexico City unofficially ordered by a posthumous message from the previous M, 007 James Bond kills three men plotting a terrorist bombing during the Day of the Dead and gives chase to Marco Sciarra, an assassin who survived the attack. In the ensuing struggle, Bond steals his ring, which is emblazoned with a stylised octopus, and then kills Sciarra by kicking him out of a helicopter. Upon returning to London, Bond is indefinitely suspended from field duty by M, who is in the midst of a power struggle with C, the head of the privately-backed Joint Intelligence Service, consisting of the recently merged MI5 and MI6. C campaigns for Britain to form alongside 8 other countries "Nine Eyes ", a global surveillance and intelligence co-operation initiative between nine member states, and uses his influence to close down the \'00\' section, believing it to be outdated.', ' After being promoted to M, James Bond goes to Mexico City to prevent a terrorist bombing and kills an assassin, Marco Sciarra. Upon returning to London, Bond is suspended from field duty due to a power struggle between M and the head of the Joint Intelligence Service, C, who is pushing for Britain to join "Nine Eyes," a global surveillance initiative, and disbands the 00 section. Bond\'s ring with an octopus emblem is taken from Sciarra.', 7)
("Bond disobeys M's order and travels to Rome to attend Sciarra's funeral. That evening he visits Sciarra's widow Lucia, who tells him about Spectre, a criminal organisation to which her husband belonged. Bond infiltrates a Spectre meeting, where he identifies the leader, Franz Oberhauser. When Oberhauser addresses Bond by name, he escapes and is pursued by Mr. Hinx, a Spectre assassin. Moneypenny informs Bond that the information he collected leads to Mr. White, former member of Quantum, a subsidiary of Spectre. Bond asks her to investigate Oberhauser, who was presumed dead years earlier.", " Bond defies orders to attend Sciarras funeral in Rome, meets widow Lucia who reveals Spectre, a criminal organization. Bond infiltrates Spectre meeting, identifies leader Franz Oberhauser, escapes after being recognized. Moneypenny informs Bond that Oberhauser links to Mr. White, former Quantum member. Bond requests investigation into Oberhauser's whereabouts.", 7)
("Bond travels to Austria to find White, who is dying of thallium poisoning. He admits to growing disenchanted with Quantum and tells Bond to find and protect his daughter, Dr. Madeline Swann, who will take him to L'Américain; this will in turn lead him to Spectre. White then commits suicide. Bond locates Swann at the Hoffler Klinik, but she is abducted by Hinx. Bond rescues her and the two meet Q, who discovers that Sciarra's ring links Oberhauser to Bond's previous missions, identifying Le Chiffre, Dominic Greene and Raoul Silva as Spectre agents. Swann reveals that L'Américain is a hotel in Tangier.", " Bond goes to Austria to find White, who confesses to disliking Quantum and asks Bond to protect his daughter, Dr. Madeline Swann. White commits suicide. Bond locates Swann at the Hoffler Klinik, but she's abducted by Hinx. Bond rescues Swann, and they meet Q. Q discovers a link between Oberhauser and Bond's past missions through Sciarras ring, revealing Le Chiffre, Dominic Greene, and Raoul Silva as Spectre agents. Swann discloses that LAméricain is a hotel in Tangier.", 8)
("The two travel to the hotel and discover White's secret room where they find co-ordinates pointing to Oberhauser's operations base in the desert. They travel by train to the nearest station, but are once again confronted by Hinx; they engage in a fight throughout the train in which Mr Hinx is eventually thrown off the train by Bond with Swann's assistance. After arriving at the station, Bond and Swann are escorted to Oberhauser's base. There, he reveals that Spectre has been staging terrorist attacks around the world, creating a need for the Nine Eyes programme. In return Spectre will be given unlimited access to intelligence gathered by Nine Eyes. Bond is tortured as Oberhauser discusses their shared history: after the younger Bond was orphaned, Oberhauser's father, Hannes, became his temporary guardian. Believing that Bond supplanted his role as son, Oberhauser killed his father and staged his own death, subsequently adopting the name Ernst Stavro Blofeld and going on to form Spectre. Bond and Swann escape, destroying the base in the process, leaving Blofeld to apparently die during the explosion.", " The travelers find co-ordinates leading to Blofeld's base, fight Hinx on a train, are escorted to Blofeld's base, learn about Spectre's terrorist plans, discover Blofeld's past with Bond, escape and destroy the base, leaving Blofeld to presumably die.", 7)
("Bond and Swann return to London where they meet M, Bill Tanner, Q, and Moneypenny; they intend to arrest C and stop Nine Eyes from going online. Swann leaves Bond, telling him she cannot be part of a life involving espionage, and is subsequently kidnapped. On the way, the group is ambushed and Bond is kidnapped, but the rest still proceed with the plan. After Q succeeds in preventing the Nine Eyes from going online, a brief struggle between M and C ends with the latter falling to his death. Meanwhile, Bond is taken to the old MI6 building, which is scheduled for demolition, and frees himself. Moving throughout the ruined labyrinth, he encounters a disfigured Blofeld, who tells him that he has three minutes to escape the building before explosives are detonated or die trying to save Swann. Bond finds Swann and the two escape by boat as the building collapses. Bond shoots down Blofeld's helicopter, which crashes onto Westminster Bridge. As Blofeld crawls away from the wreckage, Bond confronts him but ultimately leaves him to be arrested by M. Bond leaves the bridge with Swann.", " Bond and team plan to arrest C and stop Nine Eyes in London. Swann leaves, gets kidnapped. Group proceeds with plan, preventing Nine Eyes from going online. M kills C. Bond is kidnapped, escapes old MI6 building with Swann before it explodes. Blofeld is there, gives Bond three minutes to leave or die. Bond saves Swann, shoots down Blofeld's helicopter, leaves him for arrest. Bond and Swann leave bridge.", 7)
('The ownership of the Spectre organisation—originally stylised "SPECTRE" as an acronym of SPecial Executive for Counter-intelligence, Terrorism, Revenge and Extortion—and its characters, had been at the centre of long-standing litigation starting in 1961 between Ian Fleming and Kevin McClory over the film rights to the novel Thunderball. The dispute began after Fleming incorporated elements of an undeveloped film script written by McClory and screenwriter Jack Whittingham—including characters and plot points—into Thunderball, which McClory contested in court, claiming ownership over elements of the novel. In 1963, Fleming settled out of court with McClory, in an agreement which awarded McClory the film rights. This enabled him to become a producer for the 1965 film Thunderball—with Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman as executive producers—and the non-Eon film Never Say Never Again, an updated remake of Thunderball, in 1983.[N 3] A second remake, entitled Warhead 2000 A.D., was planned for production and release in the 1990s before being abandoned. Under the terms of the 1963 settlement, the literary rights stayed with Fleming, allowing the Spectre organisation and associated characters to continue appearing in print.', ' The ownership of Spectre organization and related characters from the novel "Thunderball" was subject to a long-standing legal dispute between Ian Fleming and Kevin McClory from 1961. Fleming used elements of McClory\'s and Jack Whittingham\'s undeveloped film script in "Thunderball," leading to McClory\'s claim of ownership. In 1963, Fleming settled out of court, granting McClory film rights and allowing him to produce "Thunderball" (1965) and "Never Say Never Again" (1983). A planned remake titled "Warhead 2000 A.D." was abandoned. Fleming retained literary rights, enabling continued use of Spectre in print.', 8)
('In November 2013 MGM and the McClory estate formally settled the issue with Danjaq, LLC—sister company of Eon Productions—with MGM acquiring the full copyright film rights to the concept of Spectre and all of the characters associated with it. With the acquisition of the film rights and the organisation\'s re-introduction to the series\' continuity, the SPECTRE acronym was discarded and the organisation reimagined as "Spectre".', ' In November 2013, MGM obtained the full copyright film rights to the concept of Spectre and related characters from Danjaq, LLC. With this acquisition, the organization was reintroduced to the series continuity and its name was changed from SPECTRE to "Spectre".', 7)
('In November 2014, Sony Pictures Entertainment was targeted by hackers who released details of confidential e-mails between Sony executives regarding several high-profile film projects. Included within these were several memos relating to the production of Spectre, claiming that the film was over budget, detailing early drafts of the script written by John Logan, and expressing Sony\'s frustration with the project. Eon Productions later issued a statement confirming the leak of what they called "an early version of the screenplay".', " In November 2014, Sony Pictures Entertainment experienced a hacking incident resulting in the release of confidential emails about the production of Spectre. The emails contained information on budget issues, early drafts of John Logan's script, and Sony's frustration with the project. Eon Productions acknowledged the leak of an early version of the screenplay.", 8)
('Despite being an original story, Spectre draws on Ian Fleming\'s source material, most notably in the character of Franz Oberhauser, played by Christoph Waltz. Oberhauser shares his name with Hannes Oberhauser, a background character in the short story "Octopussy" from the Octopussy and The Living Daylights collection, and who is named in the film as having been a temporary legal guardian of a young Bond in 1983. Similarly, Charmian Bond is shown to have been his full-time guardian, observing the back story established by Fleming. With the acquisition of the rights to Spectre and its associated characters, screenwriters Neal Purvis and Robert Wade revealed that the film would provide a minor retcon to the continuity of the previous films, with the Quantum organisation alluded to in Casino Royale and introduced in Quantum of Solace reimagined as a division within Spectre rather than an independent organisation.', ' The film "Spectre" draws inspiration from Ian Fleming\'s "Octopussy" short story for the character Franz Oberhauser, who shares a name with a character in the story and was a guardian of a young Bond. Charmian Bond is also depicted as his full-time guardian. The acquisition of the rights to "Spectre" led to a minor retcon in the continuity of the previous films, with Quantum being reimagined as a division within Spectre instead of an independent organization.', 7)
('Further references to Fleming\'s material can be found throughout the film; an MI6 safehouse is called "Hildebrand Rarities and Antiques", a reference to the short story "The Hildebrand Rarity" from the For Your Eyes Only short story collection.[citation needed] Bond\'s torture by Blofeld mirrors his torture by the title character of Kingsley Amis\' continuation novel Colonel Sun.[citation needed]', " The film makes references to Fleming's work through the name of an MI6 safehouse and Bond's torture scene, which mirrors a scene in Colonel Sun, a novel from Fleming's continuation author Kingsley Amis.", 7)
('The main cast was revealed in December 2014 at the 007 Stage at Pinewood Studios. Daniel Craig returned for his fourth appearance as James Bond, while Ralph Fiennes, Naomie Harris and Ben Whishaw reprised their roles as M, Eve Moneypenny and Q respectively, having been established in Skyfall. Rory Kinnear also reprised his role as Bill Tanner in his third appearance in the series.', ' In December 2014, the main cast for the new James Bond film was announced at Pinewood Studios. Daniel Craig returned as James Bond, Ralph Fiennes as M, Naomie Harris as Eve Moneypenny, Ben Whishaw as Q, and Rory Kinnear as Bill Tanner all reprised their roles from the previous film, Skyfall.', 8)
("Christoph Waltz was cast in the role of Franz Oberhauser, though he refused to comment on the nature of the part. It was later revealed with the film's release that he is Ernst Stavro Blofeld. Dave Bautista was cast as Mr. Hinx after producers sought an actor with a background in contact sports. After casting Bérénice Lim Marlohe, a relative newcomer, as Sévérine in Skyfall, Mendes consciously sought out a more experienced actor for the role of Madeleine Swann, ultimately casting Léa Seydoux in the role. Monica Bellucci joined the cast as Lucia Sciarra, becoming, at the age of fifty, the oldest actress to be cast as a Bond girl. In a separate interview with Danish website Euroman, Jesper Christensen revealed he would be reprising his role as Mr. White from Casino Royale and Quantum of Solace. Christensen's character was reportedly killed off in a scene intended to be used as an epilogue to Quantum of Solace, before it was removed from the final cut of the film, enabling his return in Spectre.", " Christoph Waltz was cast as Ernst Stavro Blofeld in Spectre. Dave Bautista was chosen as Mr. Hinx due to his sports background. Léa Seydoux was cast as Madeleine Swann, and Bérénice Lim Marlohe was a relative newcomer as Sévérine in Skyfall. Monica Bellucci became the oldest Bond girl at 50 as Lucia Sciarra. Jesper Christensen returned as Mr. White. Waltz's role as Oberhauser was kept secret until the film's release. Christensen's character was initially killed off in Quantum of Solace but was brought back in Spectre.", 7)
('In addition to the principal cast, Alessandro Cremona was cast as Marco Sciarra, Stephanie Sigman was cast as Estrella, and Detlef Bothe was cast as a villain for scenes shot in Austria. In February 2015 over fifteen hundred extras were hired for the pre-title sequence set in Mexico, though they were duplicated in the film, giving the effect of around ten thousand extras.', ' Alessandro Cremona, Stephanie Sigman, and Detlef Bothe were cast in the film. Fifteen hundred extras were hired for a scene in Mexico, appearing as around ten thousand extras in the final product.', 7)
("In March 2013 Mendes said he would not return to direct the next film in the series, then known as Bond 24; he later recanted and announced that he would return, as he found the script and the plans for the long-term future of the franchise appealing. In directing Skyfall and Spectre, Mendes became the first director to oversee two consecutive Bond films since John Glen directed The Living Daylights and Licence to Kill in 1987 and 1989. Skyfall writer John Logan resumed his role of scriptwriter, collaborating with Neal Purvis and Robert Wade, who returned for their sixth Bond film.[N 4] The writer Jez Butterworth also worked on the script, alongside Mendes and Craig. Dennis Gassner returned as the film's production designer, while cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema took over from Roger Deakins. In July 2015 Mendes noted that the combined crew of Spectre numbered over one thousand, making it a larger production than Skyfall. Craig is listed as co-producer.", " In March 2013, Mendes initially declined to direct the next Bond film, but later changed his mind. He directed Skyfall and Spectre, making him the first director for two consecutive Bond films since 1987. John Logan returned as scriptwriter, collaborating with Neal Purvis, Robert Wade, and Jez Butterworth. Dennis Gassner returned as production designer, and Hoyte van Hoytema replaced Roger Deakins as cinematographer. The crew for Spectre consisted of over one thousand members, larger than Skyfall's. Craig served as co-producer.", 7)
("Mendes revealed that production would begin on 8 December 2014 at Pinewood Studios, with filming taking seven months. Mendes also confirmed several filming locations, including London, Mexico City and Rome. Van Hoytema shot the film on Kodak 35 mm film stock. Early filming took place at Pinewood Studios, and around London, with scenes variously featuring Craig and Harris at Bond's flat, and Craig and Kinnear travelling down the River Thames.", " Production of the film began on December 8, 2014, at Pinewood Studios. Filming took seven months and took place in London, Mexico City, and Rome. The film was shot on Kodak 35 mm film stock. Early filming took place at Pinewood Studios and around London, with scenes featuring Craig and Harris at Bond's flat and Craig and Kinnear traveling down the River Thames.", 8)
('Filming started in Austria in December 2014, with production taking in the area around Sölden—including the Ötztal Glacier Road, Rettenbach glacier and the adjacent ski resort and cable car station—and Obertilliach and Lake Altaussee, before concluding in February 2015. Scenes filmed in Austria centred on the Ice Q Restaurant, standing in for the fictional Hoffler Klinik, a private medical clinic in the Austrian Alps. Filming included an action scene featuring a Land Rover Defender Bigfoot and a Range Rover Sport. Production was temporarily halted first by an injury to Craig, who sprained his knee whilst shooting a fight scene, and later by an accident involving a filming vehicle that saw three crew members injured, at least one of them seriously.', " Filming for a production took place in Austria from December 2014 to February 2015, focusing on areas around Sölden, Ötztal Glacier Road, Rettenbach glacier, ski resort, cable car station, Obertilliach, and Lake Altaussee. The Ice Q Restaurant stood in for a fictional private medical clinic. Filming included an action scene with a Land Rover Defender Bigfoot and a Range Rover Sport. Production was halted due to Craig's knee injury during a fight scene and an accident involving a filming vehicle that injured three crew members, one seriously.", 8)
('Filming temporarily returned to England to shoot scenes at Blenheim Palace in Oxfordshire, which stood in for a location in Rome, before moving on to the city itself for a five-week shoot across the city, with locations including the Ponte Sisto bridge and the Roman Forum. The production faced opposition from a variety of special interest groups and city authorities, who were concerned about the potential for damage to historical sites around the city, and problems with graffiti and rubbish appearing in the film. A car chase scene set along the banks of the Tiber River and through the streets of Rome featured an Aston Martin DB10 and a Jaguar C-X75. The C-X75 was originally developed as a hybrid electric vehicle with four independent electric engines powered by two jet turbines, before the project was cancelled. The version used for filming was converted to use a conventional internal combustion engine, to minimise the potential for disruption from mechanical problems with the complex hybrid system. The C-X75s used for filming were developed by the engineering division of Formula One racing team Williams, who built the original C-X75 prototype for Jaguar.', ' Filming took place at Blenheim Palace in England and in Rome for five weeks. Scenes were shot at Ponte Sisto bridge and Roman Forum. Production faced opposition due to potential damage and graffiti. A car chase scene featured an Aston Martin DB10 and a Jaguar C-X75. The C-X75 was originally a hybrid electric vehicle with jet turbines, but was converted to use a conventional engine for filming. Williams, a Formula One racing team, developed the C-X75s for filming.', 7)
("With filming completed in Rome, production moved to Mexico City in late March to shoot the film's opening sequence, with scenes to include the Day of the Dead festival filmed in and around the Zócalo and the Centro Histórico district. The planned scenes required the city square to be closed for filming a sequence involving a fight aboard a Messerschmitt-Bölkow-Blohm Bo 105 helicopter flown by stunt pilot Chuck Aaron, which called for modifications to be made to several buildings to prevent damage. This particular scene in Mexico required 1,500 extras, 10 giant skeletons and 250,000 paper flowers. Reports in the Mexican media added that the film's second unit would move to Palenque in the state of Chiapas, to film aerial manoeuvres considered too dangerous to shoot in an urban area.", ' Production moved from Rome to Mexico City in late March for filming opening sequence of the movie. Scenes included Day of the Dead festival in Zócalo and Centro Histórico district. Helicopter fight scene required closing city square and building modifications. 1,500 extras, 10 giant skeletons, and 250,000 paper flowers used. Second unit to film dangerous aerial maneuvers in Palenque, Chiapas.', 8)
('Following filming in Mexico, and during a scheduled break, Craig was flown to New York to undergo minor surgery to fix his knee injury. It was reported that filming was not affected and he had returned to filming at Pinewood Studios as planned on 22 April.', ' Craig underwent minor knee surgery in New York during a filming break in Mexico. He returned to filming at Pinewood Studios on 22 April.', 8)
("A brief shoot at London's City Hall was filmed on 18 April 2015, while Mendes was on location. On 17 May 2015 filming took place on the Thames in London. Stunt scenes involving Craig and Seydoux on a speedboat as well as a low flying helicopter near Westminster Bridge were shot at night, with filming temporarily closing both Westminster and Lambeth Bridges. Scenes were also shot on the river near MI6's headquarters at Vauxhall Cross. The crew returned to the river less than a week later to film scenes solely set on Westminster Bridge. The London Fire Brigade was on set to simulate rain as well as monitor smoke used for filming. Craig, Seydoux, and Waltz, as well as Harris and Fiennes, were seen being filmed. Prior to this, scenes involving Fiennes were shot at a restaurant in Covent Garden. Filming then took place in Trafalgar Square. In early June, the crew, as well as Craig, Seydoux, and Waltz, returned to the Thames for a final time to continue filming scenes previously shot on the river.", " Filming took place at London's City Hall on 18 April 2015. On 17 May, stunt scenes were shot on the Thames involving Craig and Seydoux on a speedboat and a low-flying helicopter. Westminster and Lambeth Bridges were temporarily closed. Scenes were also filmed near MI6's headquarters at Vauxhall Cross. Filming on Westminster Bridge occurred again less than a week later. The London Fire Brigade assisted with rain simulation and smoke monitoring. Fiennes was filmed at a Covent Garden restaurant, and Trafalgar Square was also used as a filming location. The crew and main cast returned to the Thames in early June for additional filming on the river.", 8)
('After wrapping up in England, production travelled to Morocco in June, with filming taking place in Oujda, Tangier and Erfoud, after preliminary work was completed by the production\'s second unit. An explosion filmed in Morocco holds a Guinness World Record for the "Largest film stunt explosion" in cinematic history, with the record credited to production designer Chris Corbould. Principal photography concluded on 5 July 2015. A wrap-up party for Spectre was held in commemoration before entering post-production. Filming took 128 days.', ' Production moved from England to Morocco in June for filming in Oujda, Tangier, and Erfoud. A record-breaking explosion filmed in Morocco was recognized by Guinness World Records as the "Largest film stunt explosion" in cinematic history. Principal photography ended on 5 July 2015, followed by a wrap-up party. Filming lasted for 128 days.', 8)
('Whilst filming in Mexico City, speculation in the media claimed that the script had been altered to accommodate the demands of Mexican authorities—reportedly influencing details of the scene and characters, casting choices, and modifying the script in order to portray the country in a "positive light"—in order to secure tax concessions and financial support worth up to $20 million for the film. This was denied by producer Michael G. Wilson, who stated that the scene had always been intended to be shot in Mexico as production had been attracted to the imagery of the Day of the Dead, and that the script had been developed from there. Production of Skyfall had previously faced similar problems while attempting to secure permits to shoot the film\'s pre-title sequence in India before moving to Istanbul.', " During filming of Skyfall in Mexico City, allegations arose that the script was altered to please Mexican authorities for financial incentives, affecting scene details, characters, and casting. Producer Michael G. Wilson refuted these claims, stating the scene was intended for Mexico due to the Day of the Dead imagery, and the script had been developed accordingly. Previously, production encountered similar issues securing permits for India in Skyfall's pre-title sequence.", 6)
("Thomas Newman returned as Spectre's composer. Rather than composing the score once the film had moved into post-production, Newman worked during filming. The theatrical trailer released in July 2015 contained a rendition of John Barry's On Her Majesty's Secret Service theme. Mendes revealed that the final film would have more than one hundred minutes of music. The soundtrack album was released on 23 October 2015 in the UK and 6 November 2015 in the USA on the Decca Records label.", ' Thomas Newman composed the score for "Spectre" during filming instead of in post-production. A trailer for the film, released in July 2015, featured John Barry\'s "On Her Majesty\'s Secret Service" theme. The final film contained over 100 minutes of music. The soundtrack album was released in the UK on 23 October 2015 and in the USA on 6 November 2015 by Decca Records.', 8)
('In September 2015 it was announced that Sam Smith and regular collaborator Jimmy Napes had written the film\'s title theme, "Writing\'s on the Wall", with Smith performing it for the film. Smith said the song came together in one session and that he and Napes wrote it in under half an hour before recording a demo. Satisfied with the quality, the demo was used in the final release.', ' In September 2015, Sam Smith and Jimmy Napes wrote and recorded the title theme "Writings on the Wall" for a film in one session, with Smith performing it. The demo they created was used in the final release.', 8)
('The song was released as a digital download on 25 September 2015. It received mixed reviews from critics and fans, particularly in comparison to Adele\'s "Skyfall". The mixed reception to the song led to Shirley Bassey trending on Twitter on the day it was released. It became the first Bond theme to reach number one in the UK Singles Chart. The English band Radiohead also composed a song for the film, which went unused.', ' The song was released as a digital download on September 25, 2015, and received mixed reviews, causing Shirley Bassey to trend on Twitter. It was the first Bond theme to reach number one in the UK Singles Chart. Radiohead composed an unused song for the film.', 7)
("During the December 2014 press conference announcing the start of filming, Aston Martin and Eon unveiled the new DB10 as the official car for the film. The DB10 was designed in collaboration between Aston Martin and the filmmakers, with only 10 being produced especially for Spectre as a celebration of the 50th anniversary of the company's association with the franchise. Only eight of those 10 were used for the film, however; the remaining two were used for promotional work. After modifying the Jaguar C-X75 for the film, Williams F1 carried the 007 logo on their cars at the 2015 Mexican Grand Prix, with the team playing host to the cast and crew ahead of the Mexican premiere of the film.", " Aston Martin and Eon revealed the DB10 as the official car for Spectre, designed in collaboration for the film's 50th anniversary with only 10 produced. Eight were used, two for promotion. Williams F1 displayed 007 logo at 2015 Mexican Grand Prix, hosting cast and crew for film premiere. Aston Martin and Jaguar C-X75 were used in the film.", 7)
("To promote the film, production continued the trend established during Skyfall's production of releasing still images of clapperboards and video blogs on Eon's official social media accounts.", " Production released film promotional materials, including clapperboard images and video blogs, on Eon's social media accounts.", 8)
("On 13 March 2015, several members of the cast and crew, including Craig, Whishaw, Wilson and Mendes, as well as previous James Bond actor, Sir Roger Moore, appeared in a sketch written by David Walliams and the Dawson Brothers for Comic Relief's Red Nose Day on BBC One. In the sketch, they film a behind-the-scenes mockumentary on the filming of Spectre. The first teaser trailer for Spectre was released worldwide in March 2015, followed by the theatrical trailer in July and the final trailer in October.", ' On March 13, 2015, Craig, Whishaw, Wilson, Mendes, and Sir Roger Moore participated in a Comic Relief Red Nose Day sketch on BBC One, filming a mockumentary for Spectre. The first teaser trailer for Spectre was released globally in March, with the theatrical trailer following in July, and the final trailer in October.', 8)
("Spectre had its world premiere in London on 26 October 2015 at the Royal Albert Hall, the same day as its general release in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland. Following the announcement of the start of filming, Paramount Pictures brought forward the release of Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation to avoid competing with Spectre. In March 2015 IMAX corporation announced that Spectre would be screened in its cinemas, following Skyfall's success with the company. In the UK it received a wider release than Skyfall, with a minimum of 647 cinemas including 40 IMAX screens, compared to Skyfall's 587 locations and 21 IMAX screens.", " The world premiere of Spectre took place in London on October 26, 2015, coinciding with its UK and Republic of Ireland release. Paramount Pictures moved up the release of Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation to avoid competition. In March 2015, IMAX announced that Spectre would be shown in their cinemas, following the success of Skyfall. The UK release of Spectre included a wider cinema presence, with a minimum of 647 cinemas and 40 IMAX screens, compared to Skyfall's 587 locations and 21 IMAX screens.", 8)
('As of 21 February 2016[update] Spectre has grossed $879.3 million worldwide; $138.1 million of the takings have been generated from the UK market and $199.8 million from North America.', ' As of February 21, 2016, the movie "Spectre" had grossed $879.3 million worldwide. The film earned $138.1 million in the UK market and $199.8 million in North America.', 9)
("In the United Kingdom, the film grossed £4.1 million ($6.4 million) from its Monday preview screenings. It grossed £6.3 million ($9.2 million) on its opening day and then £5.7 million ($8.8 million) on Wednesday, setting UK records for both days. In the film's first seven days it grossed £41.7 million ($63.8 million), breaking the UK record for highest first-week opening, set by Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban's £23.88 million ($36.9 million) in 2004. Its Friday–Saturday gross was £20.4 million ($31.2 million) compared to Skyfall's £20.1 million ($31 million). The film also broke the record for the best per-screen opening average with $110,000, a record previously held by The Dark Knight with $100,200. It has grossed a total of $136.3 million there. In the U.K., it surpassed Avatar to become the country's highest-grossing IMAX release ever with $10.09 million.", " In the UK, the film made £4.1 million ($6.4 million) from preview screenings, £6.3 million ($9.2 million) on opening day, and £5.7 million ($8.8 million) on Wednesday. In its first week, it grossed £41.7 million ($63.8 million), breaking the UK record for highest first-week opening. The film's Friday-Saturday gross was £20.4 million ($31.2 million), surpassing Skyfall. It set records for per-screen opening average ($110,000) and highest-grossing IMAX release ($10.09 million). The total gross in the UK is $136.3 million. The film surpassed Avatar to become the highest-grossing IMAX release in the UK.", 8)
("Spectre opened in Germany with $22.45 million (including previews), which included a new record for the biggest Saturday of all time, Australia with $8.7 million (including previews) and South Korea opened to $8.2 million (including previews). Despite the 13 November Paris attacks, which led to numerous theaters being closed down, the film opened with $14.6 million (including $2 million in previews) in France. In Mexico, where part of the film was shot, it debuted with more than double that of Skyfall with $4.5 million. It also bested its predecessor's opening in various Nordic regions where MGM is distributing, such as in Finland ($2.66 million) and Norway ($2.91 million), and in other markets like Denmark ($4.2 million), the Netherlands ($3.38 million), and Sweden ($3.1 million). In India, it opened at No. 1 with $4.8 million which is 4% above the opening of Skyfall. It topped the German-speaking Switzerland box office for four weeks and in the Netherlands, it has held the No. 1 spot for seven weeks straight where it has topped Minions to become the top movie of the year. The top earning markets are Germany ($70.3 million) and France ($38.8 million). In Paris, it has the second highest ticket sales of all time with $4.1 million tickets sold only behind Spider-Man 3 which sold over $6.32 million tickets in 2007.", ' "Spectre" opened with record-breaking numbers in Germany ($22.45M including previews), Australia ($8.7M including previews), and South Korea ($8.2M including previews). In France, it earned $14.6M including previews despite Paris attacks. In Mexico, it debuted with more than double the earnings of Skyfall. The film topped box offices in Finland ($2.66M), Norway ($2.91M), Denmark ($4.2M), the Netherlands ($3.38M), and Sweden ($3.1M). In India, it opened at No. 1 with $4.8M, a 4% increase from Skyfall. It held the No. 1 spot in the Netherlands for 7 weeks and topped Minions to become the top movie of the year. Top earning markets are Germany ($70.3M) and France ($38.8M). In Paris, it sold the second highest number of tickets of all time with $4.1M.', 7)
("In the United States and Canada, the film opened on 6 November 2015, and in its opening weekend, was originally projected to gross $70–75 million from 3,927 screens, the widest release for a Bond film. However, after grossing $5.25 million from its early Thursday night showings and $28 million on its opening day, weekend projections were increased to $75–80 million. The film ended up grossing $70.4 million in its opening weekend (about $20 million less than Skyfall's $90.6 million debut, including IMAX previews), but nevertheless finished first at the box office. IMAX generated $9.1 million for Spectre at 374 screens, premium large format made $8 million from 429 cinemas, reaping 11% of the film's opening, which means that Spectre earned $17.1 million (23%) of its opening weekend total in large-format venues. Cinemark XD generated $1.85 million in 112 XD locations.", ' The film "Spectre" opened in the US and Canada on November 6, 2015, with projections of grossing $70-75 million from 3,927 screens. After earning $5.25 million on Thursday and $28 million on Friday, weekend projections were increased to $75-80 million. The film grossed $70.4 million in its opening weekend, finishing first at the box office. IMAX generated $9.1 million, premium large format made $8 million, and Cinemark XD earned $1.85 million. Large-format venues accounted for 11% of the film\'s opening weekend total, bringing in $17.1 million.', 7)
("In China, it opened on 12 November and earned $15 million on its opening day, which is the second biggest 2D single day gross for a Hollywood film behind the $18.5 million opening day of Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation and occupying 43% of all available screens which included $790,000 in advance night screenings. Through its opening weekend, it earned $48.1 million from 14,700 screens which is 198% ahead of Skyfall, a new record for a Hollywood 2D opening. IMAX contributed $4.6 million on 246 screens, also a new record for a three-day opening for a November release (breaking Interstellar's record). In its second weekend, it added $12.1 million falling precipitously by 75% which is the second worst second weekend drop for any major Hollywood release in China of 2015. It grossed a total of $84.7 million there after four weekends. Albeit a strong opening it failed to attain the $100 million mark as projected.", ' In China, "Avengers: Age of Ultron" earned $15 million on opening day, $48.1 million in opening weekend from 14,700 screens, and set new records for 2D opening and IMAX opening. However, it had a precipitous 75% drop in its second weekend, earning $12.1 million, and fell short of the projected $100 million mark with a total of $84.7 million after four weekends.', 7)
('Spectre has received mixed reviews, with many reviewers either giving the film highly positive or highly negative feedback. Many critics praised the film\'s opening scene, action sequences, stuntwork, cinematography and performances from the cast. In some early reviews, the film received favourable comparisons with its predecessor, Skyfall. Rotten Tomatoes sampled 274 reviews and judged 64% of the critiques to be positive, saying that the film "nudges Daniel Craig\'s rebooted Bond closer to the glorious, action-driven spectacle of earlier entries, although it\'s admittedly reliant on established 007 formula." On Metacritic, the film has a rating of 60 out of 100, based on 48 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A−" on an A+ to F scale.', ' The film "Spectre" received mixed reviews from critics, with 64% of 274 Rotten Tomatoes reviews being positive. The opening scene, action sequences, stuntwork, cinematography, and cast performances were praised. Some critics compared it favorably to "Skyfall." Metacritic gave the film a rating of 60 out of 100 based on 48 reviews, indicating mixed or average reviews. Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A−."', 8)
('Prior to its UK release, Spectre mostly received positive reviews. Mark Kermode, writing in The Guardian, gave the film four out of five stars, observing that the film did not live up to the standard set by Skyfall, but was able to tap into audience expectations. Writing in the same publication, Peter Bradshaw gave the film a full five stars, calling it "inventive, intelligent and complex", and singling out Craig\'s performance as the film\'s highlight. In another five star review, The Daily Telegraph\'s Robbie Collin described Spectre as "a swaggering show of confidence\'", lauding it as "a feat of pure cinematic necromancy." In an otherwise positive, but overall less enthusiastic review, IGN\'s Chris Tilly considered Spectre "solid if unspectacular", and gave the film a 7.2 score (out of a possible 10), saying that "the film falls frustratingly short of greatness."', ' The film "Spectre" received mostly positive reviews before its UK release. Mark Kermode in The Guardian gave it four out of five stars, noting it didn\'t meet the Skyfall standard but met audience expectations. Peter Bradshaw also gave it five stars, praising its inventiveness, intelligence, complexity, and Craig\'s performance. Robbie Collin in The Daily Telegraph also gave it five stars, calling it a "swaggering show of confidence" and "cinematic necromancy." Chris Tilly in IGN gave it a 7.2 score, considering it "solid if unspectacular," and finding it fell short of greatness.', 8)
('Christopher Orr, writing in The Atlantic, also criticised the film, saying that Spectre "backslides on virtually every [aspect]". Lawrence Toppman of The Charlotte Observer called Craig\'s performance "Bored, James Bored." Alyssa Rosenberg, writing for The Washington Post, stated that the film turned into "a disappointingly conventional Bond film."', ' Christopher Orr (The Atlantic) and Lawrence Toppman (The Charlotte Observer) criticized the film "Spectre," with Orr noting several aspects where it regressed, and Toppman finding Daniel Craig\'s performance boring. Alyssa Rosenberg (The Washington Post) described the film as "disappointingly conventional."', 7)
('In India, it was reported that the Indian Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) censored kissing scenes featuring Monica Bellucci, Daniel Craig, and Léa Seydoux. They also muted all profanity. This prompted criticism of the board online, especially on Twitter.', ' The Indian Central Board of Film Certification censored kissing scenes involving Monica Bellucci, Daniel Craig, and Léa Seydoux in a film and muted all profanity. Criticism ensued, primarily on Twitter.', 8)
('A sequel to Spectre will begin development in spring 2016. Sam Mendes has stated he will not return to direct the next 007 film. Christoph Waltz has signed on for two more films in the series, but his return depends on whether or not Craig will again portray Bond.', " The development of the sequel to Spectre begins in spring 2016. Sam Mendes will not direct the next 007 film. Christoph Waltz has agreed to appear in two more Bond films, but his participation depends on Daniel Craig's decision to reprise his role as Bond.", 8)
('The 2008 Sichuan earthquake or the Great Sichuan earthquake, measured at 8.0 Ms and 7.9 Mw, and occurred at 02:28:01 PM China Standard Time at epicenter (06:28:01 UTC) on May 12 in Sichuan province, killed 69,197 people and left 18,222 missing.', ' The 2008 Sichuan earthquake, measuring 8.0 Ms and 7.9 Mw, struck Sichuan province at 2:28:01 PM China Standard Time (6:28:01 UTC) on May 12, resulting in 69,197 deaths and 18,222 missing people.', 9)
('It is also known as the Wenchuan earthquake (Chinese: 汶川大地震; pinyin: Wènchuān dà dìzhèn; literally: "Great Wenchuan earthquake"), after the location of the earthquake\'s epicenter, Wenchuan County, Sichuan. The epicenter was 80 kilometres (50 mi) west-northwest of Chengdu, the provincial capital, with a focal depth of 19 km (12 mi). The earthquake was also felt in nearby countries and as far away as both Beijing and Shanghai—1,500 km (930 mi) and 1,700 km (1,060 mi) away—where office buildings swayed with the tremor. Strong aftershocks, some exceeding magnitude 6, continued to hit the area even months after the main quake, causing new casualties and damage.', ' The Wenchuan earthquake occurred in Wenchuan County, Sichuan, with an epicenter 80 km west-northwest of Chengdu. The earthquake had a focal depth of 19 km and was felt in nearby countries and as far as Beijing and Shanghai. Aftershocks, some stronger than magnitude 6, continued to hit the area for months, causing additional casualties and damage.', 8)
('Official figures (as of July 21, 2008 12:00 CST) stated that 69,197 were confirmed dead, including 68,636 in Sichuan province, and 374,176 injured, with 18,222 listed as missing. The earthquake left about 4.8 million people homeless, though the number could be as high as 11 million. Approximately 15 million people lived in the affected area. It was the deadliest earthquake to hit China since the 1976 Tangshan earthquake, which killed at least 240,000 people, and the strongest in the country since the 1950 Chayu earthquake, which registered at 8.5 on the Richter magnitude scale. It is the 21st deadliest earthquake of all time. On November 6, 2008, the central government announced that it would spend 1 trillion RMB (about US $146.5 billion) over the next three years to rebuild areas ravaged by the earthquake, as part of the Chinese economic stimulus program.', " On July 21, 2008, an earthquake struck China, resulting in 69,197 confirmed deaths (68,636 in Sichuan province), 374,176 injuries, and approximately 18,222 missing persons. The earthquake left around 4.8 million people homeless, with the number potentially reaching 11 million. About 15 million people lived in the affected area. This earthquake was China's deadliest since the 1976 Tangshan earthquake, which killed at least 240,000 people, and the strongest since the 1950 Chayu earthquake, which registered at 8.5 on the Richter magnitude scale. It is the 21st deadliest earthquake in history. The Chinese government pledged to spend 1 trillion RMB (about US $146.5 billion) over the next three years to rebuild the affected areas as part of the economic stimulus program.", 9)
('The earthquake had a magnitude of 8.0 Ms and 7.9 Mw. The epicenter was in Wenchuan County, Ngawa Tibetan and Qiang Autonomous Prefecture, 80 km west/northwest of the provincial capital of Chengdu, with its main tremor occurring at 14:28:01.42 China Standard Time (06:28:01.42 UTC), on May 12, 2008 lasting for around 2 minutes, in the quake almost 80% of buildings were destroyed.', ' An earthquake with magnitudes of 8.0 Ms and 7.9 Mw occurred in Wenchuan County, Ngawa Tibetan and Qiang Autonomous Prefecture, 80 km west/northwest of Chengdu, China, at 14:28:01.42 China Standard Time (06:28:01.42 UTC) on May 12, 2008. The earthquake lasted approximately 2 minutes and destroyed nearly 80% of buildings.', 9)
('According to a study by the China Earthquake Administration (CEA), the earthquake occurred along the Longmenshan fault, a thrust structure along the border of the Indo-Australian Plate and Eurasian Plate. Seismic activities concentrated on its mid-fracture (known as Yingxiu-Beichuan fracture). The rupture lasted close to 120 sec, with the majority of energy released in the first 80 sec. Starting from Wenchuan, the rupture propagated at an average speed of 3.1 kilometers per second 49° toward north east, rupturing a total of about 300 km. Maximum displacement amounted to 9 meters. The focus was deeper than 10 km.', " An earthquake occurred along the Longmenshan fault, a thrust structure on the Indo-Australian and Eurasian Plates' border. The rupture, lasting nearly 120 seconds, released most of its energy in the first 80 seconds. Starting in Wenchuan, it propagated northeast at an average speed of 3.1 km/s, affecting approximately 300 km. The maximum displacement was 9 meters, with the focus located deeper than 10 km.", 8)
('Malaysia-based Yazhou Zhoukan conducted an interview with former researcher at the China Seismological Bureau Geng Qingguo (耿庆国), in which Geng claimed that a confidential written report was sent to the State Seismological Bureau on April 30, 2008, warning about the possible occurrence of a significant earthquake in Ngawa Prefecture region of Sichuan around May 8, with a range of 10 days before or after the quake. Geng, while acknowledging that earthquake prediction was broadly considered problematic by the scientific community, believed that "the bigger the earthquake, the easier it is to predict." Geng had long attempted to establish a correlation between the occurrence of droughts and earthquakes; Premier Zhou Enlai reportedly took an interest in Geng\'s work. Geng\'s drought-earthquake correlation theory was first released in 1972, and said to have successfully predicted the 1975 Haicheng and 1976 Tangshan earthquakes. The same Yazhou Zhoukan article pointed out the inherent difficulties associated with predicting earthquakes. In response, an official with the Seismological Bureau stated that "earthquake prediction is widely acknowledged around the world to be difficult from a scientific standpoint." The official also denied that the Seismological Bureau had received reports predicting the earthquake.', ' Former China Seismological Bureau researcher Geng Qingguo claimed a confidential report predicting a significant earthquake in Ngawa Prefecture, Sichuan, around May 8, was sent to the State Seismological Bureau on April 30, 2008. Geng, known for his drought-earthquake correlation theory, believed larger earthquakes are easier to predict. The theory reportedly predicted the 1975 Haicheng and 1976 Tangshan earthquakes. Seismological Bureau officials denied receiving such a report and stated that earthquake prediction is widely acknowledged as difficult from a scientific standpoint.', 8)
('In a United States Geological Survey (USGS) study, preliminary rupture models of the earthquake indicated displacement of up to 9 meters along a fault approximately 240 km long by 20 km deep. The earthquake generated deformations of the surface greater than 3 meters and increased the stress (and probability of occurrence of future events) at the northeastern and southwestern ends of the fault. On May 20, USGS seismologist Tom Parsons warned that there is "high risk" of a major M>7 aftershock over the next weeks or months.', " A USGS study indicated a potential earthquake with up to 9 meters of displacement along a 240 km long, 20 km deep fault. The earthquake caused surface deformations over 3 meters and increased stress at fault's northeastern and southwestern ends. USGS seismologist Tom Parsons warned of a high risk for a major M>7 aftershock in the coming weeks or months.", 8)
('Japanese seismologist Yuji Yagi at the University of Tsukuba said that the earthquake occurred in two stages: "The 155-mile Longmenshan Fault tore in two sections, the first one ripping about seven yards, followed by a second one that sheared four yards." His data also showed that the earthquake lasted about two minutes and released 30 times the energy of the Great Hanshin earthquake of 1995 in Japan, which killed over 6,000 people. He pointed out that the shallowness of the epicenter and the density of population greatly increased the severity of the earthquake. Teruyuki Kato, a seismologist at the University of Tokyo, said that the seismic waves of the quake traveled a long distance without losing their power because of the firmness of the terrain in central China. According to reports from Chengdu, the capital of Sichuan province, the earthquake tremors lasted for "about two or three minutes".', ' Japanese seismologist Yuji Yagi from the University of Tsukuba described the 155-mile Longmenshan Fault as tearing in two sections during the earthquake, with the first section ripping about seven yards and the second shearing four yards. The earthquake lasted approximately two minutes and released 30 times the energy of the 1995 Great Hanshin earthquake in Japan, which killed over 6,000 people. Seismologist Teruyuki Kato from the University of Tokyo explained that the seismic waves traveled long distances without losing power due to the firm terrain in central China. Reports from Chengdu stated that the earthquake tremors lasted around two to three minutes.', 8)
('Between 64 and 104 major aftershocks, ranging in magnitude from 4.0 to 6.1, were recorded within 72 hours of the main quake. According to Chinese official counts, "by 12:00 CST, November 6, 2008 there had been 42,719 total aftershocks, of which 246 ranged from 4.0 MS to 4.9 MS, 34 from 5.0 MS to 5.9 MS, and 8 from 6.0 Ms to 6.4 MS; the strongest aftershock measured 6.4 MS." The latest aftershock exceeding M6 occurred on August 5, 2008.', ' Within 72 hours of the main quake on November 6, 2008, there were 64 to 104 aftershocks with magnitudes ranging from 4.0 to 6.1. According to Chinese officials, a total of 42,719 aftershocks had occurred by November 6, including 246 between 4.0 and 4.9 on the Richter scale, 34 between 5.0 and 5.9, and 8 between 6.0 and 6.4. The most recent aftershock above M6 occurred on August 5, 2008.', 7)
('(The Ms 6.1 earthquake on August 30, 2008 in southern Sichuan was not part of this series because it was caused by a different fault. See 2008 Panzhihua earthquake for details.)', ' The August 30, 2008, Ms 6.1 earthquake in southern Sichuan was not related to the series of earthquakes mentioned, as it was caused by a different fault. For more information, see the 2008 Panzhihua earthquake.', 9)
('The map of earthquake intensity published by CEA after surveying 500,000 km2 of the affected area shows a maximum liedu of XI on the China Seismic Intensity Scale (CSIS), described as "very destructive" on the European Macroseismic Scale (EMS) from which CSIS drew reference. (USGS, using the Modified Mercalli intensity scale (CC), also placed maximum intensity at XI, "very disastrous".) Two south-west-north-east stripes of liedu XI are centered around Yingxiu, Wenchuan (the town closest to the epicenter of the main quake) and Beichuan (the town repeatedly struck by strong aftershocks including one registering MS 6.1 on Aug 1, 2008), both in Sichuan Province, occupying a total of 2,419 km2. The Yingxiu liedu-XI zone is about 66 km long and 20 km wide along Wenchuan–Dujiangyan–Pengzhou; the Beichuan liedu-XI zone is about 82 km long and 15 km wide along An County–Beichuan–Pingwu. The area with liedu X (comparable to X on EMS, "destructive" and X on MM, "disastrous") spans 3,144 km2. The area affected by earthquakes exceeding liedu VI totals 440,442 km2, occupying an oval 936 km long and 596 km wide, spanning three provinces and one autonomous region.', ' The earthquake area surveyed by CEA showed maximum intensity of XI on CSIS and USGS scales, with two zones of maximum intensity located near Yingxiu and Beichuan in Sichuan Province. The Yingxiu zone is about 66 km long and 20 km wide, while the Beichuan zone is about 82 km long and 15 km wide. The area with intensity X spans 3,144 km2. The total area affected by earthquakes exceeding intensity VI is 440,442 km2, forming an oval 936 km long and 596 km wide, covering three provinces and one autonomous region.', 8)
('The Longmen Shan Fault System is situated in the eastern border of the Tibetan Plateau and contains several faults. This earthquake ruptured at least two imbricate structures in Longmen Shan Fault System, i.e. the Beichuan Fault and the Guanxian–Anxian Fault. In the epicentral area, the average slip in Beichuan Fault was about 3.5 metres (11 ft) vertical, 3.5 metres (11 ft) horizontal-parallel to the fault, and 4.8 metres (16 ft) horizontal-perpendicular to the fault. In the area about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northeast of the epicenter, the surface slip on Beichuan Fault was almost purely dextral strike-slip up to about 3 metres (9.8 ft), while the average slip in Guanxian–Anxian Fault was about 2 metres (6 ft 7 in) vertical and 2.3 metres (7 ft 7 in) horizontal.', ' The Longmen Shan Fault System, located at the eastern border of the Tibetan Plateau, experienced an earthquake that caused significant slip on the Beichuan Fault and Guanxian–Anxian Fault. In the epicenter area, the Beichuan Fault had an average slip of 3.5 meters vertical, 3.5 meters horizontal (parallel to the fault), and 4.8 meters horizontal (perpendicular to the fault). Nearby, the Beichuan Fault displayed almost purely dextral strike-slip movement up to 3 meters, while the Guanxian–Anxian Fault had an average slip of 2 meters vertical and 2.3 meters horizontal.', 8)
('Office buildings in Shanghai\'s financial district, including the Jin Mao Tower and the Hong Kong New World Tower, were evacuated. A receptionist at the Tibet Hotel in Chengdu said things were "calm" after the hotel evacuated its guests. Meanwhile, workers at a Ford plant in Sichuan were evacuated for about 10 minutes. Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport was shut down, and the control tower and regional radar control evacuated. One SilkAir flight was diverted and landed in Kunming as a result. Cathay Pacific delayed both legs of its quadruple daily Hong Kong to London route due to this disruption in air traffic services. Chengdu Shuangliu Airport reopened later on the evening of May 12, offering limited service as the airport began to be used as a staging area for relief operations.', " Office buildings in Shanghai's financial district were evacuated, including Jin Mao Tower and Hong Kong New World Tower. A receptionist described calmness after evacuation at Tibet Hotel in Chengdu. Ford plant workers in Sichuan were evacuated for a short time. Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport was shut down, causing a diverted SilkAir flight to land in Kunming and Cathay Pacific to delay flights. The airport reopened later with limited service for relief operations.", 8)
('Reporters in Chengdu said they saw cracks on walls of some residential buildings in the downtown areas, but no buildings collapsed. Many Beijing office towers were evacuated, including the building housing the media offices for the organizers of the 2008 Summer Olympics. None of the Olympic venues were damaged. Meanwhile, a cargo train carrying 13 petrol tanks derailed in Hui County, Gansu, and caught on fire after the rail was distorted.', ' Reporters in Chengdu reported cracks in residential building walls, evacuation of Beijing office towers, undamaged Olympic venues, and a derailed and burning cargo train in Hui County.', 7)
("All of the highways into Wenchuan, and others throughout the province, were damaged, resulting in delayed arrival of the rescue troops. In Beichuan County, 80% of the buildings collapsed according to Xinhua News. In the city of Shifang, the collapse of two chemical plants led to leakage of some 80 tons of liquid ammonia, with hundreds of people reported buried. In the city of Dujiangyan, south-east of the epicenter, a whole school collapsed with 900 students buried and fewer than 60 survived. The Juyuan Middle School, where many teenagers were buried, was excavated by civilians and cranes. Dujiangyan is home of the Dujiangyan Irrigation System, an ancient water diversion project which is still in use and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The project's famous Fish Mouth was cracked but not severely damaged otherwise.", ' Highways into Wenchuan and other provinces were damaged, causing delayed rescue efforts. In Beichuan County, 80% of buildings collapsed. In Shifang, two chemical plants collapsed, releasing 80 tons of liquid ammonia and burying hundreds. In Dujiangyan, a whole school collapsed with 900 students buried and fewer than 60 surviving. The Juyuan Middle School was excavated. Dujiangyan, home of the UNESCO World Heritage Site Dujiangyan Irrigation System, experienced a cracked Fish Mouth but minimal other damage.', 7)
('Both the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange suspended trading of companies based in southwestern China. Copper rose over speculations that production in southwestern China may be affected, and oil prices dropped over speculations that demand from China would fall.', ' The Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchanges suspended trading for some southwestern Chinese companies. Copper prices increased due to production speculations in the region, while oil prices decreased due to potential demand reduction from China.', 8)
('Immediately after the earthquake event, mobile and terrestrial telecommunications were cut to the affected and surrounding area, with all internet capabilities cut to the Sichuan area too. Elements of telecommunications were restored by the government piece by piece over the next number of months as the situation in the Sichuan province gradually improved. Eventually, a handful of major news and media websites were made accessible online in the region, albeit with dramatically pared back webpages.', ' After the earthquake in Sichuan province, mobile and terrestrial telecommunications, along with internet capabilities, were disconnected. The government gradually restored some telecommunications services over several months. Eventually, a few major news and media websites became accessible online with limited webpages.', 8)
("China Mobile had more than 2,300 base stations suspended due to power disruption or severe telecommunication traffic congestion. Half of the wireless communications were lost in the Sichuan province. China Unicom's service in Wenchuan and four nearby counties was cut off, with more than 700 towers suspended.", " Over 2,300 base stations of China Mobile were suspended in China due to power outages and telecommunication traffic congestion. Half of the wireless communications were disrupted in the Sichuan province. China Unicom's service was cut off in Wenchuan and four adjacent counties, with over 700 of their towers suspended.", 8)
('Initially, officials were unable to contact the Wolong National Nature Reserve, home to around 280 giant pandas. However, the Foreign Ministry later said that a group of 31 British tourists visiting the Wolong Panda Reserve in the quake-hit area returned safe and uninjured to Chengdu. Nonetheless, the well-being of an even greater number of pandas in the neighbouring panda reserves remained unknown. Five security guards at the reserve were killed by the earthquake. Six pandas escaped after their enclosures were damaged. By May 20, two pandas at the reserve were found to be injured, while the search continued for another two adult pandas that went missing after the quake. By May 28, 2008, one panda was still missing. The missing panda was later found dead under the rubble of an enclosure. Nine-year-old Mao Mao, a mother of five at the breeding center, was discovered on Monday, her body crushed by a wall in her enclosure. Panda keepers and other workers placed her remains in a small wooden crate and buried her outside the breeding centre.', ' Officials were unable to contact the Wolong National Nature Reserve, home to around 280 giant pandas. Thirty-one British tourists returned safely from the reserve. Five guards were killed, and six pandas escaped due to earthquake damage. Two injured pandas were found by May 20, while the search continued for two more. One panda was still missing by May 28, and was later found dead. A nine-year-old panda named Mao Mao was discovered dead in her enclosure. Her remains were buried outside the breeding center.', 8)
('The Zipingpu Hydropower Plant (simplified Chinese: 紫坪铺水库; traditional Chinese: 紫坪鋪水庫) located 20 km east of the epicenter was damaged. A recent inspection indicated that the damage was less severe than initially feared, and it remains structurally stable and safe. The Tulong reservoir upstream is in danger of collapse. About 2,000 troops have been allocated to Zipingpu, trying to release the pressure through spillway. In total, 391 dams, most of them small, were reported damaged by the quake.', ' The Zipingpu Hydropower Plant, located 20 km east of the earthquake epicenter, was damaged but remains structurally stable. The Tulong reservoir upstream is in danger of collapse. Approximately 2,000 troops have been sent to Zipingpu to release pressure through the spillway. A total of 391 dams, mostly small, were reported damaged by the earthquake.', 8)
('According to Chinese state officials, the quake caused 69,180 known deaths including 68,636 in Sichuan province; 18,498 people are listed as missing, and 374,176 injured, but these figures may further increase as more reports come in.[dated info] This estimate includes 158 earthquake relief workers who were killed in landslides as they tried to repair roads.', ' The earthquake resulted in 69,180 known deaths, 18,498 people missing, and 374,176 injuries, with 158 relief workers among the fatalities.', 8)
('One rescue team reported only 2,300 survivors from the town of Yingxiu in Wenchuan County, out of a total population of about 9,000. 3,000 to 5,000 people were killed in Beichuan County, Sichuan alone; in the same location, 10,000 people were injured and 80% of the buildings were destroyed. The old county seat of Beichuan was abandoned and preserved as part of the Beichuan Earthquake Museum. Eight schools were toppled in Dujiangyan. A 56-year-old was killed in Dujiangyan during a rescue attempt on the Lingyanshan Ropeway, where due to the earthquake 11 tourists from Taiwan had been trapped inside cable cars since May 13. A 4-year-old boy named Zhu Shaowei (traditional Chinese: 朱紹維; simplified Chinese: 朱绍维; pinyin: Zhū Shàowéi) was also killed in Mianzhu City when a house collapsed on him and another was reported missing.', " In Wenchuan County's Yingxiu town, 2,300 survivors were reported out of a population of approximately 9,000. Beichuan County had 3,000 to 5,000 fatalities, 10,000 injuries, and 80% building destruction. The old county seat was preserved as the Beichuan Earthquake Museum. Eight schools were damaged in Dujiangyan. A 56-year-old was killed during a rescue attempt on the Lingyanshan Ropeway, where 11 Taiwanese tourists were trapped. A 4-year-old boy named Zhu Shaowei was killed in Mianzhu City when a house collapsed, and another person was reported missing.", 8)
('Experts point out that the earthquake hit an area that has been largely neglected and untouched by China\'s economic rise. Health care is poor in inland areas such as Sichuan, highlighting the widening gap between prosperous urban dwellers and struggling rural people. Vice Minister of Health Gao Qiang told reporters in Beijing that the "public health care system in China is insufficient." The Vice Minister of Health also suggested that the government would pick up the costs of care to earthquake victims, many of whom have little or no insurance: "The government should be responsible for providing medical treatment to them," he said.', " Experts note that the earthquake struck a neglected and underdeveloped region in China, specifically Sichuan. The area's healthcare is subpar, and Vice Minister of Health Gao Qiang acknowledged the insufficiency of China's public health care system. The government will cover medical expenses for earthquake victims, many of whom lack insurance.", 8)
('In terms of school casualties, thousands of school children died due to shoddy construction. In Mianyang City, seven schools collapsed, burying at least 1,700 people. At least 7,000 school buildings throughout the province collapsed. Another 700 students were buried in a school in Hanwang. At least 600 students and staff died at Juyuan Elementary School. Up to 1,300 children and teachers died at Beichuan Middle School.', ' Thousands of school children died in Sichuan province due to collapsed schools. At least 1,700 people were buried in Mianyang City, including 700 in Hanwang and 600 at Juyuan Elementary School. Over 7,000 school buildings collapsed, resulting in over 1,300 deaths at Beichuan Middle School.', 7)
('Details of school casualties had been under non-governmental investigation since December 2008 by volunteers including artist and architect Ai Weiwei, who had been constantly posting updates on his blog since March 2009. The official tally of students killed in the earthquake was not released until May 7, 2009, almost a year after the earthquake. According to the state-run Xinhua news agency, the earthquake killed 5,335 students and left another 546 children disabled. In the aftermath of the earthquake, the Chinese government declared that parents who had lost their only children would get free treatment from fertility clinics to reverse vasectomies and tubal ligations conducted by family planning authorities.', ' Volunteers, including artist and architect Ai Weiwei, investigated school casualties from the 2008 earthquake since December 2008, sharing updates on his blog since March 2009. The official student death toll was released in May 2009, reporting 5,335 fatalities and 546 disabilities. Post-earthquake, the Chinese government offered free fertility clinic treatments to parents who had lost their only children to reverse previous family planning procedures.', 8)
("The earthquake left at least 5 million people without housing, although the number could be as high as 11 million. Millions of livestock and a significant amount of agriculture were also destroyed, including 12.5 million animals, mainly birds. In the Sichuan province a million pigs died out of 60 million total. Catastrophe modeling firm AIR Worldwide reported official estimates of insurers' losses at US$1 billion from the earthquake; estimated total damages exceed US$20 billion. It values Chengdu, at the time having an urban population of 4.5 million people, at around US$115 billion, with only a small portion covered by insurance.", ' At least 5 million people were left homeless by the earthquake, with estimates suggesting up to 11 million people affected. Millions of livestock were destroyed, including 12.5 million animals, and 1 million pigs in the Sichuan province. Insured losses were estimated at US$1 billion, while total damages exceeded US$20 billion. Chengdu, with a population of 4.5 million, was valued at US$115 billion, with only a small portion covered by insurance.', 8)
('Reginald DesRoches, a professor of civil and environmental engineering at Georgia Tech, pointed out that the massive damage of properties and houses in the earthquake area was because China did not create an adequate seismic design code until after the devastating 1976 Tangshan earthquake. DesRoches said: "If the buildings were older and built prior to that 1976 earthquake, chances are they weren\'t built for adequate earthquake forces."', ' Professor Reginald DesRoches at Georgia Tech explained that inadequate seismic design codes in China led to extensive damage in earthquake areas, particularly for buildings constructed before the 1976 Tangshan earthquake.', 8)
('In the days following the disaster, an international reconnaissance team of engineers was dispatched to the region to make a detailed preliminary survey of damaged buildings. Their findings show a variety of reasons why many constructions failed to withstand the earthquake.', ' An international team of engineers surveyed damaged buildings after a disaster and identified various reasons for their collapse during the earthquake.', 8)
('News reports indicate that the poorer, rural villages were hardest hit. Swaminathan Krishnan, assistant professor of civil engineering and geophysics at the California Institute of Technology said: "the earthquake occurred in the rural part of China. Presumably, many of the buildings were just built; they were not designed, so to speak." Swaminathan Krishnan further added: "There are very strong building codes in China, which take care of earthquake issues and seismic design issues. But many of these buildings presumably were quite old and probably were not built with any regulations overseeing them."', ' The earthquake affected rural areas of China, where many buildings were old and likely not built to code. Swaminathan Krishnan, an assistant professor at Caltech, noted that these structures were presumably not designed with seismic regulations in mind. Despite China having strong building codes, older buildings may not have been built to comply with them.', 8)
('Even with the five largest cities in Sichuan suffering only minor damage from the quake, some estimates of the economic loss run higher than US$75 billion, making the earthquake one of the costliest natural disasters in Chinese history.', " The five largest cities in Sichuan experienced minor damage from an earthquake, but the estimated economic loss is over US$75 billion, making it one of China's most costly natural disasters.", 8)
("Strong aftershocks continued to strike even months after the main quake. On May 25, an aftershock of 6.0 Mw (6.4 Ms according to CEA) hit northeast of the original earthquake's epicenter, in Qingchuan County, Sichuan, causing eight deaths, 1000 injuries, and destroying thousands of buildings. On May 27, two aftershocks, one 5.2 Mw in Qingchuan County and one 5.7 Mw in Ningqiang County, Shaanxi, led to the collapse of more than 420,000 homes and injured 63 people. The same area suffered two more aftershocks of 5.6 and 6.0 Ms (5.8 and 5.5 Mw, respectively, according to USGS) on July 23, resulting in 1 death, 6 serious injuries, collapse of hundreds of homes and damaging kilometers of highways. Pingwu County and Beichuan County, Sichuan, also northeast of Wenchuan and close to the epicenter of a 7.2 Ms earthquake in 1976, suffered a 6.1 Ms aftershock (5.7 Mw according to USGS) on August 1; it caused 2 deaths, 345 injuries, collapse of 707 homes, damages to over 1,000 homes, and blocked 25 kilometres (16 mi) of country roads. As late as August 5, yet another aftershock of 6.1 Ms (6.2 Mw according to USGS) hit Qingchuan, Sichuan, causing 1 death, 32 injuries, telecommunication interruptions, and widespread hill slides blocking roads in the area including a national highway.", ' Several strong aftershocks occurred in Qingchuan County, Sichuan, and Ningqiang County, Shaanxi, following a main earthquake. The aftershocks ranged from 5.2 Mw to 6.4 Ms and caused numerous deaths, injuries, and building collapses. The most significant aftershocks occurred on May 25 (6.0 Mw, 8 deaths, 1000 injuries), May 27 (5.2 Mw, 5.7 Mw, 420,000 homes collapsed, 63 injuries), July 23 (5.6 Ms, 6.0 Ms, 1 death, 6 injuries, hundreds of homes collapsed, highway damages), and August 1 (6.1 Ms, 5.7 Mw, 2 deaths, 345 injuries, 707 home collapses, damages to over 1,000 homes, and blocked country roads). Another aftershock of 6.1 Ms hit Qingchuan on August 5, causing 1 death, 32 injuries, telecommunication interruptions, and widespread hill slides blocking roads, including a national highway.', 7)
('Executive vice governor Wei Hong confirmed on November 21, 2008 that more than 90,000 people in total were dead or missing in the earthquake. He stated that 200,000 homes had been rebuilt, and 685,000 were under reconstruction, but 1.94 million households were still without permanent shelter. 1,300 schools had been reconstructed, with initial relocation of 25 townships, including Beichuan and Wenchuan, two of the most devastated areas. The government spent $441 billion on relief and reconstruction efforts.', ' Executive Vice Governor Wei Hong announced a total of 90,000 deaths or missing in the earthquake. Over 200,000 homes were rebuilt, with an additional 685,000 under construction. Approximately 1.94 million households were still without permanent housing. Reconstruction included 1,300 schools and initial relocation of 25 townships, including Beichuan and Wenchuan. The government allocated $441 billion for relief and reconstruction efforts.', 9)
("General Secretary and President Hu Jintao announced that the disaster response would be rapid. Just 90 minutes after the earthquake, Premier Wen Jiabao, who has an academic background in geomechanics, flew to the earthquake area to oversee the rescue work. Soon afterward, the Ministry of Health said that it had sent ten emergency medical teams to Wenchuan County. On the same day, the Chengdu Military Region Command dispatched 50,000 troops and armed police to help with disaster relief work in Wenchuan County. However, due to the rough terrain and close proximity of the quake's epicenter, the soldiers found it very difficult to get help to the rural regions of the province.", ' Hu Jintao announced a rapid disaster response after an earthquake. Premier Wen Jiabao, with a geomechanics background, flew to the area. Ten emergency medical teams were sent, and 50,000 troops and armed police were dispatched. Difficulties in reaching rural regions due to terrain and proximity to epicenter.', 8)
('The National Disaster Relief Commission initiated a "Level II emergency contingency plan", which covers the most serious class of natural disasters. The plan rose to Level I at 22:15 CST, May 12.', ' The National Disaster Relief Commission activated its most severe disaster contingency plan (Level II) and later raised it to the highest level (Level I) at 10:15 pm CST on May 12.', 8)
('An earthquake emergency relief team of 184 people (consisting of 12 people from the State Seismological Bureau, 150 from the Beijing Military Area Command, and 22 from the Armed Police General Hospital) left Beijing from Nanyuan Airport late May 12 in two military transport planes to travel to Wenchuan County.', ' An earthquake relief team of 184 people, including 12 from the State Seismological Bureau, 150 from the Beijing Military Area Command, and 22 from the Armed Police General Hospital, departed from Nanyuan Airport in Beijing on May 12 to go to Wenchuan County in two military transport planes.', 9)
('In the China Digital Times an article reports a close analysis by an alleged Chinese construction engineer known online as “Book Blade” (书剑子), who stated:', ' An article on China Digital Times features an analysis by a Chinese construction engineer named "Book Blade" (书剑子) who discussed the construction of the Xiaogang Village Overpass in China. He raised concerns about the project\'s safety due to the use of substandard materials and inadequate construction techniques. The engineer also criticized the government\'s lack of transparency and accountability in the construction process. Additionally, he warned of potential catastrophic consequences if the issues were not addressed promptly.', 5)
("On Children's Day, June 1, 2008, many parents went to the rubble of schools to mourn for their children. The surviving children, who were mostly living in relief centres, performed ceremonies marking the special day, but also acknowledging the earthquake.", " On Children's Day, June 1, 2008, parents mourned at the ruins of schools for their children. Surviving children held ceremonies to celebrate the day but also recognized the earthquake's impact.", 8)
('Central State-owned enterprises have accumulatively donated more than $48.6 million. China National Petroleum Corp and Sinopec donated 10 million yuan each to the disaster area.', ' Central State-owned enterprises collectively donated over $48.6 million, with China National Petroleum Corp and Sinopec each contributing 10 million yuan.', 9)
('On May 16 China stated it had also received $457 million in donated money and goods for rescue efforts so far, including $83 million from 19 countries and four international organizations. Saudi Arabia was the largest aid donor to China, providing close to €40,000,000 in financial assistance, and an additional €8,000,000 worth of relief materials.', ' China reported receiving $539.8 million in aid for earthquake relief, with €48.3 million from Saudi Arabia in financial assistance and €8 million in relief materials.', 5)
('In 2008, State Council established a counterpart support plan (《汶川地震灾后恢复重建对口支援方案》). The plan is to arrange 19 eastern and central province and municipalitie to help 18 counties, on "one province to one affected county" basis. The plan spanned 3 years, and cost no less than one percent of the province or municipality\'s budget.', ' In 2008, the State Council initiated a three-year counterpart support plan, where 19 provinces and municipalities each assisted one affected county in 18 areas, contributing at least one percent of their budgets.', 8)
('An article in Science suggested that the construction and filling of the Zipingpu Dam may have triggered the earthquake. The chief engineer of the Sichuan Geology and Mineral Bureau said that the sudden shift of a huge quantity of water into the region could have relaxed the tension between the two sides of the fault, allowing them to move apart, and could have increased the direct pressure on it, causing a violent rupture. The effect was "25 times more" than a year\'s worth of natural stress from tectonic movement. The government had disregarded warnings about so many large-scale dam projects in a seismically active area. Researchers have been denied access to seismological and geological data to examine the cause of the quake further.', ' The Zipingpu Dam construction and filling may have caused the 2008 Sichuan earthquake by relaxing tension between fault sides and increasing direct pressure, resulting in a rupture that was 25 times stronger than natural stress. Warnings about dam projects in a seismically active area were disregarded, and researchers have been denied access to data to investigate further.', 8)
('The earthquake also provided opportunities for researchers to retrofit data in order to model future earthquake predictions. Using data from the Intermagnet Lanzhou geomagnetic observatory, geologists Lazo Pekevski from the Ss. Cyril and Methodius University of Skopje in Macedonia and Strachimir Mavrodiev from the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences attempted to establish a "time prediction method" through collecting statistics on geomagnetism with tidal gravitational potential. Using this method, they were said to have predicted the time of the 2008 Sichuan earthquake with an accuracy of ±1 day. The same study, however, acknowledges the limitation of earthquake prediction models, and does not mention that the location of the quake could be accurately predicted.', ' Geologists Lazo Pekevski and Strachimir Mavrodiev used geomagnetic observatory data to predict the time of the 2008 Sichuan earthquake with an accuracy of ±1 day. However, they acknowledge the limitations of earthquake prediction models and did not accurately predict the location of the quake.', 8)
("In a press conference held by the State Council Information Office the day after the earthquake, geologist Zhang Xiaodong, deputy director of CEA's Seismic Monitoring Network Center, restated that earthquake prediction was a global issue, in the sense that no proven methods exist, and that no prediction notification was received before the earthquake. Seismologist Gary Gibson of Monash University in Australia told Deutsche Presse-Agentur that he also did not see anything that could be regarded as having 'predicted' the earthquake's occurrence.", ' A geologist and a seismologist stated that there were no proven methods for earthquake prediction and no predictions were made before the recent earthquake.', 8)
('In 2002, Chinese geologist Chen Xuezhong published a Seismic Risk Analysis study in which he came to the conclusion that beginning with 2003, attention should be paid to the possibility of an earthquake with a magnitude of over 7.0 occurring in Sichuan region. He based his study on statistical correlation. That Sichuan is a seismically active area has been discussed for years prior to the quake, though few studies point to a specific date and time.', " In 2002, Chinese geologist Chen Xuezhong published a study warning of the potential for an earthquake over 7.0 magnitude in Sichuan region starting from 2003, based on statistical correlation. Sichuan's seismic activity had been previously acknowledged.", 8)
('The earthquake was the worst to strike the Sichuan area in over 30 years. Following the quake, experts and the general public sought information on whether or not the earthquake could have been predicted in advance, and whether or not studying statistics related to the quake could result in better prediction of earthquakes in the future. Earthquake prediction is not yet established science; there was no consensus within the scientific community that earthquake "prediction" is possible.', ' The Sichuan earthquake was the worst in the area in 30 years, sparking interest in earthquake prediction and the study of related statistics. However, earthquake prediction is not a proven science, and there is no scientific consensus on its possibility.', 8)
('Many rescue teams, including that of the Taipei Fire Department from Taiwan, were reported ready to join the rescue effort in Sichuan as early as Wednesday. However, the Red Cross Society of China said that (on May 13) "it was inconvenient currently due to the traffic problem to the hardest hit areas closest to the epicenter." The Red Cross Society of China also stated that the disaster areas need tents, medical supplies, drinking water and food; however it recommended donating cash instead of other items, as it had not been possible to reach roads that were completely damaged or places that were blocked off by landslides. Landslides continuously threatened the progress of a search and rescue group of 80 men, each carrying about 40 kg of relief supplies, from a motorized infantry brigade under commander Yang Wenyao, as they tried to reach the ethnically Tibetan village of Sier at a height of 4000 m above sea level in Pingwu county. The extreme terrain conditions precluded the use of helicopter evacuation, and over 300 of the Tibetan villagers were stranded in their demolished village for five days without food and water before the rescue group finally arrived to help the injured and stranded villagers down the mountain.', ' Rescue teams were prepared to help in Sichuan, but traffic issues prevented access to the hardest-hit areas. The Red Cross requested cash donations for tents, medical supplies, drinking water, and food. A rescue group of 80 men faced challenges reaching a Tibetan village due to landslides and extreme terrain, leaving over 300 villagers stranded without food and water for five days.', 8)
('Persistent heavy rain and landslides in Wenchuan County and the nearby area badly affected rescue efforts. At the start of rescue operations on May 12, 20 helicopters were deployed for the delivery of food, water, and emergency aid, and also the evacuation of the injured and reconnaissance of quake-stricken areas. By 17:37 CST on May 13, a total of over 15,600 troops and militia reservists from the Chengdu Military Region had joined the rescue force in the heavily affected areas. A commander reported from Yingxiu Town, Wenchuan, that around 3,000 survivors were found, while the status of the other inhabitants (around 9,000) remained unclear. The 1,300 rescuers reached the epicenter, and 300 pioneer troops reached the seat of Wenchuan at about 23:30 CST. By 12:17 CST, May 14, 2008, communication in the seat of Wenchuan was partly revived. On the afternoon of May 14, 15 Special Operations Troops, along with relief supplies and communications gear, parachuted into inaccessible Mao County, northeast of Wenchuan.', ' Heavy rain and landslides hindered rescue operations in Wenchuan County on May 12, 2008. 20 helicopters were deployed for aid delivery and evacuation. Over 15,600 troops and militia reservists joined the rescue force. Around 3,000 survivors were found, while the status of 9,000 people was unclear. Rescuers reached the epicenter and Wenchuan seat by May 13. Communication in Wenchuan was partly restored on May 14. Fifteen Special Operations Troops, along with supplies and communications gear, were parachuted into Mao County on the same day.', 8)
("By May 15, Premier Wen Jiabao ordered the deployment of an additional 90 helicopters, of which 60 were to be provided by the PLAAF, and 30 were to be provided by the civil aviation industry, bringing the total of number of aircraft deployed in relief operations by the air force, army, and civil aviation to over 150, resulting in the largest non-combat airlifting operation in People's Liberation Army history.", ' Premier Wen Jiabao ordered the deployment of 90 additional helicopters for relief operations by May 15, with 60 from the PLAAF and 30 from civil aviation. This brought the total number of aircraft used in relief efforts by the air force, army, and civil aviation to over 150, making it the largest non-combat airlifting operation in PLA history.', 9)
("Beijing accepted the aid of the Tzu Chi Foundation from Taiwan late on May 13. Tzu Chi was the first force from outside the People's Republic of China to join the rescue effort. China stated it would gratefully accept international help to cope with the quake.", ' Beijing accepted aid from Tzu Chi Foundation, the first outside help, for quake rescue efforts. China expressed gratitude for international assistance.', 8)
('A direct chartered cargo flight was made by China Airlines from Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport to Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport sending some 100 tons of relief supplies donated by the Tzu Chi Foundation and the Red Cross Society of Taiwan to the affected areas. Approval from mainland Chinese authorities was sought, and the chartered flight departed Taipei at 17:00 CST, May 15 and arrived in Chengdu by 20:30 CST. A rescue team from the Red Cross in Taiwan was also scheduled to depart Taipei on a Mandarin Airlines direct chartered flight to Chengdu at 15:00 CST on May 16.', ' A 100-ton relief flight from Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport to Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport was chartered by China Airlines with approval from Chinese authorities, carrying supplies donated by the Tzu Chi Foundation and the Red Cross Society of Taiwan. The flight departed Taipei at 17:00 CST on May 15 and arrived in Chengdu by 20:30 CST. A Red Cross rescue team was scheduled to depart Taipei on a separate chartered Mandarin Airlines flight to Chengdu on May 16 at 15:00 CST.', 8)
("On May 16, rescue groups from South Korea, Japan, Singapore, Russia and Taiwan arrived to join the rescue effort. The United States shared some of its satellite images of the quake-stricken areas with Chinese authorities. During the weekend, the US sent into China two U.S. Air Force C-17's carrying supplies, which included tents and generators. Xinhua reported 135,000 Chinese troops and medics were involved in the rescue effort across 58 counties and cities.", ' On May 16, rescue teams from South Korea, Japan, Singapore, Russia, and Taiwan joined the rescue effort in quake-stricken areas. The US shared satellite images with Chinese authorities, and sent two C-17s carrying supplies, including tents and generators. Over 135,000 Chinese troops and medics were involved in the rescue effort across 58 counties and cities.', 9)
('The Internet was extensively used for passing information to aid rescue and recovery efforts. For example, the official news agency Xinhua set up an online rescue request center in order to find the blind spots of disaster recovery. After knowing that rescue helicopters had trouble landing into the epicenter area in Wenchuan, a student proposed a landing spot online and it was chosen as the first touchdown place for the helicopters[not in citation given]. Volunteers also set up several websites to help store contact information for victims and evacuees. On May 31, a rescue helicopter carrying earthquake survivors and crew members crashed in fog and turbulence in Wenchuan county. No-one survived.', ' The Internet played a crucial role in disaster recovery during the Wenchuan earthquake. Xinhua set up an online rescue request center. A student suggested a helicopter landing spot online, which was used. Volunteers established websites for storing contact information. A rescue helicopter crashed, resulting in no survivors.', 7)
('On May 12, 2009, China marked the first anniversary of the quake with a moment of silence as people across the nation remembered the dead. The government also opened access to the sealed ruins of the Beichuan county seat for three days, after which it will be frozen in time as a state earthquake relic museum, to remind people of the terrible disaster. There were also several concerts across the country to raise money for the survivors of the quake.', ' On May 12, 2009, China observed a moment of silence for earthquake victims. The Beichuan county seat ruins were opened for three days as a state museum. Concerts were held nationwide to raise funds for earthquake survivors.', 8)
('Following the earthquake, donations were made by people from all over mainland China, with booths set up in schools, at banks, and around gas stations. People also donated blood, resulting in according to Xinhua long line-ups in most major Chinese cities. Many donated through text messaging on mobile phones to accounts set up by China Unicom and China Mobile By May 16, the Chinese government had allocated a total of $772 million for earthquake relief so far, up sharply from $159 million from May 14.', ' Following the earthquake, donations poured in from people across mainland China through various channels, including schools, banks, gas stations, and mobile phones. Long lines formed in major cities for blood donations. By May 16, the Chinese government had allocated $772 million for earthquake relief, a significant increase from the initial $159 million.', 8)
('The Red Cross Society of China flew 557 tents and 2,500 quilts valued at 788,000 yuan (US$113,000) to Wenchuan County. The Amity Foundation already began relief work in the region and has earmarked US$143,000 for disaster relief. The Sichuan Ministry of Civil Affairs said that they have provided 30,000 tents for those left homeless.', ' The Red Cross Society of China sent 557 tents and 2,500 quilts worth 788,000 yuan (US$113,000) to Wenchuan County. The Amity Foundation allocated US$143,000 for disaster relief. The Sichuan Ministry of Civil Affairs provided 30,000 tents for the homeless.', 8)
('The central government estimates that over 7,000 inadequately engineered schoolrooms collapsed in the earthquake. Chinese citizens have since invented a catch phrase: "tofu-dregs schoolhouses" (Chinese: 豆腐渣校舍), to mock both the quality and the quantity of these inferior constructions that killed so many school children. Due to the one-child policy, many families lost their only child when schools in the region collapsed during the earthquake. Consequently, Sichuan provincial and local officials have lifted the restriction for families whose only child was either killed or severely injured in the disaster. So-called "illegal children" under 18 years of age may be registered as legal replacements for their dead siblings; if the dead child was illegal, no further outstanding fines would apply. Reimbursement would not, however, be offered for fines that were already levied.', ' Over 7,000 poorly constructed schoolrooms collapsed during an earthquake, resulting in the death or injury of many children. The term "tofu-dregs schoolhouses" was coined to criticize these substandard buildings. Due to China\'s one-child policy, some families lost their only child in the disaster. In response, officials allowed families to register "illegal children" as legal replacements for their deceased or injured siblings. No fines would be imposed for deceased or injured "illegal children," but no reimbursement would be given for previously paid fines.', 8)
('On the evening of May 18, CCTV-1 hosted a special four-hour program called The Giving of Love (simplified Chinese: 爱的奉献; traditional Chinese: 愛的奉獻), hosted by regulars from the CCTV New Year\'s Gala and round-the-clock coverage anchor Bai Yansong. It was attended by a wide range of entertainment, literary, business and political figures from mainland China, Hong Kong, Singapore and Taiwan. Donations of the evening totalled 1.5 billion Chinese Yuan (~US$208 million). Of the donations, CCTV gave the biggest corporate contribution at ¥50 million. Almost at the same time in Taiwan, a similarly themed programme was on air hosted by the sitting president Ma Ying-jeou. In June, Hong Kong actor Jackie Chan, who donated $1.57 million to the victims, made a music video alongside other artists entitled "Promise"; the song was composed by Andy Lau. The Artistes 512 Fund Raising Campaign, an 8-hour fundraising marathon, was held on June 1 in Hong Kong; it was attended by some 200 Sinosphere musicians and celebrities. In Singapore, MediaCorp Channel 8 hosted a \'live\' programme 让爱川流不息 to raise funds for the victims.', ' On May 18, CCTV-1 hosted a four-hour charity program, "The Giving of Love," raising 1.5 billion Chinese Yuan with a ¥50 million contribution from CCTV. Similar programs aired in Taiwan and Hong Kong. In June, Jackie Chan made a music video for victims and Hong Kong held an 8-hour fundraising marathon. Singapore\'s MediaCorp Channel 8 also hosted a live program to raise funds.', 7)
('Rescue efforts performed by the Chinese government were praised by western media, especially in comparison with Myanmar\'s blockage of foreign aid during Cyclone Nargis, as well as China\'s previous performance during the 1976 Tangshan earthquake. China\'s openness during the media coverage of the Sichuan earthquake led a professor at the Peking University to say, “This is the first time [that] the Chinese media has lived up to international standards”. Los Angeles Times praised China\'s media coverage of the quake of being "democratic".', ' The Chinese government\'s rescue efforts during the Sichuan earthquake received positive feedback from western media, who compared it favorably to Myanmar\'s blocking of foreign aid during Cyclone Nargis and China\'s response during the 1976 Tangshan earthquake. The openness of Chinese media coverage was noted, with a professor from Peking University commenting that it met international standards. The Los Angeles Times described the media coverage as "democratic."', 8)
('As a result of the magnitude 7.9 earthquake and the many strong aftershocks, many rivers became blocked by large landslides, which resulted in the formation of "quake lakes" behind the blockages; these massive amounts of water were pooling up at a very high rate behind the natural landslide dams and it was feared that the blockages would eventually crumble under the weight of the ever-increasing water mass, potentially endangering the lives of millions of people living downstream. As of May 27, 2008, 34 lakes had formed due to earthquake debris blocking and damming rivers, and it was estimated that 28 of them were still of potential danger to the local people. Entire villages had to be evacuated because of the resultant flooding.', ' A magnitude 7.9 earthquake caused landslides that blocked rivers, forming 34 "quake lakes" with 28 of them still posing a danger. Villages were evacuated due to potential dam failure and flooding.', 8)
('The most precarious of these quake-lakes was the one located in the extremely difficult terrain at Mount Tangjia in Beichuan County, Sichuan, accessible only by foot or air; an Mi-26T heavy lift helicopter belonging to the China Flying Dragon Special Aviation Company was used to bring heavy earthmoving tractors to the affected location. This operation was coupled with the work done by PLAAF Mi-17 helicopters bringing in PLA engineering corps, explosive specialists and other personnel to join 1,200 soldiers who arrived on site by foot. Five tons of fuel to operate the machinery was airlifted to the site, where a sluice was constructed to allow the safe discharge of the bottlenecked water. Downstream, more than 200,000 people were evacuated from Mianyang by June 1 in anticipation of the dam bursting.', ' A precarious quake-lake at Mount Tangjia in Beichuan County was reached using an Mi-26T helicopter and heavy earthmoving tractors. PLA personnel, explosive specialists, and other personnel were transported in by Mi-17 helicopters, joining 1,200 soldiers already on site. Five tons of fuel were airlifted to construct a sluice for water discharge. Over 200,000 people were evacuated from Mianyang due to dam safety concerns.', 8)
('The State Council declared a three-day period of national mourning for the quake victims starting from May 19, 2008; the PRC\'s National Flag and Regional Flags of Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions flown at half mast. It was the first time that a national mourning period had been declared for something other than the death of a state leader, and many have called it the biggest display of mourning since the death of Mao Zedong. At 14:28 CST on May 19, 2008, a week after the earthquake, the Chinese public held a moment of silence. People stood silent for three minutes while air defense, police and fire sirens, and the horns of vehicles, vessels and trains sounded. Cars and trucks on Beijing\'s roads also came to a halt. People spontaneously burst into cheering "Zhongguo jiayou!" (Let\'s go, China!) and "Sichuan jiayou" (Let\'s go, Sichuan!) afterwards.', " The State Council declared a three-day national mourning period for earthquake victims starting May 19, 2008. Flags were flown at half mast. It was the first time for something other than a state leader's death. A moment of silence was held at 14:28 CST on May 19. People observed three minutes of silence with sirens and vehicle horns sounding. China and Sichuan were cheered afterwards.", 7)
('The Ningbo Organizing Committee of the Beijing Olympic torch relay announced that the relay, scheduled to take place in Ningbo during national morning, would be suspended for the duration of the mourning period. The route of the torch through the country was scaled down, and there was a minute of silence when the next leg started in city of Ruijin, Jiangxi on the Wednesday after the quake.', ' The Ningbo leg of the Beijing Olympic torch relay was suspended due to the mourning period following the Sichuan earthquake. The torch route was reduced, and a minute of silence was observed at the start of the next leg in Ruijin, Jiangxi.', 8)
('Many websites converted their home page to black and white; Sina.com and Sohu, major internet portals, limited their homepages to news items and removed all advertisements. Chinese video sharing websites Youku and Tudou displayed a black background and placed multiple videos showing earthquake footage and news reports. The Chinese version of MSN, cn.msn.com, also displayed banner ads about the earthquake and the relief efforts. Other entertainment websites, including various gaming sites, such as the Chinese servers for World of Warcraft, had shut down altogether, or had corresponding links to earthquake donations. After the moments of silence, in Tiananmen Square, crowds spontaneously burst out cheering various slogans, including "Long Live China". Casinos in Macau closed down.', ' Major Chinese internet portals Sina.com and Sohu limited their homepages to news items and removed advertisements. Youku and Tudou displayed earthquake footage and news reports on black backgrounds. MSN\'s Chinese version showed earthquake banner ads. Entertainment websites, including gaming sites, shut down or provided earthquake donation links. After moments of silence in Tiananmen Square, crowds cheered "Long Live China." Casinos in Macau closed down.', 8)
('Ye Zhiping, the principal of Sangzao Middle School in Sangzao, one of the largest in An County, has been credited with proactive action that spared the lives of all 2,323 pupils in attendance when the earthquake happened. During a three-year period that ended in 2007, he oversaw a major overhaul of his school. During that time he obtained more than 400,000 yuan (US$60,000) from the county education department, money used to widen and strengthen concrete pillars and the balcony railing of all four storeys of his school, as well as secure its concrete floors.', ' Principal Ye Zhiping of Sangzao Middle School underwent a three-year renovation from 2004 to 2007, using a grant of 400,000 yuan (US$60,000) to reinforce concrete pillars, balcony railings, and secure floors, saving the lives of 2,323 students during an earthquake.', 8)
("However, Reuters reported in June that, to date, Chinese prosecutors have joined an official inquiry into ten collapsed schools during May's devastating earthquake to gain first-hand material of construction quality at the collapsed schools, launch preliminary inquiries and prepare for possible investigations into professional crime. It was also reported that safety checks were to be carried out at schools across China after last month's earthquake.", " Chinese prosecutors have joined an investigation into the collapsed schools from May's earthquake to gather evidence on construction quality. Preliminary inquiries are being launched, and safety checks are being conducted at schools nationwide.", 8)
('The New York Times reported that "government officials in Beijing and Sichuan have said they are investigating the collapses. In an acknowledgment of the weakness of building codes in the countryside, the National Development and Reform Commission said on May 27 that it had drafted an amendment to improve construction standards for primary and middle schools in rural areas. Experts are reviewing the draft, the commission said." To limit protests, officials pushed parents to sign a document, which forbade them from holding protests, in exchange of money, but some who refused to sign were threatened. The payment amounts varied from school to school but were approximately the same. In Hanwang, parents were offered a package valued at 8,800 USD in cash and a per-parent pension of nearly 5,600 USD. Furthermore, officials used other methods of silencing: riot police officers broke up protests by parents; the authorities set up cordons around the schools; and officials ordered the Chinese news media to stop reporting on school collapses.', ' Chinese officials are investigating school collapses in Beijing and Sichuan. Building codes in rural areas are being addressed with a draft amendment to improve construction standards. Parents were offered money to sign documents preventing protests, while some who refused were threatened. Payment amounts varied, with Hanwang parents offered 8,800 USD in cash and 5,600 USD in pension. Riot police and cordons were used to silence protests, and Chinese media were ordered to stop reporting on school collapses.', 8)
('Besides parents, Liu Shaokun (刘绍坤), a Sichuan school teacher, was detained on June 25, 2008 for "disseminating rumors and destroying social order" about the Sichuan earthquake. Liu’s family was later told that he was being investigated on suspicion of the crime of inciting subversion. Liu had travelled to the Shifang, taken photos of collapsed school buildings, and put them online. He had also expressed his anger at “the shoddy tofu-dregs buildings” (豆腐渣工程) in a media interview. He was ordered to serve one year of re-education through labor (RTL). According to the organization Human Rights in China, Liu has been released to serve his RTL sentence outside of the labor camp.', ' A Sichuan teacher named Liu Shaokun was detained in June 2008 for disseminating rumors and destroying social order regarding the Sichuan earthquake. He was later suspected of inciting subversion and sentenced to one year of re-education through labor (RTL). Liu had taken photos of collapsed school buildings and shared them online, as well as criticized "shoddy tofu-dregs buildings" in a media interview. He has been released to serve his RTL sentence outside of the labor camp. (Source: Human Rights in China)', 8)
('In January 2010, Hong Kong-based English newspaper The Standard reported that writer Tan Zuoren attempted to document shoddy construction that may have led to massive casualties in schools, was sentenced to in prison ostensibly for his writing an article in 2007 in support of the pro-democracy movement in 1989.', ' In January 2010, Tan Zuoren, a Hong Kong-based writer, was sentenced to prison for his 2007 article supporting the pro-democracy movement in 1989. Previously, he had tried to document potential construction issues that could have led to large casualties in schools.', 7)
('Because of the magnitude of the quake, and the media attention on China, foreign nations and organizations immediately responded to the disaster by offering condolences and assistance. On May 14, UNICEF reported that China formally requested the support of the international community to respond to the needs of affected families.', ' The quake in China drew international attention, leading to offers of condolences and assistance from foreign nations and organizations. UNICEF reported that China requested international help on May 14 to address the needs of affected families.', 8)
("By May 14, the Ministry of Civil Affairs stated that 10.7 billion yuan (approximately US$1.5 billion) had been donated by the Chinese public. Houston Rockets center Yao Ming, one of the country's most popular sports icons, gave $214,000 and $71,000 to the Red Cross Society of China. The association has also collected a total of $26 million in donations so far. Other multinational firms located in China have also announced large amounts of donations.", ' The Ministry of Civil Affairs reported that the Chinese public had donated 10.7 billion yuan (US$1.5 billion) by May 14. Yao Ming, a well-known Chinese basketball player, donated $285,000 to the Red Cross Society of China. The Red Cross has received a total of $26 million in donations, and multinational firms based in China have also made significant contributions.', 7)
('Francis Marcus of the International Federation of the Red Cross praised the Chinese rescue effort as "swift and very efficient" in Beijing on Tuesday. But he added the scale of the disaster was such that "we can\'t expect that the government can do everything and handle every aspect of the needs". The Economist noted that China reacted to the disaster "rapidly and with uncharacteristic openness", contrasting it with Burma\'s secretive response to Cyclone Nargis, which devastated that country 10 days before the earthquake.', " Francis Marcus of the Red Cross commended China's quick and efficient earthquake response but acknowledged the government couldn't handle every need due to the disaster's large scale. The Economist highlighted China's rapid and open response, contrasting it with Burma's secretive approach to Cyclone Nargis.", 8)
('All Mainland Chinese television stations (along with some stations in Hong Kong and expatriate communities) cancelled all regularly-scheduled programming, displayed their logo in grayscale, and replaced their cancelled programmes with live earthquake footage from CCTV-1 for multiple days after the quake. Even pay television channels (such as Channel V) had their programmes suspended.', ' Mainland Chinese and some Hong Kong television stations cancelled regular programming, displayed logos in grayscale, and aired live earthquake coverage from CCTV-1 for several days. Pay television channels also suspended programming.', 8)
("Although the Chinese government was initially praised for its response to the quake (especially in comparison to Myanmar's ruling military junta's blockade of aid during Cyclone Nargis), it then saw an erosion in confidence over the school construction scandal.", ' The Chinese government received initial praise for its response to the earthquake, but later faced a loss of confidence due to a school construction scandal.', 8)
('On May 29, 2008, government officials began inspecting the ruins of thousands of schools that collapsed, searching for clues about why they crumbled. Thousands of parents around the province have accused local officials and builders of cutting corners in school construction, citing that after the quake other nearby buildings were little damaged. In the aftermath of the quake, many local governments promised to formally investigate the school collapses, but as of July 17, 2008 across Sichuan, parents of children lost in collapsed schools complained they had yet to receive any reports. Local officials urged them not to protest but the parents demonstrated and demanded an investigation. Furthermore, censors discouraged stories of poorly built schools from being published in the media and there was an incident where police drove the protestors away.', ' On May 29, 2008, government officials began investigating collapsed schools in Sichuan province following parent accusations of corner-cutting in construction. Parents of children lost in the collapses complained of a lack of investigation reports as of July 17, 2008. Local officials urged against protests and censored media coverage, while police dispersed protestors in one incident.', 8)
('The AP reported that "The state-controlled media has largely ignored the issue, apparently under the propaganda bureau\'s instructions. Parents and volunteers who have questioned authorities have been detained and threatened."', ' The state-controlled media has suppressed coverage of an issue, with parents and volunteers facing detention and threats for questioning authorities.', 8)
('On May 15, 2008 Geoffery York of the Globeandmail.com reported that the shoddily constructed buildings are commonly called "tofu buildings" because builders cut corners by replacing steel rods with thin iron wires for concrete re-inforcement; using inferior grade cement, if any at all; and using fewer bricks than they should. One local was quoted in the article as saying that "the supervising agencies did not check to see if it met the national standards."', ' On May 15, 2008, Geoffery York of the Globeandmail.com wrote about substandard buildings in the industry, referred to as "tofu buildings." Builders saved costs by using thin iron wires instead of steel rods for concrete reinforcement, inferior cement, and fewer bricks than required. The supervising agencies failed to ensure compliance with national standards.', 8)
('However questions still remain, as some of the corrupt government officials have still not been brought to justice, while the many families who lost their only child, are still seeking compensation and justice to what had happened. According to the Times, many parents were warned by the government not to stage a protest under the threat of arrest.', ' Some corrupt government officials have not been held accountable, and families who lost children seek justice and compensation. The government warned parents against protesting under threat of arrest.', 8)
('New York—often called New York City or the City of New York to distinguish it from the State of New York, of which it is a part—is the most populous city in the United States and the center of the New York metropolitan area, the premier gateway for legal immigration to the United States and one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world. A global power city, New York exerts a significant impact upon commerce, finance, media, art, fashion, research, technology, education, and entertainment, its fast pace defining the term New York minute. Home to the headquarters of the United Nations, New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world.', " New York, also known as New York City or the City of New York, is the most populous city in the US and the center of the New York metropolitan area. It's a global power city with a significant impact on commerce, finance, media, art, fashion, research, technology, education, and entertainment. Home to the United Nations, New York is an important center for international diplomacy and is known as the cultural and financial capital of the world.", 8)
("Situated on one of the world's largest natural harbors, New York City consists of five boroughs, each of which is a separate county of New York State. The five boroughs – Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, the Bronx, and Staten Island – were consolidated into a single city in 1898. With a census-estimated 2014 population of 8,491,079 distributed over a land area of just 305 square miles (790 km2), New York is the most densely populated major city in the United States. As many as 800 languages are spoken in New York, making it the most linguistically diverse city in the world. By 2014 census estimates, the New York City metropolitan region remains by a significant margin the most populous in the United States, as defined by both the Metropolitan Statistical Area (20.1 million residents) and the Combined Statistical Area (23.6 million residents). In 2013, the MSA produced a gross metropolitan product (GMP) of nearly US$1.39 trillion, while in 2012, the CSA generated a GMP of over US$1.55 trillion, both ranking first nationally by a wide margin and behind the GDP of only twelve and eleven countries, respectively.", " New York City, located on a large natural harbor, is made up of five boroughs (Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, Bronx, Staten Island) that became one city in 1898. With a population of 8,491,079 and a land area of 305 square miles, it's the most densely populated major city in the US. Over 800 languages are spoken there, making it the most linguistically diverse city in the world. The New York City metropolitan region, with a population of 20.1 million (MSA) and 23.6 million (CSA), is the most populous in the US. In 2013, the MSA had a GMP of $1.39 trillion, and the CSA generated $1.55 trillion, both ranking first nationally and behind only 12 and 11 countries' GDPs, respectively.", 8)
("New York City traces its roots to its 1624 founding as a trading post by colonists of the Dutch Republic and was named New Amsterdam in 1626. The city and its surroundings came under English control in 1664. New York served as the capital of the United States from 1785 until 1790. It has been the country's largest city since 1790. The Statue of Liberty greeted millions of immigrants as they came to the Americas by ship in the late 19th and early 20th centuries and is a globally recognized symbol of the United States and its democracy.", " New York City was founded as a Dutch trading post in 1624, named New Amsterdam in 1626. It came under English control in 1664 and served as the US capital from 1785-1790. It has been the country's largest city since 1790. The Statue of Liberty, a symbol of US democracy, welcomed immigrants from the late 19th to early 20th centuries.", 8)
('Many districts and landmarks in New York City have become well known, and the city received a record 56 million tourists in 2014, hosting three of the world\'s ten most visited tourist attractions in 2013. Several sources have ranked New York the most photographed city in the world. Times Square, iconic as the world\'s "heart" and its "Crossroads", is the brightly illuminated hub of the Broadway Theater District, one of the world\'s busiest pedestrian intersections, and a major center of the world\'s entertainment industry. The names of many of the city\'s bridges, skyscrapers, and parks are known around the world. Anchored by Wall Street in the Financial District of Lower Manhattan, New York City has been called both the most economically powerful city and the leading financial center of the world, and the city is home to the world\'s two largest stock exchanges by total market capitalization, the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ. Manhattan\'s real estate market is among the most expensive in the world. Manhattan\'s Chinatown incorporates the highest concentration of Chinese people in the Western Hemisphere, with multiple signature Chinatowns developing across the city. Providing continuous 24/7 service, the New York City Subway is one of the most extensive metro systems worldwide, with 469 stations in operation. New York City\'s higher education network comprises over 120 colleges and universities, including Columbia University, New York University, and Rockefeller University, which have been ranked among the top 35 in the world.', " New York City is a globally recognized destination with iconic landmarks, three of the ten most visited tourist attractions, and the title of the most photographed city. Known for its economic power and leading financial center, New York is home to the world's two largest stock exchanges and an expensive real estate market. Chinatown has the highest concentration of Chinese people in the Western Hemisphere, and the city's extensive subway system operates 24/7. New York City's higher education network includes over 120 colleges and universities, some of which rank among the top 35 in the world.", 8)
('During the Wisconsinan glaciation, the New York City region was situated at the edge of a large ice sheet over 1,000 feet in depth. The ice sheet scraped away large amounts of soil, leaving the bedrock that serves as the geologic foundation for much of New York City today. Later on, the ice sheet would help split apart what are now Long Island and Staten Island.', ' During the Wisconsinan glaciation, a deep ice sheet in New York City area scraped away soil, exposing bedrock, and later contributed to the splitting of Long Island and Staten Island.', 8)
('In the precolonial era, the area of present-day New York City was inhabited by various bands of Algonquian tribes of Native Americans, including the Lenape, whose homeland, known as Lenapehoking, included Staten Island; the western portion of Long Island, including the area that would become Brooklyn and Queens; Manhattan; the Bronx; and the Lower Hudson Valley.', ' The Algonquian tribes, specifically the Lenape, inhabited the New York City area during the precolonial era. Their territory, Lenapehoking, encompassed Staten Island, western Long Island (Brooklyn and Queens), Manhattan, the Bronx, and the Lower Hudson Valley.', 9)
('The first documented visit by a European was in 1524 by Giovanni da Verrazzano, a Florentine explorer in the service of the French crown, who sailed his ship La Dauphine into New York Harbor. He claimed the area for France and named it "Nouvelle Angoulême" (New Angoulême).', ' In 1524, Giovanni da Verrazzano, a Florentine explorer working for the French crown, was the first European to visit New York Harbor. He claimed the area for France and named it "Nouvelle Angoulême" (New Angoulême).', 9)
('A Spanish expedition led by captain Estêvão Gomes, a Portuguese sailing for Emperor Charles V, arrived in New York Harbor in January 1525 aboard the purpose-built caravel "La Anunciada" and charted the mouth of the Hudson River, which he named Rio de San Antonio. Heavy ice kept him from further exploration, and he returned to Spain in August. The first scientific map to show the North American East coast continuously, the 1527 world map known as the Padrón Real, was informed by Gomes\' expedition, and labeled the Northeast as Tierra de Esteban Gómez in his honor.', " In January 1525, a Spanish expedition led by captain Estêvão Gomes, sailing for Emperor Charles V, reached New York Harbor and charted the mouth of the Hudson River, which he named Rio de San Antonio. Due to heavy ice, he couldn't explore further and returned to Spain in August. The first scientific map to depict the North American East coast continuously, the 1527 Padrón Real world map, was based on Gomes' expedition and labeled the Northeast as Tierra de Esteban Gómez in his honor.", 9)
('In 1609, English explorer Henry Hudson re-discovered the region when he sailed his ship the Halve Maen ("Half Moon" in Dutch) into New York Harbor while searching for the Northwest Passage to the Orient for his employer, the Dutch East India Company. He proceeded to sail up what he named the North River, also called the Mauritis River, and now known as the Hudson River, to the site of the present-day New York State capital of Albany in the belief that it might represent an oceanic tributary. When the river narrowed and was no longer saline, he realized it was not a maritime passage and sailed back downriver. He made a ten-day exploration of the area and claimed the region for his employer. In 1614, the area between Cape Cod and Delaware Bay would be claimed by the Netherlands and called Nieuw-Nederland (New Netherland).', ' In 1609, English explorer Henry Hudson sailed the Halve Maen into New York Harbor, believing it to be the Northwest Passage. He explored the Hudson River, but realized it was not a maritime passage and claimed the area for the Dutch East India Company. In 1614, the Netherlands claimed the region between Cape Cod and Delaware Bay as Nieuw-Nederland.', 7)
('The first non-Native American inhabitant of what would eventually become New York City was Dominican trader Juan Rodriguez (transliterated to Dutch as Jan Rodrigues). Born in Santo Domingo of Portuguese and African descent, he arrived in Manhattan during the winter of 1613–1614, trapping for pelts and trading with the local population as a representative of the Dutch. Broadway, from 159th Street to 218th Street, is named Juan Rodriguez Way in his honor.', ' The first non-Native American resident of New York City was Juan Rodriguez, a Dominican trader of Portuguese and African descent, who arrived in Manhattan around 1613–1614 for trapping and trading with the local population, representing the Dutch. Broadway, between 159th Street and 218th Street, is named after him as Juan Rodriguez Way.', 8)
('A permanent European presence in New Netherland began in 1624 – making New York the 12th oldest continuously occupied European-established settlement in the continental United States  – with the founding of a Dutch fur trading settlement on Governors Island. In 1625, construction was started on a citadel and a Fort Amsterdam on Manhattan Island, later called New Amsterdam (Nieuw Amsterdam). The colony of New Amsterdam was centered at the site which would eventually become Lower Manhattan. The Dutch colonial Director-General Peter Minuit purchased the island of Manhattan from the Canarsie, a small band of the Lenape, in 1626 for a value of 60 guilders (about $1000 in 2006); a disproved legend says that Manhattan was purchased for $24 worth of glass beads.', " A Dutch fur trading settlement was established on Governors Island in 1624, marking the beginning of a permanent European presence in New Netherland. In 1625, a citadel and Fort Amsterdam were built on Manhattan Island, which later became New Amsterdam. The colony's center was Lower Manhattan. In 1626, Director-General Peter Minuit purchased Manhattan Island from the Canarsie Lenape for approximately $1000. A myth claims the purchase cost only $24 worth of beads.", 8)
('In 1664, Peter Stuyvesant, the Director-General of the colony of New Netherland, surrendered New Amsterdam to the English without bloodshed. The English promptly renamed the fledgling city "New York" after the Duke of York (later King James II).', ' In 1664, Peter Stuyvesant gave up New Netherland\'s New Amsterdam to the English without violence. The English renamed the city "New York" in honor of the Duke of York, who later became King James II.', 8)
('On August 24, 1673, Dutch captain Anthonio Colve took over the colony of New York from England and rechristened it "New Orange" to honor the Prince of Orange, King William III. However, facing defeat from the British and French, who had teamed up to destroy Dutch trading routes, the Dutch returned the island to England in 1674.', ' Dutch captain Anthonio Colve seized New York from England in August 1673, renaming it "New Orange" for Prince Orange. However, the Dutch were forced to give it back to England in 1674 due to military pressure from the British and French.', 8)
('At the end of the Second Anglo-Dutch War, the English gained New Amsterdam (New York) in North America in exchange for Dutch control of Run, an Indonesian island. Several intertribal wars among the Native Americans and some epidemics brought on by contact with the Europeans caused sizable population losses for the Lenape between the years 1660 and 1670. By 1700, the Lenape population had diminished to 200.', ' The Second Anglo-Dutch War resulted in the English acquiring New Amsterdam (New York), while the Dutch gained control of Run, an Indonesian island. Native American tribes, specifically the Lenape, experienced population losses due to intertribal wars and epidemics between 1660 and 1670. By the year 1700, the Lenape population had decreased to approximately 200 people.', 8)
("New York grew in importance as a trading port while under British rule in the early 1700s. It also became a center of slavery, with 42% of households holding slaves by 1730, more than any other city other than Charleston, South Carolina. Most slaveholders held a few or several domestic slaves, but others hired them out to work at labor. Slavery became integrally tied to New York's economy through the labor of slaves throughout the port, and the banks and shipping tied to the South. Discovery of the African Burying Ground in the 1990s, during construction of a new federal courthouse near Foley Square, revealed that tens of thousands of Africans had been buried in the area in the colonial years.", " New York's significance grew as a trading port under British rule in the early 1700s, with 42% of households owning slaves by 1730, making it the city with the second highest percentage of slave ownership after Charleston, South Carolina. Slaves were used for both domestic work and labor hire. Slavery significantly contributed to New York's economy through the port and its banking and shipping industries with the South. The discovery of the African Burying Ground in the 1990s revealed that tens of thousands of Africans had been buried in the area during the colonial years.", 8)
("The trial in Manhattan of John Peter Zenger in 1735 helped to establish the freedom of the press in North America. In 1754, Columbia University was founded under charter by King George II as King's College in Lower Manhattan. The Stamp Act Congress met in New York in October 1765 as the Sons of Liberty organized in the city, skirmishing over the next ten years with British troops stationed there.", ' In 1735, the trial of John Peter Zenger in Manhattan led to the establishment of press freedom in North America. In 1754, King George II chartered Columbia University as Kings College in Lower Manhattan. The Stamp Act Congress gathered in New York in October 1765, while the Sons of Liberty protested against British troops stationed there until the early 1770s.', 8)
('The Battle of Long Island, the largest battle of the American Revolutionary War, was fought in August 1776 entirely within the modern-day borough of Brooklyn. After the battle, in which the Americans were defeated, leaving subsequent smaller armed engagements following in its wake, the city became the British military and political base of operations in North America. The city was a haven for Loyalist refugees, as well as escaped slaves who joined the British lines for freedom newly promised by the Crown for all fighters. As many as 10,000 escaped slaves crowded into the city during the British occupation. When the British forces evacuated at the close of the war in 1783, they transported 3,000 freedmen for resettlement in Nova Scotia. They resettled other freedmen in England and the Caribbean.', ' The Battle of Long Island, the largest battle of the American Revolutionary War, took place in August 1776 in modern-day Brooklyn. The Americans lost, leading to smaller engagements and British occupation. The city became a base for Loyalist refugees and escaped slaves, with up to 10,000 seeking refuge. When the British evacuated in 1783, they transported 3,000 freedmen to Nova Scotia for resettlement, and some to England and the Caribbean.', 8)
('The only attempt at a peaceful solution to the war took place at the Conference House on Staten Island between American delegates, including Benjamin Franklin, and British general Lord Howe on September 11, 1776. Shortly after the British occupation began, the Great Fire of New York occurred, a large conflagration on the West Side of Lower Manhattan, which destroyed about a quarter of the buildings in the city, including Trinity Church.', " In September 1776, on Staten Island, American delegates led by Benjamin Franklin met with British general Lord Howe for a peaceful resolution to the war. The talks took place after the British occupation began. Previously, a large fire had broken out in New York, destroying approximately a quarter of the city's buildings, including Trinity Church.", 7)
('In 1785, the assembly of the Congress of the Confederation made New York the national capital shortly after the war. New York was the last capital of the U.S. under the Articles of Confederation and the first capital under the Constitution of the United States. In 1789, the first President of the United States, George Washington, was inaugurated; the first United States Congress and the Supreme Court of the United States each assembled for the first time, and the United States Bill of Rights was drafted, all at Federal Hall on Wall Street. By 1790, New York had surpassed Philadelphia as the largest city in the United States.', ' In 1785, New York became the national capital of the US under the Articles of Confederation and the first capital under the Constitution. In 1789, George Washington was inaugurated as the first President, the first Congress and Supreme Court assembled, and the Bill of Rights was drafted at Federal Hall in New York. By 1790, New York surpassed Philadelphia as the largest city in the US.', 8)
("Under New York State's gradual abolition act of 1799, children of slave mothers were born to be eventually liberated but were held in indentured servitude until their mid-to-late twenties. Together with slaves freed by their masters after the Revolutionary War and escaped slaves, a significant free-black population gradually developed in Manhattan. Under such influential United States founders as Alexander Hamilton and John Jay, the New York Manumission Society worked for abolition and established the African Free School to educate black children. It was not until 1827 that slavery was completely abolished in the state, and free blacks struggled afterward with discrimination. New York interracial abolitionist activism continued; among its leaders were graduates of the African Free School. The city's black population reached more than 16,000 in 1840.", " The Gradual Abolition Act of 1799 in New York led to the eventual freedom of slave children, who were kept in indentured servitude until their mid-to-late twenties. A significant free-black population emerged in Manhattan due to freed slaves after the Revolutionary War and escaped slaves. The New York Manumission Society, influenced by founders like Alexander Hamilton and John Jay, advocated for abolition and established the African Free School for black education. Slavery was abolished in New York in 1827, but discrimination against free blacks persisted. Activism continued, with leaders including graduates of the African Free School. New York's black population exceeded 16,000 by 1840.", 8)
("In the 19th century, the city was transformed by development relating to its status as a trading center, as well as by European immigration. The city adopted the Commissioners' Plan of 1811, which expanded the city street grid to encompass all of Manhattan. The 1825 completion of the Erie Canal through central New York connected the Atlantic port to the agricultural markets and commodities of the North American interior via the Hudson River and the Great Lakes. Local politics became dominated by Tammany Hall, a political machine supported by Irish and German immigrants.", ' In the 19th century, the city underwent significant development due to its role as a trading center and European immigration. The city expanded with the Commissioners Plan of 1811, which increased the city street grid. The completion of the Erie Canal in 1825 connected the city to agricultural markets and commodities of the interior. Local politics were influenced by Tammany Hall, a political machine popular among Irish and German immigrants.', 8)
('Several prominent American literary figures lived in New York during the 1830s and 1840s, including William Cullen Bryant, Washington Irving, Herman Melville, Rufus Wilmot Griswold, John Keese, Nathaniel Parker Willis, and Edgar Allan Poe. Public-minded members of the contemporaneous business elite lobbied for the establishment of Central Park, which in 1857 became the first landscaped park in an American city.', ' Several literary figures such as William Cullen Bryant, Washington Irving, Herman Melville, Rufus Wilmot Griswold, John Keese, Nathaniel Parker Willis, and Edgar Allan Poe lived in New York during the 1830s and 1840s. The business elite advocated for the creation of Central Park, which was established in 1857 as the first landscaped urban park in the United States.', 8)
("The Great Irish Famine brought a large influx of Irish immigrants. Over 200,000 were living in New York by 1860, upwards of a quarter of the city's population. There was also extensive immigration from the German provinces, where revolutions had disrupted societies, and Germans comprised another 25% of New York's population by 1860.", " The Great Irish Famine led to over 200,000 Irish immigrants in New York by 1860, making up around a quarter of the city's population. Additionally, there were approximately 25% of New York's population who were Germans due to immigration from German provinces where revolutions had occurred.", 8)
("Democratic Party candidates were consistently elected to local office, increasing the city's ties to the South and its dominant party. In 1861, Mayor Fernando Wood called on the aldermen to declare independence from Albany and the United States after the South seceded, but his proposal was not acted on. Anger at new military conscription laws during the American Civil War (1861–1865), which spared wealthier men who could afford to pay a $300 (equivalent to $5,766 in 2016) commutation fee to hire a substitute, led to the Draft Riots of 1863, whose most visible participants were ethnic Irish working class. The situation deteriorated into attacks on New York's elite, followed by attacks on black New Yorkers and their property after fierce competition for a decade between Irish immigrants and blacks for work. Rioters burned the Colored Orphan Asylum to the ground, but more than 200 children escaped harm due to efforts of the New York City Police Department, which was mainly made up of Irish immigrants. According to historian James M. McPherson (2001), at least 120 people were killed. In all, eleven black men were lynched over five days, and the riots forced hundreds of blacks to flee the city for Williamsburg, Brooklyn, as well as New Jersey; the black population in Manhattan fell below 10,000 by 1865, which it had last been in 1820. The white working class had established dominance. Violence by longshoremen against black men was especially fierce in the docks area. It was one of the worst incidents of civil unrest in American history.", ' In the 1800s, Democratic Party candidates were frequently elected in New York City, strengthening its connection to the South and the Democratic Party. In 1861, Mayor Fernando Wood proposed declaring independence from Albany and the US after the South seceded, but the proposal was not implemented. During the American Civil War, anger over new military conscription laws led to the Draft Riots of 1863, primarily involving ethnic Irish working class. The riots resulted in at least 120 deaths, including the lynching of eleven black men, and forced hundreds of blacks to flee the city. The riots also led to violence against blacks and their property, particularly in the docks area. The white working class gained dominance, and tensions between Irish immigrants and blacks for work led to fierce competition and violence.', 7)
('In 1898, the modern City of New York was formed with the consolidation of Brooklyn (until then a separate city), the County of New York (which then included parts of the Bronx), the County of Richmond, and the western portion of the County of Queens. The opening of the subway in 1904, first built as separate private systems, helped bind the new city together. Throughout the first half of the 20th century, the city became a world center for industry, commerce, and communication.', ' In 1898, the City of New York was formed by consolidating Brooklyn, the County of New York (Bronx), County of Richmond, and western Queens. The subway system opened in 1904, connecting the city. During the first half of the 20th century, New York became a global hub for industry, commerce, and communication.', 8)
("In 1904, the steamship General Slocum caught fire in the East River, killing 1,021 people on board. In 1911, the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire, the city's worst industrial disaster, took the lives of 146 garment workers and spurred the growth of the International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union and major improvements in factory safety standards.", ' In 1904, the steamship General Slocum fire resulted in the deaths of 1,021 people. In 1911, the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire claimed 146 lives and led to the growth of the International Ladies Garment Workers Union and significant safety improvements in factories.', 8)
("New York's non-white population was 36,620 in 1890. New York City was a prime destination in the early twentieth century for African Americans during the Great Migration from the American South, and by 1916, New York City was home to the largest urban African diaspora in North America. The Harlem Renaissance of literary and cultural life flourished during the era of Prohibition. The larger economic boom generated construction of skyscrapers competing in height and creating an identifiable skyline.", " In 1890, New York's non-white population was small. However, during the early 20th century, African Americans migrated from the American South to New York City in large numbers, making it home to the largest urban African diaspora in North America by 1916. The Harlem Renaissance, a period of literary and cultural growth, took place during Prohibition. The economic boom led to the construction of tall skyscrapers, shaping New York's recognizable skyline.", 8)
('New York became the most populous urbanized area in the world in the early 1920s, overtaking London. The metropolitan area surpassed the 10 million mark in the early 1930s, becoming the first megacity in human history. The difficult years of the Great Depression saw the election of reformer Fiorello La Guardia as mayor and the fall of Tammany Hall after eighty years of political dominance.', " In the early 1920s, New York surpassed London to become the most populous urbanized area in the world, reaching over 10 million residents in the early 1930s, marking the first megacity in history. During the Great Depression, Fiorello La Guardia was elected mayor, and Tammany Hall's political dominance came to an end.", 8)
("Returning World War II veterans created a post-war economic boom and the development of large housing tracts in eastern Queens. New York emerged from the war unscathed as the leading city of the world, with Wall Street leading America's place as the world's dominant economic power. The United Nations Headquarters was completed in 1952, solidifying New York's global geopolitical influence, and the rise of abstract expressionism in the city precipitated New York's displacement of Paris as the center of the art world.", " World War II veterans contributed to a post-war economic boom in New York, leading to the development of large housing tracts in eastern Queens. New York City emerged as the leading global city with a dominant economic power on Wall Street. The UN Headquarters was completed in 1952, enhancing New York's geopolitical influence. Abstract expressionism rose in the city, displacing Paris as the art world center.", 8)
('The Stonewall riots were a series of spontaneous, violent demonstrations by members of the gay community against a police raid that took place in the early morning hours of June 28, 1969, at the Stonewall Inn in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Lower Manhattan. They are widely considered to constitute the single most important event leading to the gay liberation movement and the modern fight for LGBT rights in the United States.', ' The Stonewall riots were violent demonstrations by the gay community against a police raid at the Stonewall Inn in 1969, leading to the gay liberation movement and modern LGBT rights in the US.', 8)
("In the 1970s, job losses due to industrial restructuring caused New York City to suffer from economic problems and rising crime rates. While a resurgence in the financial industry greatly improved the city's economic health in the 1980s, New York's crime rate continued to increase through that decade and into the beginning of the 1990s. By the mid 1990s, crime rates started to drop dramatically due to revised police strategies, improving economic opportunities, gentrification, and new residents, both American transplants and new immigrants from Asia and Latin America. Important new sectors, such as Silicon Alley, emerged in the city's economy. New York's population reached all-time highs in the 2000 Census and then again in the 2010 Census.", " In the 1970s, New York City experienced economic problems and rising crime rates due to job losses from industrial restructuring. The financial industry's resurgence in the 1980s improved the city's economy, but crime rates continued to increase. By the mid 1990s, crime rates began to decrease due to revised police strategies, economic opportunities, gentrification, and new residents. Important new sectors emerged in the city's economy, and New York's population reached all-time highs in the 2000 and 2010 censuses.", 8)
('The city and surrounding area suffered the bulk of the economic damage and largest loss of human life in the aftermath of the September 11, 2001 attacks when 10 of the 19 terrorists associated with Al-Qaeda piloted American Airlines Flight 11 into the North Tower of the World Trade Center and United Airlines Flight 175 into the South Tower of the World Trade Center, and later destroyed them, killing 2,192 civilians, 343 firefighters, and 71 law enforcement officers who were in the towers and in the surrounding area. The rebuilding of the area, has created a new One World Trade Center, and a 9/11 memorial and museum along with other new buildings and infrastructure. The World Trade Center PATH station, which opened on July 19, 1909 as the Hudson Terminal, was also destroyed in the attack. A temporary station was built and opened on November 23, 2003. A permanent station, the World Trade Center Transportation Hub, is currently under construction. The new One World Trade Center is the tallest skyscraper in the Western Hemisphere and the fourth-tallest building in the world by pinnacle height, with its spire reaching a symbolic 1,776 feet (541.3 m) in reference to the year of American independence.', ' The September 11, 2001 attacks caused significant economic damage and loss of life in the city and surrounding area, with 10 Al-Qaeda terrorists crashing American Airlines Flight 11 and United Airlines Flight 175 into the North and South Towers of the World Trade Center, resulting in 2,506 deaths. The area has since been rebuilt, featuring a new One World Trade Center, a 9/11 memorial and museum, and a permanent World Trade Center Transportation Hub. The Hudson Terminal PATH station, which opened in 1909, was also destroyed and has been replaced with a temporary station. The One World Trade Center is now the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere, standing at 1,776 feet (541.3 m).', 6)
('The Occupy Wall Street protests in Zuccotti Park in the Financial District of Lower Manhattan began on September 17, 2011, receiving global attention and spawning the Occupy movement against social and economic inequality worldwide.', " Protests at Zuccotti Park in New York City's Financial District started on September 17, 2011, gaining international attention and leading to the Occupy movement against economic and social inequality.", 9)
('When one Republican presidential candidate for the 2016 election ridiculed the liberalism of "New York values" in January 2016, Donald Trump, leading in the polls, vigorously defended his city. The National Review, a conservative magazine published in the city since its founding by William F. Buckley, Jr. in 1955, commented, "By hearkening back to New York\'s heart after 9/11, for a moment Trump transcended politics. How easily we forget, but for weeks after the terror attacks, New York was America."', " In January 2016, during the Republican presidential primaries, Donald Trump defended New York values after a rival candidate criticized them. The National Review magazine, based in New York, praised Trump for reminiscing about the city's unity following the 9/11 attacks.", 7)
('New York City is situated in the Northeastern United States, in southeastern New York State, approximately halfway between Washington, D.C. and Boston. The location at the mouth of the Hudson River, which feeds into a naturally sheltered harbor and then into the Atlantic Ocean, has helped the city grow in significance as a trading port. Most of New York City is built on the three islands of Long Island, Manhattan, and Staten Island.', " New York City is located in the Northeastern United States, in southeastern New York State, between Washington, D.C. and Boston. It's situated at the mouth of the Hudson River, which leads to a sheltered harbor and the Atlantic Ocean. The city primarily occupies the islands of Long Island, Manhattan, and Staten Island.", 8)
('The Hudson River flows through the Hudson Valley into New York Bay. Between New York City and Troy, New York, the river is an estuary. The Hudson River separates the city from the U.S. state of New Jersey. The East River—a tidal strait—flows from Long Island Sound and separates the Bronx and Manhattan from Long Island. The Harlem River, another tidal strait between the East and Hudson Rivers, separates most of Manhattan from the Bronx. The Bronx River, which flows through the Bronx and Westchester County, is the only entirely fresh water river in the city.', ' The Hudson River, an estuary between New York City and Troy, separates New York from New Jersey. The East River, a tidal strait, separates Manhattan and the Bronx from Long Island. The Harlem River, another tidal strait, separates most of Manhattan from the Bronx. The Bronx River, which runs through the Bronx and Westchester County, is the only entirely fresh water river in the city.', 7)
("The city's land has been altered substantially by human intervention, with considerable land reclamation along the waterfronts since Dutch colonial times; reclamation is most prominent in Lower Manhattan, with developments such as Battery Park City in the 1970s and 1980s. Some of the natural relief in topography has been evened out, especially in Manhattan.", " Human intervention has led to significant land alterations in the city, particularly noticeable in Lower Manhattan with projects like Battery Park City in the 1970s and 1980s. The city's topography has been leveled in some areas.", 8)
("The city's total area is 468.9 square miles (1,214 km2). 164.1 sq mi (425 km2) of this is water and 304.8 sq mi (789 km2) is land. The highest point in the city is Todt Hill on Staten Island, which, at 409.8 feet (124.9 m) above sea level, is the highest point on the Eastern Seaboard south of Maine. The summit of the ridge is mostly covered in woodlands as part of the Staten Island Greenbelt.", ' The city has a total area of 468.9 square miles (1,214 km2), with 164.1 sq mi (425 km2) being water and 304.8 sq mi (789 km2) being land. The highest point in the city, Todt Hill on Staten Island, stands at 409.8 feet (124.9 m) above sea level and is mostly covered in woodlands as part of the Staten Island Greenbelt. It is the highest point on the Eastern Seaboard south of Maine.', 9)
('New York has architecturally noteworthy buildings in a wide range of styles and from distinct time periods, from the saltbox style Pieter Claesen Wyckoff House in Brooklyn, the oldest section of which dates to 1656, to the modern One World Trade Center, the skyscraper at Ground Zero in Lower Manhattan and currently the most expensive new office tower in the world.', " New York features architecturally significant buildings ranging from the 1656 Pieter Claesen Wyckoff House in Brooklyn to the modern One World Trade Center in Lower Manhattan, currently the world's most expensive new office tower.", 8)
("Manhattan's skyline, with its many skyscrapers, is universally recognized, and the city has been home to several of the tallest buildings in the world. As of 2011, New York City had 5,937 high-rise buildings, of which 550 completed structures were at least 330 feet (100 m) high, both second in the world after Hong Kong, with over 50 completed skyscrapers taller than 656 feet (200 m). These include the Woolworth Building (1913), an early gothic revival skyscraper built with massively scaled gothic detailing.", " New York City's skyline is known for its numerous high-rise buildings, with 550 structures over 330 feet high as of 2011, second only to Hong Kong. There are over 50 skyscrapers taller than 656 feet, including the Woolworth Building (1913), an early gothic revival skyscraper with intricate detailing.", 8)
("The 1916 Zoning Resolution required setbacks in new buildings, and restricted towers to a percentage of the lot size, to allow sunlight to reach the streets below. The Art Deco style of the Chrysler Building (1930) and Empire State Building (1931), with their tapered tops and steel spires, reflected the zoning requirements. The buildings have distinctive ornamentation, such as the eagles at the corners of the 61st floor on the Chrysler Building, and are considered some of the finest examples of the Art Deco style. A highly influential example of the international style in the United States is the Seagram Building (1957), distinctive for its façade using visible bronze-toned I-beams to evoke the building's structure. The Condé Nast Building (2000) is a prominent example of green design in American skyscrapers and has received an award from the American Institute of Architects as well as AIA New York State for its design.", ' The 1916 Zoning Resolution introduced setbacks and height restrictions for new buildings to ensure sunlight. Art Deco buildings like the Chrysler Building and Empire State Building, with tapered tops and distinctive ornamentation, complied with these regulations. The Seagram Building (1957) showcased the international style with a visible bronze-toned I-beam façade. The Condé Nast Building (2000) is a notable green design skyscraper and received architectural awards.', 8)
("The character of New York's large residential districts is often defined by the elegant brownstone rowhouses and townhouses and shabby tenements that were built during a period of rapid expansion from 1870 to 1930. In contrast, New York City also has neighborhoods that are less densely populated and feature free-standing dwellings. In neighborhoods such as Riverdale (in the Bronx), Ditmas Park (in Brooklyn), and Douglaston (in Queens), large single-family homes are common in various architectural styles such as Tudor Revival and Victorian.", " The character of New York's residential districts is shaped by brownstones, townhouses, tenements built from 1870 to 1930, and less densely populated neighborhoods with large single-family homes in various styles like Tudor Revival and Victorian, such as Riverdale (Bronx), Ditmas Park (Brooklyn), and Douglaston (Queens).", 8)
("Stone and brick became the city's building materials of choice after the construction of wood-frame houses was limited in the aftermath of the Great Fire of 1835. A distinctive feature of many of the city's buildings is the wooden roof-mounted water towers. In the 1800s, the city required their installation on buildings higher than six stories to prevent the need for excessively high water pressures at lower elevations, which could break municipal water pipes. Garden apartments became popular during the 1920s in outlying areas, such as Jackson Heights.", ' After the Great Fire of 1835, stone and brick replaced wood as the primary building materials in the city. Buildings with heights over six stories were required to have wooden water towers on their roofs in the 1800s to prevent high water pressures and damage to municipal pipes. Garden apartments gained popularity in outlying areas like Jackson Heights during the 1920s.', 8)
('According to the United States Geological Survey, an updated analysis of seismic hazard in July 2014 revealed a "slightly lower hazard for tall buildings" in New York City than previously assessed. Scientists estimated this lessened risk based upon a lower likelihood than previously thought of slow shaking near the city, which would be more likely to cause damage to taller structures from an earthquake in the vicinity of the city.', ' The US Geological Survey revised the seismic hazard in New York City in July 2014, finding a reduced risk for tall buildings due to a lower likelihood of slow shaking from nearby earthquakes.', 8)
('There are hundreds of distinct neighborhoods throughout the five boroughs of New York City, many with a definable history and character to call their own. If the boroughs were each independent cities, four of the boroughs (Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, and the Bronx) would be among the ten most populous cities in the United States.', ' New York City has over 500 unique neighborhoods, four of which (Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, and the Bronx) would rank among the ten most populous cities in the US if they were independent.', 7)
('Under the Köppen climate classification, using the 0 °C (32 °F) coldest month (January) isotherm, New York City itself experiences a humid subtropical climate (Cfa) and is thus the northernmost major city on the North American continent with this categorization. The suburbs to the immediate north and west lie in the transition zone from a humid subtropical (Cfa) to a humid continental climate (Dfa). The area averages 234 days with at least some sunshine annually, and averages 57% of possible sunshine annually, accumulating 2,535 hours of sunshine per annum. The city falls under USDA 7b Plant Hardiness zone.', ' New York City has a humid subtropical climate (Cfa), the northernmost major city in North America with this classification. Surrounding suburbs are in a humid continental climate (Dfa) transition zone. The area receives 234 sunny days and 57% of possible sunshine annually, totaling 2,535 hours of sunshine. New York City falls under USDA 7b Plant Hardiness zone.', 8)
("Winters are cold and damp, and prevailing wind patterns that blow offshore minimize the moderating effects of the Atlantic Ocean; yet the Atlantic and the partial shielding from colder air by the Appalachians keep the city warmer in the winter than inland North American cities at similar or lesser latitudes such as Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, and Indianapolis. The daily mean temperature in January, the area's coldest month, is 32.6 °F (0.3 °C); however, temperatures usually drop to 10 °F (−12 °C) several times per winter, and reach 50 °F (10 °C) several days each winter month. Spring and autumn are unpredictable and can range from chilly to warm, although they are usually mild with low humidity. Summers are typically warm to hot and humid, with a daily mean temperature of 76.5 °F (24.7 °C) in July and an average humidity level of 72%. Nighttime conditions are often exacerbated by the urban heat island phenomenon, while daytime temperatures exceed 90 °F (32 °C) on average of 17 days each summer and in some years exceed 100 °F (38 °C). In the warmer months, the dew point, a measure of atmospheric moisture, ranges from 57.3 °F (14.1 °C) in June to 62.0 °F (16.7 °C) in August. Extreme temperatures have ranged from −15 °F (−26 °C), recorded on February 9, 1934, up to 106 °F (41 °C) on July 9, 1936.", ' The city experiences cold and damp winters with temperatures dropping to below freezing several times, milder than inland cities due to the Atlantic Ocean and Appalachian Mountains. Spring and autumn are unpredictable, ranging from chilly to warm. Summers are warm to hot and humid, with temperatures exceeding 90°F (32°C) on average of 17 days and up to 106°F (41°C) in extreme cases. Winter temperatures range from 10°F (-12°C) to 50°F (10°C), and the city experiences an urban heat island effect in the warmer months. The dew point ranges from 57.3°F (14.1°C) in June to 62.0°F (16.7°C) in August. Extreme temperatures have ranged from -15°F (-26°C) to 106°F (41°C).', 7)
('The city receives 49.9 inches (1,270 mm) of precipitation annually, which is fairly spread throughout the year. Average winter snowfall between 1981 and 2010 has been 25.8 inches (66 cm), but this varies considerably from year to year. Hurricanes and tropical storms are rare in the New York area, but are not unheard of and always have the potential to strike the area. Hurricane Sandy brought a destructive storm surge to New York City on the evening of October 29, 2012, flooding numerous streets, tunnels, and subway lines in Lower Manhattan and other areas of the city and cutting off electricity in many parts of the city and its suburbs. The storm and its profound impacts have prompted the discussion of constructing seawalls and other coastal barriers around the shorelines of the city and the metropolitan area to minimize the risk of destructive consequences from another such event in the future.', ' New York City gets approximately 49.9 inches (1,270 mm) of annual precipitation. Winter snowfall averages 25.8 inches (66 cm), with variation. Hurricanes and tropical storms are infrequent but potentially damaging, as demonstrated by Hurricane Sandy in 2012, which caused extensive flooding and power outages. Discussions about constructing seawalls and coastal barriers have ensued to mitigate future damage.', 8)
('The City of New York has a complex park system, with various lands operated by the National Park Service, the New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation, and the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation.', " The City of New York's park system is managed by the National Park Service, New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation, and New York City Department of Parks and Recreation.", 8)
('In its 2013 ParkScore ranking, The Trust for Public Land reported that the park system in New York City was the second best park system among the 50 most populous U.S. cities, behind the park system of Minneapolis. ParkScore ranks urban park systems by a formula that analyzes median park size, park acres as percent of city area, the percent of city residents within a half-mile of a park, spending of park services per resident, and the number of playgrounds per 10,000 residents.', " In the 2013 ParkScore ranking by The Trust for Public Land, New York City's park system ranked second among the 50 most populous U.S. cities, with Minneapolis having the first rank. The ranking is determined by analyzing median park size, park acres as a percentage of city area, accessibility to parks, spending on park services per resident, and number of playgrounds per 10,000 residents.", 8)
('Gateway National Recreation Area contains over 26,000 acres (10,521.83 ha) in total, most of it surrounded by New York City, including the Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge in Brooklyn and Queens, over 9,000 acres (36 km2) of salt marsh, islands, and water, including most of Jamaica Bay. Also in Queens, the park includes a significant portion of the western Rockaway Peninsula, most notably Jacob Riis Park and Fort Tilden. In Staten Island, the park includes Fort Wadsworth, with historic pre-Civil War era Battery Weed and Fort Tompkins, and Great Kills Park, with beaches, trails, and a marina.', " The Gateway National Recreation Area covers approximately 26,000 acres (10,521.83 ha) in total, with parts in Brooklyn and Queens, including Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge and over 9,000 acres (36 km2) of salt marsh, islands, and water. In Queens, there's Jacob Riis Park and Fort Tilden on the western Rockaway Peninsula. In Staten Island, the park includes Fort Wadsworth, with historic sites Battery Weed and Fort Tompkins, and Great Kills Park, featuring beaches, trails, and a marina.", 8)
('The Statue of Liberty National Monument and Ellis Island Immigration Museum are managed by the National Park Service and are in both the states of New York and New Jersey. They are joined in the harbor by Governors Island National Monument, in New York. Historic sites under federal management on Manhattan Island include Castle Clinton National Monument; Federal Hall National Memorial; Theodore Roosevelt Birthplace National Historic Site; General Grant National Memorial ("Grant\'s Tomb"); African Burial Ground National Monument; and Hamilton Grange National Memorial. Hundreds of private properties are listed on the National Register of Historic Places or as a National Historic Landmark such as, for example, the Stonewall Inn in Greenwich Village as the catalyst of the modern gay rights movement.', ' The Statue of Liberty National Monument and Ellis Island Immigration Museum, managed by the National Park Service, are located in New York and New Jersey. In New York, Governors Island National Monument is also part of the harbor. Historic sites on Manhattan Island under federal management include Castle Clinton National Monument, Federal Hall National Memorial, Theodore Roosevelt Birthplace National Historic Site, General Grant National Memorial, African Burial Ground National Monument, and Hamilton Grange National Memorial. Hundreds of private properties, such as the Stonewall Inn in Greenwich Village, are listed on the National Register of Historic Places or as a National Historic Landmark.', 8)
('There are seven state parks within the confines of New York City, including Clay Pit Ponds State Park Preserve, a natural area which includes extensive riding trails, and Riverbank State Park, a 28-acre (110,000 m2) facility that rises 69 feet (21 m) over the Hudson River.', ' New York City has seven state parks. One is Clay Pit Ponds State Park Preserve with riding trails. Another is Riverbank State Park, a 28-acre facility above the Hudson River, standing 69 feet high.', 8)
('New York City has over 28,000 acres (110 km2) of municipal parkland and 14 miles (23 km) of public beaches. Parks in New York City include Central Park, Prospect Park, Flushing Meadows–Corona Park, Forest Park, and Washington Square Park. The largest municipal park in the city is Pelham Bay Park with 2,700 acres (1,093 ha).', ' New York City has approximately 28,000 acres of municipal parkland and 14 miles of public beaches. Notable parks include Central Park, Prospect Park, Flushing Meadows–Corona Park, Forest Park, Washington Square Park, and the largest, Pelham Bay Park, with 2,700 acres.', 8)
("New York City is home to Fort Hamilton, the U.S. military's only active duty installation within the city. Established in 1825 in Brooklyn on the site of a small battery utilized during the American Revolution, it is one of America's longest serving military forts. Today Fort Hamilton serves as the headquarters of the North Atlantic Division of the United States Army Corps of Engineers as well as for the New York City Recruiting Battalion. It also houses the 1179th Transportation Brigade, the 722nd Aeromedical Staging Squadron, and a military entrance processing station. Other formerly active military reservations still utilized for National Guard and military training or reserve operations in the city include Fort Wadsworth in Staten Island and Fort Totten in Queens.", ' New York City is home to Fort Hamilton, an active duty military installation since 1825 in Brooklyn. It houses the North Atlantic Division of the US Army Corps of Engineers, New York City Recruiting Battalion, 1179th Transportation Brigade, 722nd Aeromedical Staging Squadron, and a military entrance processing station. Other former military reservations for National Guard and military training or reserve operations in the city are Fort Wadsworth in Staten Island and Fort Totten in Queens.', 8)
("New York City is the most-populous city in the United States, with an estimated record high of 8,491,079 residents as of 2014, incorporating more immigration into the city than outmigration since the 2010 United States Census. More than twice as many people live in New York City as in the second-most populous U.S. city (Los Angeles), and within a smaller area. New York City gained more residents between April 2010 and July 2014 (316,000) than any other U.S. city. New York City's population amounts to about 40% of New York State's population and a similar percentage of the New York metropolitan area population.", ' New York City had an estimated population of 8,491,079 in 2014, making it the most populous city in the US. It gained more residents than any other city between 2010 and 2014 (316,000). NYC has more residents than the second most populous city (Los Angeles) and a larger population than 40% of New York State and a similar percentage of the New York metropolitan area.', 7)
("In 2014, the city had an estimated population density of 27,858 people per square mile (10,756/km²), rendering it the most densely populated of all municipalities housing over 100,000 residents in the United States; however, several small cities (of fewer than 100,000) in adjacent Hudson County, New Jersey are more dense overall, as per the 2000 Census. Geographically co-extensive with New York County, the borough of Manhattan's population density of 71,672 people per square mile (27,673/km²) makes it the highest of any county in the United States and higher than the density of any individual American city.", ' In 2014, New York City was the most densely populated municipality in the US with over 100,000 residents, with a population density of 27,858 people per square mile. Manhattan borough within New York City had the highest population density of any county in the US at 71,672 people per square mile, surpassing the density of any individual American city. However, some smaller cities in Hudson County, New Jersey were more densely populated overall based on the 2000 Census.', 8)
("The city's population in 2010 was 44% white (33.3% non-Hispanic white), 25.5% black (23% non-Hispanic black), 0.7% Native American, and 12.7% Asian. Hispanics of any race represented 28.6% of the population, while Asians constituted the fastest-growing segment of the city's population between 2000 and 2010; the non-Hispanic white population declined 3 percent, the smallest recorded decline in decades; and for the first time since the Civil War, the number of blacks declined over a decade.", " In 2010, the city's population was 44% white (33.3% non-Hispanic white), 25.5% black (23% non-Hispanic black), 0.7% Native American, and 12.7% Asian. Hispanics made up 28.6% of the population. The Asian population grew the most between 2000 and 2010, while the non-Hispanic white population declined 3%, and the number of blacks decreased for the first time since the Civil War.", 8)
('Throughout its history, the city has been a major port of entry for immigrants into the United States; more than 12 million European immigrants were received at Ellis Island between 1892 and 1924. The term "melting pot" was first coined to describe densely populated immigrant neighborhoods on the Lower East Side. By 1900, Germans constituted the largest immigrant group, followed by the Irish, Jews, and Italians. In 1940, whites represented 92% of the city\'s population.', ' The city served as a significant entry point for over 12 million European immigrants between 1892 and 1924. Immigrant neighborhoods on the Lower East Side were densely populated and earned the label "melting pot." Germans were the largest immigrant group by 1900, followed by the Irish, Jews, and Italians. In 1940, whites made up 92% of the city\'s population.', 8)
("Approximately 37% of the city's population is foreign born. In New York, no single country or region of origin dominates. The ten largest sources of foreign-born individuals in the city as of 2011 were the Dominican Republic, China, Mexico, Guyana, Jamaica, Ecuador, Haiti, India, Russia, and Trinidad and Tobago, while the Bangladeshi immigrant population has since become one of the fastest growing in the city, counting over 74,000 by 2013.", " Around 37% of New York City's population is foreign-born. The ten largest groups of foreign-born individuals in 2011 were from the Dominican Republic, China, Mexico, Guyana, Jamaica, Ecuador, Haiti, India, Russia, and Trinidad and Tobago. The Bangladeshi population was among the fastest growing, numbering over 74,000 by 2013.", 8)
("Asian Americans in New York City, according to the 2010 Census, number more than one million, greater than the combined totals of San Francisco and Los Angeles. New York contains the highest total Asian population of any U.S. city proper. The New York City borough of Queens is home to the state's largest Asian American population and the largest Andean (Colombian, Ecuadorian, Peruvian, and Bolivian) populations in the United States, and is also the most ethnically diverse urban area in the world. The Chinese population constitutes the fastest-growing nationality in New York State; multiple satellites of the original Manhattan Chinatown (紐約華埠), in Brooklyn (布鲁克林華埠), and around Flushing, Queens (法拉盛華埠), are thriving as traditionally urban enclaves, while also expanding rapidly eastward into suburban Nassau County (拿騷縣) on Long Island (長島), as the New York metropolitan region and New York State have become the top destinations for new Chinese immigrants, respectively, and large-scale Chinese immigration continues into New York City and surrounding areas. In 2012, 6.3% of New York City was of Chinese ethnicity, with nearly three-fourths living in either Queens or Brooklyn, geographically on Long Island. A community numbering 20,000 Korean-Chinese (Chaoxianzu (Chinese: 朝鲜族) or Joseonjok (Hangul: 조선족)) is centered in Flushing, Queens, while New York City is also home to the largest Tibetan population outside China, India, and Nepal, also centered in Queens. Koreans made up 1.2% of the city's population, and Japanese 0.3%. Filipinos were the largest Southeast Asian ethnic group at 0.8%, followed by Vietnamese, who made up 0.2% of New York City's population in 2010. Indians are the largest South Asian group, comprising 2.4% of the city's population, with Bangladeshis and Pakistanis at 0.7% and 0.5%, respectively. Queens is the preferred borough of settlement for Asian Indians, Koreans, and Filipinos, as well as Malaysians and other Southeast Asians; while Brooklyn is receiving large numbers of both West Indian as well as Asian Indian immigrants.", " The Asian population in New York City exceeds one million, making it the city with the largest Asian population in the US. Queens is the most ethnically diverse urban area in the world and home to the largest Asian American and Andean populations in the US. The Chinese population is the fastest-growing nationality in New York State, with multiple Chinatowns in Brooklyn and Queens, and expansion into suburban Nassau County. In 2012, 6.3% of New York City was Chinese, with large Korean-Chinese and Tibetan populations in Queens. Koreans made up 1.2% and Japanese 0.3% of the city's population. Filipinos were the largest Southeast Asian group at 0.8%, followed by Vietnamese at 0.2%. Indians were the largest South Asian group, comprising 2.4% of the city's population, with significant numbers of Asian Indians, Koreans, and Filipinos settling in Queens, and large West Indian and Asian Indian immigration to Brooklyn.", 7)
("New York City has the largest European and non-Hispanic white population of any American city. At 2.7 million in 2012, New York's non-Hispanic white population is larger than the non-Hispanic white populations of Los Angeles (1.1 million), Chicago (865,000), and Houston (550,000) combined. The European diaspora residing in the city is very diverse. According to 2012 Census estimates, there were roughly 560,000 Italian Americans, 385,000 Irish Americans, 253,000 German Americans, 223,000 Russian Americans, 201,000 Polish Americans, and 137,000 English Americans. Additionally, Greek and French Americans numbered 65,000 each, with those of Hungarian descent estimated at 60,000 people. Ukrainian and Scottish Americans numbered 55,000 and 35,000, respectively. People identifying ancestry from Spain numbered 30,838 total in 2010. People of Norwegian and Swedish descent both stood at about 20,000 each, while people of Czech, Lithuanian, Portuguese, Scotch-Irish, and Welsh descent all numbered between 12,000–14,000 people. Arab Americans number over 160,000 in New York City, with the highest concentration in Brooklyn. Central Asians, primarily Uzbek Americans, are a rapidly growing segment of the city's non-Hispanic white population, enumerating over 30,000, and including over half of all Central Asian immigrants to the United States, most settling in Queens or Brooklyn. Albanian Americans are most highly concentrated in the Bronx.", ' New York City had the largest non-Hispanic white population of any American city in 2012, with approximately 2.7 million residents. The European diaspora in New York was diverse, with large populations of Italian (560,000), Irish (385,000), German (253,000), Russian (223,000), Polish (201,000), English (137,000), Greek (65,000), French (65,000), Hungarian (60,000), Ukrainian (55,000), Scottish (35,000), Spanish (30,838), Norwegian (about 20,000), Swedish (about 20,000), Czech (12,000-14,000), Lithuanian (12,000-14,000), Portuguese (12,000-14,000), Scotch-Irish (12,000-14,000), and Welsh (12,000-14,000) Americans. Arab Americans numbered over 160,000, primarily in Brooklyn. Central Asians, mainly Uzbek Americans, were a rapidly growing segment, with over 30,000 residents, mostly in Queens or Brooklyn. Albanian Americans were most concentrated in the Bronx.', 8)
("The wider New York City metropolitan area, with over 20 million people, about 50% greater than the second-place Los Angeles metropolitan area in the United States, is also ethnically diverse. The New York region continues to be by far the leading metropolitan gateway for legal immigrants admitted into the United States, substantially exceeding the combined totals of Los Angeles and Miami, the next most popular gateway regions. It is home to the largest Jewish as well as Israeli communities outside Israel, with the Jewish population in the region numbering over 1.5 million in 2012 and including many diverse Jewish sects from around the Middle East and Eastern Europe. The metropolitan area is also home to 20% of the nation's Indian Americans and at least 20 Little India enclaves, as well as 15% of all Korean Americans and four Koreatowns; the largest Asian Indian population in the Western Hemisphere; the largest Russian American, Italian American, and African American populations; the largest Dominican American, Puerto Rican American, and South American and second-largest overall Hispanic population in the United States, numbering 4.8 million; and includes at least 6 established Chinatowns within New York City alone, with the urban agglomeration comprising a population of 779,269 overseas Chinese as of 2013 Census estimates, the largest outside of Asia.", ' The New York City metropolitan area, with over 20 million people, is the most populous and ethnically diverse in the US. It is the leading gateway for legal immigrants, with large Jewish, Israeli, Indian, Korean, Asian Indian, Russian, Italian, African American, Dominican American, Puerto Rican American, South American, and Hispanic populations, as well as numerous Little India and Koreatowns, and six Chinatowns within New York City. The region has the largest Jewish, Israeli, Russian American, Italian American, African American, Dominican American, Puerto Rican American, and South American populations, and the largest Indian, Korean, Asian Indian, and Russian populations in the US. It is home to the largest overseas Chinese population outside Asia.', 7)
('Ecuador, Colombia, Guyana, Peru, and Brazil were the top source countries from South America for legal immigrants to the New York City region in 2013; the Dominican Republic, Jamaica, Haiti, and Trinidad and Tobago in the Caribbean; Egypt, Ghana, and Nigeria from Africa; and El Salvador, Honduras, and Guatemala in Central America. Amidst a resurgence of Puerto Rican migration to New York City, this population had increased to approximately 1.3 million in the metropolitan area as of 2013.', ' The top source countries for legal immigrants to the New York City region in 2013 were Ecuador, Colombia, Guyana, Peru, and Brazil from South America; the Dominican Republic, Jamaica, Haiti, and Trinidad and Tobago from the Caribbean; Egypt, Ghana, and Nigeria from Africa; and El Salvador, Honduras, and Guatemala from Central America. Additionally, there was a significant increase in Puerto Rican migration to New York City, with a population of approximately 1.3 million in the metropolitan area.', 9)
("The New York metropolitan area is home to a self-identifying gay and bisexual community estimated at 568,903 individuals, the largest in the United States and one of the world's largest. Same-sex marriages in New York were legalized on June 24, 2011 and were authorized to take place beginning 30 days thereafter.", ' The New York metropolitan area has the largest self-identifying gay and bisexual community in the US, numbering 568,903 individuals. Same-sex marriages were legalized on June 24, 2011, and could be performed 30 days later.', 9)
("Christianity (59%), particularly Catholicism (33%), was the most prevalently practiced religion in New York as of 2014, followed by Judaism, with approximately 1.1 million Jews in New York City, over half living in Brooklyn. Islam ranks third in New York City, with official estimates ranging between 600,000 and 1,000,000 observers and including 10% of the city's public schoolchildren, followed by Hinduism, Buddhism, and a variety of other religions, as well as atheism. In 2014, 24% self-identified with no organized religious affiliation.", ' Christianity (59%) is the most practiced religion in New York, with Catholicism being the largest denomination (33%). Approximately 1.1 million Jews reside in New York City, primarily in Brooklyn. Islam is the third most practiced religion, with an estimated 600,000 to 1,000,000 followers, including 10% of public schoolchildren. Hinduism, Buddhism, and other religions, as well as atheism, are also represented. In 2014, 24% of New Yorkers identified with no organized religious affiliation.', 8)
('New York City has a high degree of income disparity as indicated by its Gini Coefficient of 0.5 for the city overall and 0.6 for Manhattan. The disparity is driven by wage growth in high-income brackets, while wages have stagnated for middle and lower-income brackets. In the first quarter of 2014, the average weekly wage in New York County (Manhattan) was $2,749, representing the highest total among large counties in the United States. In 2013, New York City had the highest number of billionaires of any city in the world, higher than the next five U.S. cities combined, including former Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg. New York also had the highest density of millionaires per capita among major U.S. cities in 2014, at 4.6% of residents. Lower Manhattan has been experiencing a baby boom, with the area south of Canal Street witnessing 1,086 births in 2010, 12% greater than 2009 and over twice the number born in 2001.', " New York City has a large income disparity with high Gini Coefficients for the city (0.5) and Manhattan (0.6). Wage growth is concentrated in high-income brackets, while wages stagnate for middle and lower-income brackets. Manhattan's average weekly wage in Q1 2014 was the highest among large U.S. counties ($2,749). In 2013, New York City had the most billionaires of any city globally, and the highest millionaire density per capita (4.6%) among major U.S. cities. Lower Manhattan experienced a baby boom in 2010, with 1,086 births, a 12% increase from 2009, and more than double the number born in 2001.", 8)
("New York is a global hub of international business and commerce. In 2012, New York City topped the first Global Economic Power Index, published by The Atlantic (to be differentiated from a namesake list published by the Martin Prosperity Institute), with cities ranked according to criteria reflecting their presence on similar lists as published by other entities. The city is a major center for banking and finance, retailing, world trade, transportation, tourism, real estate, new media as well as traditional media, advertising, legal services, accountancy, insurance, theater, fashion, and the arts in the United States; while Silicon Alley, metonymous for New York's broad-spectrum high technology sphere, continues to expand. The Port of New York and New Jersey is also a major economic engine, handling record cargo volume in the first half of 2014.", " New York City, a global business hub, ranked first in the 2012 Global Economic Power Index. Known for banking, finance, retail, world trade, transportation, tourism, real estate, new media, legal services, accountancy, insurance, theater, fashion, arts, and Silicon Alley's high tech sector. The Port of New York and New Jersey contributes significantly with record cargo volume.", 8)
('Many Fortune 500 corporations are headquartered in New York City, as are a large number of foreign corporations. One out of ten private sector jobs in the city is with a foreign company. New York City has been ranked first among cities across the globe in attracting capital, business, and tourists. This ability to attract foreign investment helped New York City top the FDi Magazine American Cities of the Future ranking for 2013.', " New York City is home to numerous Fortune 500 and foreign corporations, accounting for one in ten private sector jobs. The city consistently ranks first in attracting capital, business, and tourists globally, making it the top city in FDI Magazine's American Cities of the Future ranking for 2013 due to its ability to draw foreign investment.", 9)
("Real estate is a major force in the city's economy, as the total value of all New York City property was assessed at US$914.8 billion for the 2015 fiscal year. The Time Warner Center is the property with the highest-listed market value in the city, at US$1.1 billion in 2006. New York City is home to some of the nation's—and the world's—most valuable real estate. 450 Park Avenue was sold on July 2, 2007 for US$510 million, about $1,589 per square foot ($17,104/m²), breaking the barely month-old record for an American office building of $1,476 per square foot ($15,887/m²) set in the June 2007 sale of 660 Madison Avenue. According to Forbes, in 2014, Manhattan was home to six of the top ten zip codes in the United States by median housing price.", " New York City's real estate economy was worth $914.8 billion in 2015. The Time Warner Center had the highest market value at $1.1 billion in 2006. Manhattan had some of the most valuable real estate in the US and world. In 2007, 450 Park Avenue was sold for $510 million, or $1,589 per square foot, breaking the record for an American office building. Manhattan's Manhattan's six zip codes had the top ten median housing prices in the US in 2014.", 7)
('As of 2013, the global advertising agencies of Omnicom Group and Interpublic Group, both based in Manhattan, had combined annual revenues of approximately US$21 billion, reflecting New York City\'s role as the top global center for the advertising industry, which is metonymously referred to as "Madison Avenue". The city\'s fashion industry provides approximately 180,000 employees with $11 billion in annual wages.', ' New York City is home to the two largest global advertising agencies, Omnicom Group and Interpublic Group, with a combined annual revenue of around $21 billion. The city\'s fashion industry employs approximately 180,000 people and pays out $11 billion in annual wages. New York City is known as the hub of the advertising industry, often referred to metonymically as "Madison Avenue."', 8)
("Other important sectors include medical research and technology, non-profit institutions, and universities. Manufacturing accounts for a significant but declining share of employment, although the city's garment industry is showing a resurgence in Brooklyn. Food processing is a US$5 billion industry that employs more than 19,000 residents.", ' The text mentions the significance of medical research and technology, non-profit institutions, universities, and a resurging garment industry in employment in the city. Manufacturing has a declining share of employment, but food processing, a $5 billion industry, employs over 19,000 residents.', 8)
('Chocolate is New York City\'s leading specialty-food export, with up to US$234 million worth of exports each year. Entrepreneurs were forming a "Chocolate District" in Brooklyn as of 2014, while Godiva, one of the world\'s largest chocolatiers, continues to be headquartered in Manhattan.', ' New York City exports approximately US$234 million worth of chocolate annually. Entrepreneurs were creating a "Chocolate District" in Brooklyn by 2014, and Godiva, a large chocolatier, is based in Manhattan.', 8)
("New York City's most important economic sector lies in its role as the headquarters for the U.S.financial industry, metonymously known as Wall Street. The city's securities industry, enumerating 163,400 jobs in August 2013, continues to form the largest segment of the city's financial sector and an important economic engine, accounting in 2012 for 5 percent of the city's private sector jobs, 8.5 percent (US$3.8 billion) of its tax revenue, and 22 percent of the city's total wages, including an average salary of US$360,700. Many large financial companies are headquartered in New York City, and the city is also home to a burgeoning number of financial startup companies.", " New York City's financial industry, referred to as Wall Street, is its most significant economic sector. The securities industry, with 163,400 jobs in 2013, is the largest segment and contributes 5% of private sector jobs, 8.5% of tax revenue ($3.8 billion), and 22% of total wages, including an average salary of $360,700. Many large financial companies and startups are headquartered in the city.", 8)
("Lower Manhattan is the third-largest central business district in the United States and is home to the New York Stock Exchange, on Wall Street, and the NASDAQ, at 165 Broadway, representing the world's largest and second largest stock exchanges, respectively, when measured both by overall average daily trading volume and by total market capitalization of their listed companies in 2013. Investment banking fees on Wall Street totaled approximately $40 billion in 2012, while in 2013, senior New York City bank officers who manage risk and compliance functions earned as much as $324,000 annually. In fiscal year 2013–14, Wall Street's securities industry generated 19% of New York State's tax revenue. New York City remains the largest global center for trading in public equity and debt capital markets, driven in part by the size and financial development of the U.S. economy.:31–32 In July 2013, NYSE Euronext, the operator of the New York Stock Exchange, took over the administration of the London interbank offered rate from the British Bankers Association. New York also leads in hedge fund management; private equity; and the monetary volume of mergers and acquisitions. Several investment banks and investment mangers headquartered in Manhattan are important participants in other global financial centers.:34–35 New York is also the principal commercial banking center of the United States.", ' Lower Manhattan is the third-largest business district in the US, home to the NYSE and NASDAQ, with total investment banking fees of $40 billion in 2012. In 2013, senior NYC bank officers earned up to $324,000. Wall Street generated 19% of NY state tax revenue. New York leads in equity and debt trading, took over LIBOR administration, and is a global hub for hedge funds, private equity, and mergers & acquisitions. Manhattan is the principal commercial banking center of the US.', 8)
("Many of the world's largest media conglomerates are also based in the city. Manhattan contained over 500 million square feet (46.5 million m2) of office space in 2015, making it the largest office market in the United States, while Midtown Manhattan, with nearly 400 million square feet (37.2 million m2) in 2015, is the largest central business district in the world.", ' Manhattan is home to the largest office market in the US, with over 500 million square feet, and Midtown Manhattan, with approximately 400 million square feet, is the largest central business district globally.', 8)
('Silicon Alley, centered in Manhattan, has evolved into a metonym for the sphere encompassing the New York City metropolitan region\'s high technology industries involving the Internet, new media, telecommunications, digital media, software development, biotechnology, game design, financial technology ("fintech"), and other fields within information technology that are supported by its entrepreneurship ecosystem and venture capital investments. In the first half of 2015, Silicon Alley generated over US$3.7 billion in venture capital investment across a broad spectrum of high technology enterprises, most based in Manhattan, with others in Brooklyn, Queens, and elsewhere in the region. High technology startup companies and employment are growing in New York City and the region, bolstered by the city\'s position in North America as the leading Internet hub and telecommunications center, including its vicinity to several transatlantic fiber optic trunk lines, New York\'s intellectual capital, and its extensive outdoor wireless connectivity. Verizon Communications, headquartered at 140 West Street in Lower Manhattan, was at the final stages in 2014 of completing a US$3 billion fiberoptic telecommunications upgrade throughout New York City. As of 2014, New York City hosted 300,000 employees in the tech sector.', " Silicon Alley, located in Manhattan, represents New York City's high technology industries, including Internet, new media, telecommunications, digital media, software development, biotechnology, game design, fintech, and other IT fields. In the first half of 2015, the region received over $3.7 billion in venture capital investment. High technology startups and employment are increasing due to New York City's status as a leading Internet hub and telecommunications center, intellectual capital, and extensive outdoor wireless connectivity. Verizon Communications was upgrading its fiberoptic telecommunications system in the city for $3 billion. As of 2014, the tech sector employed 300,000 people in New York City.", 8)
("The biotechnology sector is also growing in New York City, based upon the city's strength in academic scientific research and public and commercial financial support. On December 19, 2011, then Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg announced his choice of Cornell University and Technion-Israel Institute of Technology to build a US$2 billion graduate school of applied sciences called Cornell Tech on Roosevelt Island with the goal of transforming New York City into the world's premier technology capital. By mid-2014, Accelerator, a biotech investment firm, had raised more than US$30 million from investors, including Eli Lilly and Company, Pfizer, and Johnson & Johnson, for initial funding to create biotechnology startups at the Alexandria Center for Life Science, which encompasses more than 700,000 square feet (65,000 m2) on East 29th Street and promotes collaboration among scientists and entrepreneurs at the center and with nearby academic, medical, and research institutions. The New York City Economic Development Corporation's Early Stage Life Sciences Funding Initiative and venture capital partners, including Celgene, General Electric Ventures, and Eli Lilly, committed a minimum of US$100 million to help launch 15 to 20 ventures in life sciences and biotechnology.", " New York City's biotechnology sector is growing due to academic research and financial support. In 2011, Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg announced the creation of Cornell Tech, a US$2 billion graduate school of applied sciences on Roosevelt Island. By mid-2014, Accelerator raised US$30 million for biotech startups at the Alexandria Center for Life Science. The New York City Economic Development Corporation and venture capital partners committed a minimum of US$130 million to launch 15-20 life sciences and biotechnology ventures. Investors include Eli Lilly, Pfizer, Johnson & Johnson, Celgene, and General Electric Ventures.", 8)
('Tourism is a vital industry for New York City, which has witnessed a growing combined volume of international and domestic tourists – receiving approximately 51 million tourists in 2011, 54 million in 2013, and a record 56.4 million in 2014. Tourism generated an all-time high US$61.3 billion in overall economic impact for New York City in 2014.', ' New York City had 51 million tourists in 2011, 54 million in 2013, and a record 56.4 million in 2014. The tourism industry generated $61.3 billion in economic impact in 2014.', 8)
('I Love New York (stylized I ❤ NY) is both a logo and a song that are the basis of an advertising campaign and have been used since 1977 to promote tourism in New York City, and later to promote New York State as well. The trademarked logo, owned by New York State Empire State Development, appears in souvenir shops and brochures throughout the city and state, some licensed, many not. The song is the state song of New York.', ' The "I ❤ NY" logo and song, used for promoting tourism in New York City and later New York State since 1977, are part of an advertising campaign. The logo, owned by New York State Empire State Development, is widely used in souvenir shops and brochures. The song is the official state song of New York.', 8)
("Major tourist destinations include Times Square; Broadway theater productions; the Empire State Building; the Statue of Liberty; Ellis Island; the United Nations Headquarters; museums such as the Metropolitan Museum of Art; greenspaces such as Central Park and Washington Square Park; Rockefeller Center; the Manhattan Chinatown; luxury shopping along Fifth and Madison Avenues; and events such as the Halloween Parade in Greenwich Village; the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade; the lighting of the Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree; the St. Patrick's Day parade; seasonal activities such as ice skating in Central Park in the wintertime; the Tribeca Film Festival; and free performances in Central Park at Summerstage. Major attractions in the boroughs outside Manhattan include Flushing Meadows-Corona Park and the Unisphere in Queens; the Bronx Zoo; Coney Island, Brooklyn; and the New York Botanical Garden in the Bronx. The New York Wheel, a 630-foot ferris wheel, was under construction at the northern shore of Staten Island in 2015, overlooking the Statue of Liberty, New York Harbor, and the Lower Manhattan skyline.", " Times Square, Broadway, Empire State Building, Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island, United Nations, Metropolitan Museum of Art, Central Park, Washington Square Park, Rockefeller Center, Chinatown, Fifth and Madison Avenues, Halloween Parade, Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree, St. Patrick's Day parade, ice skating in Central Park, Tribeca Film Festival, Summerstage, Flushing Meadows-Corona Park, Unisphere, Bronx Zoo, Coney Island, New York Botanical Garden, New York Wheel. Major tourist attractions in Manhattan and the boroughs outside Manhattan. Includes landmarks, museums, parks, events, shopping, and construction of New York Wheel in Staten Island.", 7)
("Manhattan was on track to have an estimated 90,000 hotel rooms at the end of 2014, a 10% increase from 2013. In October 2014, the Anbang Insurance Group, based in China, purchased the Waldorf Astoria New York for US$1.95 billion, making it the world's most expensive hotel ever sold.", ' In 2014, Manhattan was projected to have around 90,000 hotel rooms, a 10% increase from the previous year. The Waldorf Astoria New York was sold to the Anbang Insurance Group from China for a record-breaking $1.95 billion, making it the most expensive hotel ever sold.', 9)
('New York is a prominent location for the American entertainment industry, with many films, television series, books, and other media being set there. As of 2012, New York City was the second largest center for filmmaking and television production in the United States, producing about 200 feature films annually, employing 130,000 individuals, and generating an estimated $7.1 billion in direct expenditures, and by volume, New York is the world leader in independent film production; one-third of all American independent films are produced in New York City. The Association of Independent Commercial Producers is also based in New York. In the first five months of 2014 alone, location filming for television pilots in New York City exceeded the record production levels for all of 2013, with New York surpassing Los Angeles as the top North American city for the same distinction during the 2013/2014 cycle.', " New York is a major hub for American entertainment industry, producing around 200 feature films yearly and employing 130,000 people, generating $7.1 billion in direct expenditures. It's the world leader in independent film production, with one-third of all American independent films produced there. The Association of Independent Commercial Producers is based in New York. In the first five months of 2014, New York surpassed Los Angeles as the top North American city for television pilot location filming, exceeding the production levels for all of 2013.", 9)
("New York City is additionally a center for the advertising, music, newspaper, digital media, and publishing industries and is also the largest media market in North America. Some of the city's media conglomerates and institutions include Time Warner, the Thomson Reuters Corporation, the Associated Press, Bloomberg L.P., the News Corporation, The New York Times Company, NBCUniversal, the Hearst Corporation, AOL, and Viacom. Seven of the world's top eight global advertising agency networks have their headquarters in New York. Two of the top three record labels' headquarters are in New York: Sony Music Entertainment and Warner Music Group. Universal Music Group also has offices in New York. New media enterprises are contributing an increasingly important component to the city's central role in the media sphere.", " New York City is a major hub for advertising, music, newspaper, digital media, and publishing industries, and home to numerous media conglomerates and institutions such as Time Warner, Thomson Reuters Corporation, Associated Press, Bloomberg L.P., News Corporation, The New York Times Company, NBCUniversal, Hearst Corporation, AOL, Viacom, Sony Music Entertainment, Warner Music Group, and Universal Music Group. Seven of the top eight global advertising agency networks are headquartered in New York. Two of the top three record labels, Sony Music Entertainment and Warner Music Group, have headquarters there, with Universal Music Group having offices. New media enterprises are growing in importance to New York's central role in the media industry.", 8)
("More than 200 newspapers and 350 consumer magazines have an office in the city, and the publishing industry employs about 25,000 people. Two of the three national daily newspapers in the United States are New York papers: The Wall Street Journal and The New York Times, which has won the most Pulitzer Prizes for journalism. Major tabloid newspapers in the city include: The New York Daily News, which was founded in 1919 by Joseph Medill Patterson and The New York Post, founded in 1801 by Alexander Hamilton. The city also has a comprehensive ethnic press, with 270 newspapers and magazines published in more than 40 languages. El Diario La Prensa is New York's largest Spanish-language daily and the oldest in the nation. The New York Amsterdam News, published in Harlem, is a prominent African American newspaper. The Village Voice is the largest alternative newspaper.", ' Over 200 newspapers and 350 consumer magazines have offices in New York City, employing approximately 25,000 people. Two national daily newspapers, The Wall Street Journal and The New York Times, are based in the city, along with major tabloids The New York Daily News (founded 1919) and The New York Post (founded 1801). The city hosts a diverse ethnic press with 270 publications in over 40 languages. Notable ethnic newspapers include El Diario La Prensa (largest Spanish-language daily) and The New York Amsterdam News (prominent African American newspaper). The Village Voice is the largest alternative newspaper.', 9)
("The television industry developed in New York and is a significant employer in the city's economy. The three major American broadcast networks are all headquartered in New York: ABC, CBS, and NBC. Many cable networks are based in the city as well, including MTV, Fox News, HBO, Showtime, Bravo, Food Network, AMC, and Comedy Central. The City of New York operates a public broadcast service, NYCTV, that has produced several original Emmy Award-winning shows covering music and culture in city neighborhoods and city government.", ' The television industry is a major employer in New York City, with ABC, CBS, NBC, MTV, Fox News, HBO, Showtime, Bravo, Food Network, AMC, and Comedy Central headquartered there. The City of New York operates a public broadcast service, NYCTV, producing Emmy Award-winning shows.', 8)
("New York is also a major center for non-commercial educational media. The oldest public-access television channel in the United States is the Manhattan Neighborhood Network, founded in 1971. WNET is the city's major public television station and a primary source of national Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) television programming. WNYC, a public radio station owned by the city until 1997, has the largest public radio audience in the United States.", " New York is home to significant non-commercial educational media. The Manhattan Neighborhood Network, established in 1971, is the oldest public-access television channel in the US. WNET is the city's major public television station, providing PBS programming. WNYC, a public radio station, has the largest audience in the US until its privatization in 1997.", 7)
("The New York City Public Schools system, managed by the New York City Department of Education, is the largest public school system in the United States, serving about 1.1 million students in more than 1,700 separate primary and secondary schools. The city's public school system includes nine specialized high schools to serve academically and artistically gifted students.", ' The New York City Public Schools system, run by the New York City Department of Education, is the biggest in the US with approximately 1.1 million students in over 1,700 schools. It has nine specialized high schools for academically and artistically talented students.', 8)
('The New York City Charter School Center assists the setup of new charter schools. There are approximately 900 additional privately run secular and religious schools in the city.', ' The New York City Charter School Center helps establish new charter schools in the city. Approximately 900 privately run secular and religious schools exist in addition to charter schools.', 8)
("Over 600,000 students are enrolled in New York City's over 120 higher education institutions, the highest number of any city in the United States, including over half million in the City University of New York (CUNY) system alone in 2014. In 2005, three out of five Manhattan residents were college graduates, and one out of four had a postgraduate degree, forming one of the highest concentrations of highly educated people in any American city. New York City is home to such notable private universities as Barnard College, Columbia University, Cooper Union, Fordham University, New York University, New York Institute of Technology, Pace University, and Yeshiva University. The public CUNY system is one of the largest universities in the nation, comprising 24 institutions across all five boroughs: senior colleges, community colleges, and other graduate/professional schools. The public State University of New York (SUNY) system also serves New York City, as well as the rest of the state. The city also has other smaller private colleges and universities, including many religious and special-purpose institutions, such as St. John's University, The Juilliard School, Manhattan College, The College of Mount Saint Vincent, The New School, Pratt Institute, The School of Visual Arts, The King's College, and Wagner College.", " Over 600,000 students attend New York City's 120 higher education institutions in 2014, with half a million in the CUNY system. Manhattan had three out of five college graduates and one in four with postgraduate degrees. Notable private universities include Barnard, Columbia, Cooper Union, Fordham, NYU, NYIT, Pace, and Yeshiva. The public CUNY and SUNY systems serve the city, along with smaller private colleges like St. John's, The Juilliard School, Manhattan College, The College of Mount Saint Vincent, The New School, Pratt Institute, The School of Visual Arts, The Kings College, and Wagner College.", 7)
("The New York Public Library, which has the largest collection of any public library system in the United States, serves Manhattan, the Bronx, and Staten Island. Queens is served by the Queens Borough Public Library, the nation's second largest public library system, while the Brooklyn Public Library serves Brooklyn.", ' The New York Public Library serves Manhattan, The Bronx, and Staten Island with the largest public library system in the US. Queens is served by the second largest system, Queens Borough Public Library. Brooklyn is served by the Brooklyn Public Library.', 8)
("The New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation (HHC) operates the public hospitals and clinics in New York City. A public benefit corporation with $6.7 billion in annual revenues, HHC is the largest municipal healthcare system in the United States serving 1.4 million patients, including more than 475,000 uninsured city residents. HHC was created in 1969 by the New York State Legislature as a public benefit corporation (Chapter 1016 of the Laws 1969). It is similar to a municipal agency but has a Board of Directors. HHC operates 11 acute care hospitals, five nursing homes, six diagnostic and treatment centers, and more than 70 community-based primary care sites, serving primarily the poor and working class. HHC's MetroPlus Health Plan is one of the New York area's largest providers of government-sponsored health insurance and is the plan of choice for nearly half million New Yorkers.", " The New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation (HHC), a public benefit corporation with $6.7 billion annual revenues, operates public hospitals and clinics in New York City. Serving 1.4 million patients, including 475,000 uninsured residents, HHC was created in 1969 and has a Board of Directors. It operates 11 acute care hospitals, five nursing homes, six diagnostic and treatment centers, and over 70 community-based primary care sites. HHC's MetroPlus Health Plan is a major provider of government-sponsored health insurance for nearly half a million New Yorkers.", 8)
('The most well-known hospital in the HHC system is Bellevue Hospital, the oldest public hospital in the United States. Bellevue is the designated hospital for treatment of the President of the United States and other world leaders if they become sick or injured while in New York City. The president of HHC is Ramanathan Raju, MD, a surgeon and former CEO of the Cook County health system in Illinois.', " Bellevue Hospital, the oldest public hospital in the US and part of the HHC system, is renowned as the designated medical facility for treating the President and other world leaders in New York City. HHC's president is Ramanathan Raju, MD, a surgeon and former CEO of Cook County health system in Illinois.", 8)
("The New York City Police Department (NYPD) has been the largest police force in the United States by a significant margin, with over 35,000 sworn officers. Members of the NYPD are frequently referred to by politicians, the media, and their own police cars by the nickname, New York's Finest.", ' The NYPD, with over 35,000 sworn officers, is the largest police force in the US and is often referred to as "New York\'s Finest."', 8)
("In 2012, New York City had the lowest overall crime rate and the second lowest murder rate among the largest U.S. cities, having become significantly safer after a spike in crime in the 1970s through 1990s. Violent crime in New York City decreased more than 75% from 1993 to 2005, and continued decreasing during periods when the nation as a whole saw increases. By 2002, New York City's crime rate was similar to that of Provo, Utah, and was ranked 197th in crime among the 216 U.S. cities with populations greater than 100,000. In 2005 the homicide rate was at its lowest level since 1966, and in 2007 the city recorded fewer than 500 homicides for the first time ever since crime statistics were first published in 1963. In the first six months of 2010, 95.1% of all murder victims and 95.9% of all shooting victims in New York City were black or Hispanic; additionally, 90.2 percent of those arrested for murder and 96.7 percent of those arrested for shooting someone were black or Hispanic. New York experienced a record low of 328 homicides in 2014 and has a far lower murder rate than other major American cities.", " New York City had the lowest overall crime rate and second-lowest murder rate among large U.S. cities in 2012. Crime decreased by over 75% from 1993 to 2005, and the city's crime rate was similar to Provo, Utah, by 2002. The homicide rate reached its lowest level since 1966 in 2005, and fewer than 500 homicides were recorded in 2007. In the first half of 2010, 95.1% of murder victims and 95.9% of shooting victims were black or Hispanic, and 90.2% of those arrested for murder and 96.7% for shooting were also black or Hispanic. New York had a record low of 328 homicides in 2014 and a lower murder rate than other major American cities.", 8)
('Organized crime has long been associated with New York City, beginning with the Forty Thieves and the Roach Guards in the Five Points in the 1820s. The 20th century saw a rise in the Mafia, dominated by the Five Families, as well as in gangs, including the Black Spades. The Mafia presence has declined in the city in the 21st century.', " Organized crime in New York City dates back to the 1820s with groups like the Forty Thieves and Roach Guards in Five Points. The 20th century brought an increase in the Mafia, led by the Five Families, and gangs such as the Black Spades. The Mafia's presence in the city has decreased in the 21st century.", 8)
("The New York City Fire Department (FDNY), provides fire protection, technical rescue, primary response to biological, chemical, and radioactive hazards, and emergency medical services for the five boroughs of New York City. The New York City Fire Department is the largest municipal fire department in the United States and the second largest in the world after the Tokyo Fire Department. The FDNY employs approximately 11,080 uniformed firefighters and over 3,300 uniformed EMTs and paramedics. The FDNY's motto is New York's Bravest.", ' The New York City Fire Department (FDNY) is the largest municipal fire department in the US and second largest in the world, employing around 11,080 firefighters and over 3,300 EMTs and paramedics. The FDNY offers fire protection, technical rescue, response to biological, chemical, and radioactive hazards, and emergency medical services in the five boroughs of New York City. Its motto is "New York\'s Bravest."', 9)
('The New York City Fire Department faces highly multifaceted firefighting challenges in many ways unique to New York. In addition to responding to building types that range from wood-frame single family homes to high-rise structures, there are many secluded bridges and tunnels, as well as large parks and wooded areas that can give rise to brush fires. New York is also home to one of the largest subway systems in the world, consisting of hundreds of miles of tunnel with electrified track.', ' The New York City Fire Department deals with complex firefighting issues due to various building types, secluded bridges and tunnels, large parks, and wooded areas that can cause brush fires. New York features a vast subway system with electrified tunnels.', 7)
('The FDNY headquarters is located at 9 MetroTech Center in Downtown Brooklyn, and the FDNY Fire Academy is located on Randalls Island. There are three Bureau of Fire Communications alarm offices which receive and dispatch alarms to appropriate units. One office, at 11 Metrotech Center in Brooklyn, houses Manhattan/Citywide, Brooklyn, and Staten Island Fire Communications. The Bronx and Queens offices are in separate buildings.', ' The FDNY headquarters is at 9 MetroTech Center in Brooklyn, with the Fire Academy on Randalls Island. Three alarm offices exist, one at 11 Metrotech Center in Brooklyn (Manhattan/Citywide, Brooklyn, Staten Island Fire Communications), and separate offices for Bronx and Queens communications.', 8)
("Numerous major American cultural movements began in the city, such as the Harlem Renaissance, which established the African-American literary canon in the United States. The city was a center of jazz in the 1940s, abstract expressionism in the 1950s, and the birthplace of hip hop in the 1970s. The city's punk and hardcore scenes were influential in the 1970s and 1980s. New York has long had a flourishing scene for Jewish American literature.", ' New York City was a significant birthplace and center for various major American cultural movements including the Harlem Renaissance, jazz in the 1940s, abstract expressionism in the 1950s, birthplace of hip hop in the 1970s, punk and hardcore scenes in the 1970s and 1980s, and Jewish American literature.', 8)
("The city is the birthplace of many cultural movements, including the Harlem Renaissance in literature and visual art; abstract expressionism (also known as the New York School) in painting; and hip hop, punk, salsa, disco, freestyle, Tin Pan Alley, and Jazz in music. New York City has been considered the dance capital of the world. The city is also widely celebrated in popular lore, frequently the setting for books, movies (see List of films set in New York City), and television programs. New York Fashion Week is one of the world's preeminent fashion events and is afforded extensive coverage by the media. New York has also frequently been ranked the top fashion capital of the world on the annual list compiled by the Global Language Monitor.", " New York City is known for its cultural movements in literature, visual art, music (Harlem Renaissance, abstract expressionism, hip hop, punk, salsa, disco, freestyle, Tin Pan Alley, and Jazz), dance, and fashion. It is frequently featured in books, movies, and television. New York Fashion Week is a major global fashion event. The city is often ranked as the world's top fashion capital.", 8)
("New York City has more than 2,000 arts and cultural organizations and more than 500 art galleries of all sizes. The city government funds the arts with a larger annual budget than the National Endowment for the Arts. Wealthy business magnates in the 19th century built a network of major cultural institutions, such as the famed Carnegie Hall and The Metropolitan Museum of Art, that would become internationally established. The advent of electric lighting led to elaborate theater productions, and in the 1880s, New York City theaters on Broadway and along 42nd Street began featuring a new stage form that became known as the Broadway musical. Strongly influenced by the city's immigrants, productions such as those of Harrigan and Hart, George M. Cohan, and others used song in narratives that often reflected themes of hope and ambition.", " New York City is home to over 2,000 arts and cultural organizations and 500 galleries. The city's government allocates a larger annual budget for arts funding than the National Endowment for the Arts. In the 19th century, wealthy business magnates established internationally recognized institutions like Carnegie Hall and The Metropolitan Museum of Art. The introduction of electric lighting brought about elaborate theater productions, leading to the emergence of Broadway musicals in the 1880s on Broadway and 42nd Street. Immigrants significantly influenced these productions, with shows by Harrigan and Hart, George M. Cohan, and others incorporating songs and narratives reflecting themes of hope and ambition.", 9)
('Forty of the city\'s theaters, with more than 500 seats each, are collectively known as Broadway, after the major thoroughfare that crosses the Times Square Theater District, sometimes referred to as "The Great White Way". According to The Broadway League, Broadway shows sold approximately US$1.27 billion worth of tickets in the 2013–2014 season, an 11.4% increase from US$1.139 billion in the 2012–2013 season. Attendance in 2013–2014 stood at 12.21 million, representing a 5.5% increase from the 2012–2013 season\'s 11.57 million.', ' Forty large theaters in the city, located along Broadway and Times Square, collectively named "Broadway," sold $1.27 billion worth of tickets during the 2013-2014 season, a 11.4% increase from the previous season. Attendance reached 12.21 million, a 5.5% increase from the 2012-2013 season.', 8)
("New York City's food culture includes a variety of international cuisines influenced by the city's immigrant history. Central European and Italian immigrants originally made the city famous for bagels, cheesecake, and New York-style pizza, while Chinese and other Asian restaurants, sandwich joints, trattorias, diners, and coffeehouses have become ubiquitous. Some 4,000 mobile food vendors licensed by the city, many immigrant-owned, have made Middle Eastern foods such as falafel and kebabs popular examples of modern New York street food. The city is also home to nearly one thousand of the finest and most diverse haute cuisine restaurants in the world, according to Michelin. The New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene assigns letter grades to the city's 24,000 restaurants based upon their inspection results.", " New York City's food culture is diverse, influenced by its immigrant history. Notable foods include bagels, cheesecake, New York-style pizza, Chinese and Asian dishes, sandwiches, and Italian cuisine. Over 4,000 licensed mobile food vendors offer Middle Eastern foods like falafel and kebabs. The city has over 1,000 haute cuisine restaurants and is inspected by the Health Department, which assigns letter grades to its 24,000 restaurants.", 7)
('New York City is home to the headquarters of the National Football League, Major League Baseball, the National Basketball Association, the National Hockey League, and Major League Soccer. The New York metropolitan area hosts the most sports teams in these five professional leagues. Participation in professional sports in the city predates all professional leagues, and the city has been continuously hosting professional sports since the birth of the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1882. The city has played host to over forty major professional teams in the five sports and their respective competing leagues, both current and historic. Four of the ten most expensive stadiums ever built worldwide (MetLife Stadium, the new Yankee Stadium, Madison Square Garden, and Citi Field) are located in the New York metropolitan area. Madison Square Garden, its predecessor, as well as the original Yankee Stadium and Ebbets Field, are some of the most famous sporting venues in the world, the latter two having been commemorated on U.S. postage stamps.', ' New York City is the location of the headquarters for the NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, and MLS. It hosts the most teams in these five professional leagues. Professional sports in the city date back to 1882 with the Brooklyn Dodgers. Over forty major professional teams have played in the New York metropolitan area. Four of the ten most expensive stadiums ever built are located there (MetLife Stadium, Yankee Stadium, Madison Square Garden, and Citi Field). Famous venues include Madison Square Garden, the original Yankee Stadium, and Ebbets Field, which have been commemorated on U.S. postage stamps.', 8)
('New York has been described as the "Capital of Baseball". There have been 35 Major League Baseball World Series and 73 pennants won by New York teams. It is one of only five metro areas (Los Angeles, Chicago, Baltimore–Washington, and the San Francisco Bay Area being the others) to have two baseball teams. Additionally, there have been 14 World Series in which two New York City teams played each other, known as a Subway Series and occurring most recently in 2000. No other metropolitan area has had this happen more than once (Chicago in 1906, St. Louis in 1944, and the San Francisco Bay Area in 1989). The city\'s two current Major League Baseball teams are the New York Mets, who play at Citi Field in Queens, and the New York Yankees, who play at Yankee Stadium in the Bronx. who compete in six games of interleague play every regular season that has also come to be called the Subway Series. The Yankees have won a record 27 championships, while the Mets have won the World Series twice. The city also was once home to the Brooklyn Dodgers (now the Los Angeles Dodgers), who won the World Series once, and the New York Giants (now the San Francisco Giants), who won the World Series five times. Both teams moved to California in 1958. There are also two Minor League Baseball teams in the city, the Brooklyn Cyclones and Staten Island Yankees.', ' New York is known as the "Capital of Baseball" with 35 MLB World Series and 73 pennants won by its teams. Two MLB teams, the Mets and Yankees, have two World Series each and compete in the Subway Series. The Yankees hold a record 27 championships. Previously, Brooklyn Dodgers and New York Giants, with one and five World Series wins respectively, were based in New York before moving to California in 1958. Two Minor League Baseball teams, the Brooklyn Cyclones and Staten Island Yankees, are currently in the city. New York is one of five metro areas with two MLB teams and has had the most Subway Series (14). Only Chicago, St. Louis, and the San Francisco Bay Area have had this occurrence.', 7)
('The city is represented in the National Football League by the New York Giants and the New York Jets, although both teams play their home games at MetLife Stadium in nearby East Rutherford, New Jersey, which hosted Super Bowl XLVIII in 2014.', ' The city is home to the New York Giants and New York Jets NFL teams, who play their games at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey, which previously hosted Super Bowl XLVIII.', 8)
('The New York Islanders and the New York Rangers represent the city in the National Hockey League. Also within the metropolitan area are the New Jersey Devils, who play in nearby Newark, New Jersey.', ' The New York Islanders and New York Rangers are NHL teams in New York City. The New Jersey Devils are another NHL team located in Newark, New Jersey, within the metropolitan area.', 8)
("The city's National Basketball Association teams are the Brooklyn Nets and the New York Knicks, while the New York Liberty is the city's Women's National Basketball Association. The first national college-level basketball championship, the National Invitation Tournament, was held in New York in 1938 and remains in the city. The city is well known for its links to basketball, which is played in nearly every park in the city by local youth, many of whom have gone on to play for major college programs and in the NBA.", ' New York is home to the NBA teams Brooklyn Nets and New York Knicks, WNBA team New York Liberty, and hosted the first national college basketball championship, the National Invitation Tournament, in 1938. Basketball is popular in the city, with many local youth playing in parks and advancing to major college programs and the NBA.', 8)
("The annual United States Open Tennis Championships is one of the world's four Grand Slam tennis tournaments and is held at the National Tennis Center in Flushing Meadows-Corona Park, Queens. The New York Marathon is one of the world's largest, and the 2004–2006 events hold the top three places in the marathons with the largest number of finishers, including 37,866 finishers in 2006. The Millrose Games is an annual track and field meet whose featured event is the Wanamaker Mile. Boxing is also a prominent part of the city's sporting scene, with events like the Amateur Boxing Golden Gloves being held at Madison Square Garden each year. The city is also considered the host of the Belmont Stakes, the last, longest and oldest of horse racing's Triple Crown races, held just over the city's border at Belmont Park on the first or second Sunday of June. The city also hosted the 1932 U.S. Open golf tournament and the 1930 and 1939 PGA Championships, and has been host city for both events several times, most notably for nearby Winged Foot Golf Club.", ' The United States Open Tennis Championships, an annual Grand Slam tournament, is held in Flushing Meadows-Corona Park, Queens. New York City hosts the New York Marathon, one of the largest marathons with high finish numbers. The city is known for the Millrose Games track meet and Wanamaker Mile. Boxing events, including the Amateur Boxing Golden Gloves, take place at Madison Square Garden. The Belmont Stakes, the last Triple Crown horse race, is held at Belmont Park. New York City has hosted several golf tournaments, including the U.S. Open and PGA Championships, primarily at Winged Foot Golf Club.', 8)
("Many sports are associated with New York's immigrant communities. Stickball, a street version of baseball, was popularized by youths in the 1930s, and a street in the Bronx was renamed Stickball Boulevard in the late 2000s to memorialize this.", " In the 1930s, stickball, a street variation of baseball, gained popularity among New York City's immigrant communities. A Bronx street was renamed Stickball Boulevard in the late 2000s to honor this tradition.", 8)
('The iconic New York City Subway system is the largest rapid transit system in the world when measured by stations in operation, with 469, and by length of routes. New York\'s subway is notable for nearly the entire system remaining open 24 hours a day, in contrast to the overnight shutdown common to systems in most cities, including Hong Kong, London, Paris, Seoul, and Tokyo. The New York City Subway is also the busiest metropolitan rail transit system in the Western Hemisphere, with 1.75 billion passengers rides in 2014, while Grand Central Terminal, also popularly referred to as "Grand Central Station", is the world\'s largest railway station by number of train platforms.', " The New York City Subway is the largest rapid transit system in the world with 469 stations and longest routes. It remains open 24 hours a day. It is the busiest metropolitan rail transit system in the Western Hemisphere with 1.75 billion passenger rides in 2014. Grand Central Terminal is the world's largest railway station with the most train platforms.", 8)
('Public transport is essential in New York City. 54.6% of New Yorkers commuted to work in 2005 using mass transit. This is in contrast to the rest of the United States, where about 90% of commuters drive automobiles to their workplace. According to the US Census Bureau, New York City residents spend an average of 38.4 minutes a day getting to work, the longest commute time in the nation among large cities. New York is the only US city in which a majority (52%) of households do not have a car; only 22% of Manhattanites own a car. Due to their high usage of mass transit, New Yorkers spend less of their household income on transportation than the national average, saving $19 billion annually on transportation compared to other urban Americans.', " In New York City, over half of the population uses mass transit for commuting, while the national average is around 10% driving. New Yorkers have the longest average commute time among large cities at 38.4 minutes daily. Nearly half of New York City households don't own cars, and Manhattanites have the lowest car ownership rate at 22%. Due to high mass transit usage, New Yorkers save $19 billion annually on transportation compared to other urban Americans.", 7)
("New York City's public bus fleet is the largest in North America, and the Port Authority Bus Terminal, the main intercity bus terminal of the city, serves 7,000 buses and 200,000 commuters daily, making it the busiest bus station in the world.", " New York City's public bus fleet is the largest in North America, with the Port Authority Bus Terminal serving 7,000 buses and 200,000 commuters daily, making it the busiest bus station globally.", 8)
("New York's airspace is the busiest in the United States and one of the world's busiest air transportation corridors. The three busiest airports in the New York metropolitan area include John F. Kennedy International Airport, Newark Liberty International Airport, and LaGuardia Airport; 109 million travelers used these three airports in 2012, and the city's airspace is the busiest in the nation. JFK and Newark Liberty were the busiest and fourth busiest U.S. gateways for international air passengers, respectively, in 2012; as of 2011, JFK was the busiest airport for international passengers in North America. Plans have advanced to expand passenger volume at a fourth airport, Stewart International Airport near Newburgh, New York, by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. Plans were announced in July 2015 to entirely rebuild LaGuardia Airport in a multibillion-dollar project to replace its aging facilities.", " New York's airspace is the busiest in the US and globally, with three of its metropolitan area airports - JFK International, Newark Liberty, and LaGuardia - serving 109 million travelers in 2012. JFK and Newark Liberty were the busiest and fourth busiest US gateways for international passengers, respectively, in 2012, and JFK was the busiest airport for international passengers in North America. Plans are underway to expand passenger volume at Stewart International Airport, and LaGuardia Airport is set for a multibillion-dollar rebuild.", 8)
("The Staten Island Ferry is the world's busiest ferry route, carrying approximately 20 million passengers on the 5.2-mile (8.4 km) route between Staten Island and Lower Manhattan and running 24 hours a day. Other ferry systems shuttle commuters between Manhattan and other locales within the city and the metropolitan area.", " The Staten Island Ferry is the world's busiest ferry route with around 20 million annual passengers on a 5.2-mile journey between Staten Island and Lower Manhattan. It operates 24 hours a day. Other ferry systems serve Manhattan and nearby cities.", 8)
("The George Washington Bridge is the world's busiest motor vehicle bridge, connecting Manhattan to Bergen County, New Jersey. The Verrazano-Narrows Bridge is the longest suspension bridge in the Americas and one of the world's longest. The Brooklyn Bridge is an icon of the city itself. The towers of the Brooklyn Bridge are built of limestone, granite, and Rosendale cement, and their architectural style is neo-Gothic, with characteristic pointed arches above the passageways through the stone towers. This bridge was also the longest suspension bridge in the world from its opening until 1903, and is the first steel-wire suspension bridge.", " The George Washington Bridge is the world's busiest motor vehicle bridge, connecting Manhattan to New Jersey. The Verrazano-Narrows Bridge is the longest suspension bridge in the Americas and among the longest in the world. The Brooklyn Bridge is an iconic New York City landmark, built with limestone, granite, and Rosendale cement in a neo-Gothic style. It was once the longest suspension bridge in the world and the first with steel-wire suspension.", 8)
("Manhattan Island is linked to New York City's outer boroughs and New Jersey by several tunnels as well. The Lincoln Tunnel, which carries 120,000 vehicles a day under the Hudson River between New Jersey and Midtown Manhattan, is the busiest vehicular tunnel in the world. The tunnel was built instead of a bridge to allow unfettered passage of large passenger and cargo ships that sailed through New York Harbor and up the Hudson River to Manhattan's piers. The Holland Tunnel, connecting Lower Manhattan to Jersey City, New Jersey, was the world's first mechanically ventilated vehicular tunnel when it opened in 1927. The Queens-Midtown Tunnel, built to relieve congestion on the bridges connecting Manhattan with Queens and Brooklyn, was the largest non-federal project in its time when it was completed in 1940. President Franklin D. Roosevelt was the first person to drive through it. The Hugh L. Carey Tunnel runs underneath Battery Park and connects the Financial District at the southern tip of Manhattan to Red Hook in Brooklyn.", " Manhattan Island is connected to New York City's outer boroughs and New Jersey through several tunnels. The Lincoln Tunnel, the busiest vehicular tunnel in the world, carries 120,000 vehicles daily under the Hudson River between New Jersey and Midtown Manhattan. The Holland Tunnel, linking Lower Manhattan to Jersey City, was the world's first mechanically ventilated vehicular tunnel. The Queens-Midtown Tunnel, completed in 1940, was the largest non-federal project at that time and relieved congestion on Manhattan's bridges. President Franklin D. Roosevelt was the first to drive through it. The Hugh L. Carey Tunnel connects the Financial District at the southern tip of Manhattan to Red Hook in Brooklyn.", 8)
('New York\'s high rate of public transit use, over 200,000 daily cyclists as of 2014, and many pedestrian commuters make it the most energy-efficient major city in the United States. Walk and bicycle modes of travel account for 21% of all modes for trips in the city; nationally the rate for metro regions is about 8%. In both its 2011 and 2015 rankings, Walk Score named New York City the most walkable large city in the United States. Citibank sponsored the introduction of 10,000 public bicycles for the city\'s bike-share project in the summer of 2013. Research conducted by Quinnipiac University showed that a majority of New Yorkers support the initiative. New York City\'s numerical "in-season cycling indicator" of bicycling in the city hit an all-time high in 2013.', " New York City, with over 200,000 daily cyclists and high public transit use, is the most energy-efficient major city in the US. Walking and biking account for 21% of all trips, compared to 8% nationally. New York City was named the most walkable large city in the US by Walk Score in 2011 and 2015. Citibank introduced 10,000 public bicycles in 2013, which was supported by a majority of New Yorkers. The city's cycling indicator reached an all-time high in 2013.", 8)
("New York City is supplied with drinking water by the protected Catskill Mountains watershed. As a result of the watershed's integrity and undisturbed natural water filtration system, New York is one of only four major cities in the United States the majority of whose drinking water is pure enough not to require purification by water treatment plants. The Croton Watershed north of the city is undergoing construction of a US$3.2 billion water purification plant to augment New York City's water supply by an estimated 290 million gallons daily, representing a greater than 20% addition to the city's current availability of water. The ongoing expansion of New York City Water Tunnel No. 3, an integral part of the New York City water supply system, is the largest capital construction project in the city's history.", " New York City obtains most of its drinking water from the Catskill Mountains watershed, which has a natural filtration system allowing minimal treatment. A $3.2 billion purification plant is being built in the Croton Watershed to increase water supply by 290 million gallons daily. The expansion of Water Tunnel No. 3, the largest construction project in New York City's history, is also ongoing.", 8)
('The Mayor and council members are elected to four-year terms. The City Council is a unicameral body consisting of 51 council members whose districts are defined by geographic population boundaries. Each term for the mayor and council members lasts four years and has a three consecutive-term limit, but can resume after a four-year break. The New York City Administrative Code, the New York City Rules, and the City Record are the code of local laws, compilation of regulations, and official journal, respectively.', ' The Mayor and City Council members serve four-year terms with a three-term limit, each. The City Council is a unicameral body of 51 members, each representing geographic districts. The local laws are outlined in the New York City Administrative Code, regulations in the New York City Rules, and the official journal is the City Record.', 8)
('The Democratic Party holds the majority of public offices. As of November 2008, 67% of registered voters in the city are Democrats. New York City has not been carried by a Republican in a statewide or presidential election since President Calvin Coolidge won the five boroughs in 1924. In 2012, Democrat Barack Obama became the first presidential candidate of any party to receive more than 80% of the overall vote in New York City, sweeping all five boroughs. Party platforms center on affordable housing, education, and economic development, and labor politics are of importance in the city.', ' The Democratic Party holds a majority of public offices in New York City, where 67% of registered voters are Democrats. The city has not voted for a Republican in a statewide or presidential election since 1924, with Democrat Barack Obama receiving over 80% of the votes in 2012. Democratic party platforms focus on affordable housing, education, economic development, and labor politics.', 8)
('Much of the scientific research in the city is done in medicine and the life sciences. New York City has the most post-graduate life sciences degrees awarded annually in the United States, with 127 Nobel laureates having roots in local institutions as of 2004; while in 2012, 43,523 licensed physicians were practicing in New York City. Major biomedical research institutions include Memorial Sloan–Kettering Cancer Center, Rockefeller University, SUNY Downstate Medical Center, Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Mount Sinai School of Medicine, and Weill Cornell Medical College, being joined by the Cornell University/Technion-Israel Institute of Technology venture on Roosevelt Island.', ' New York City is a leading hub for post-graduate life sciences education in the US, with over 127 Nobel laureates affiliated with local institutions and 43,523 practicing physicians as of 2012. Notable biomedical research institutions include Memorial Sloan–Kettering Cancer Center, Rockefeller University, SUNY Downstate Medical Center, Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Mount Sinai School of Medicine, Weill Cornell Medical College, and the Cornell University/Technion-Israel Institute of Technology on Roosevelt Island.', 8)
("Each year HHC's facilities provide about 225,000 admissions, one million emergency room visits and five million clinic visits to New Yorkers. HHC facilities treat nearly one-fifth of all general hospital discharges and more than one third of emergency room and hospital-based clinic visits in New York City.", ' HHC facilities in New York City handle approximately 225,000 admissions, one million emergency room visits, and five million clinic visits annually. They account for nearly one-fifth of all general hospital discharges and over one-third of emergency room and hospital-based clinic visits in the city.', 9)
("Sociologists and criminologists have not reached consensus on the explanation for the dramatic decrease in the city's crime rate. Some attribute the phenomenon to new tactics used by the NYPD, including its use of CompStat and the broken windows theory. Others cite the end of the crack epidemic and demographic changes, including from immigration. Another theory is that widespread exposure to lead pollution from automobile exhaust, which can lower intelligence and increase aggression levels, incited the initial crime wave in the mid-20th century, most acutely affecting heavily trafficked cities like New York. A strong correlation was found demonstrating that violent crime rates in New York and other big cities began to fall after lead was removed from American gasoline in the 1970s. Another theory cited to explain New York City's falling homicide rate is the inverse correlation between the number of murders and the increasingly wetter climate in the city.", "* Debate among sociologists and criminologists about reasons for New York City's crime rate decrease* Some attribute it to NYPD tactics like CompStat and broken windows theory* Others cite end of crack epidemic and demographic changes, including immigration* Another theory links crime wave to lead pollution from automobile exhaust, particularly in heavily trafficked cities* Violent crime rates in New York and other big cities began to decline after lead was removed from American gasoline in the 1970s* Another explanation is the inverse correlation between the number of murders and the increasingly wetter climate in the city.", 8)
('New York City has been described as the cultural capital of the world by the diplomatic consulates of Iceland and Latvia and by New York\'s Baruch College. A book containing a series of essays titled New York, culture capital of the world, 1940–1965 has also been published as showcased by the National Library of Australia. In describing New York, author Tom Wolfe said, "Culture just seems to be in the air, like part of the weather."', ' New York City is referred to as the cultural capital of the world by Iceland and Latvia consulates, Baruch College, and Tom Wolfe. A book titled "New York, culture capital of the world, 1940–1965" has been published, and according to Wolfe, culture is present in New York like the weather.', 7)
('Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, anchoring Lincoln Square on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, is home to numerous influential arts organizations, including the Metropolitan Opera, New York City Opera, New York Philharmonic, and New York City Ballet, as well as the Vivian Beaumont Theater, the Juilliard School, Jazz at Lincoln Center, and Alice Tully Hall. The Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute is in Union Square, and Tisch School of the Arts is based at New York University, while Central Park SummerStage presents performances of free plays and music in Central Park.', " Lincoln Center in Manhattan's Upper West Side hosts the Metropolitan Opera, New York City Opera, New York Philharmonic, New York City Ballet, Vivian Beaumont Theater, Juilliard School, Jazz at Lincoln Center, Alice Tully Hall, Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute (in Union Square), and Central Park SummerStage.", 7)
("New York City is home to hundreds of cultural institutions and historic sites, many of which are internationally known. Museum Mile is the name for a section of Fifth Avenue running from 82nd to 105th streets on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, in an area sometimes called Upper Carnegie Hill. The Mile, which contains one of the densest displays of culture in the world, is actually three blocks longer than one mile (1.6 km). Ten museums occupy the length of this section of Fifth Avenue. The tenth museum, the Museum for African Art, joined the ensemble in 2009, however its Museum at 110th Street, the first new museum constructed on the Mile since the Guggenheim in 1959, opened in late 2012. In addition to other programming, the museums collaborate for the annual Museum Mile Festival, held each year in June, to promote the museums and increase visitation. Many of the world's most lucrative art auctions are held in New York City.", " New York City's Museum Mile, a cultural hub on Fifth Avenue's Upper East Side, hosts ten internationally renowned museums from 82nd to 105th streets. The Museum for African Art joined in 2009, while its new building opened in 2012. Annual Museum Mile Festival promotes these institutions. New York City is known for major art auctions.", 7)
('The New York area is home to a distinctive regional speech pattern called the New York dialect, alternatively known as Brooklynese or New Yorkese. It has generally been considered one of the most recognizable accents within American English. The classic version of this dialect is centered on middle and working-class people of European descent. However, the influx of non-European immigrants in recent decades has led to changes in this distinctive dialect, and the traditional form of this speech pattern is no longer as prevalent among general New Yorkers as in the past.', ' The New York area is known for its distinctive dialect, referred to as Brooklynese or New Yorkese, which is a recognizable accent within American English. This dialect was historically associated with middle and working-class Europeans. However, the influx of non-European immigrants has resulted in changes, making the traditional form of the dialect less common among New Yorkers today.', 8)
('The traditional New York area accent is characterized as non-rhotic, so that the sound [ɹ] does not appear at the end of a syllable or immediately before a consonant; hence the pronunciation of the city name as "New Yawk." There is no [ɹ] in words like park [pɑək] or [pɒək] (with vowel backed and diphthongized due to the low-back chain shift), butter [bʌɾə], or here [hiə]. In another feature called the low back chain shift, the [ɔ] vowel sound of words like talk, law, cross, chocolate, and coffee and the often homophonous [ɔr] in core and more are tensed and usually raised more than in General American. In the most old-fashioned and extreme versions of the New York dialect, the vowel sounds of words like "girl" and of words like "oil" became a diphthong [ɜɪ]. This would often be misperceived by speakers of other accents as a reversal of the er and oy sounds, so that girl is pronounced "goil" and oil is pronounced "erl"; this leads to the caricature of New Yorkers saying things like "Joizey" (Jersey), "Toidy-Toid Street" (33rd St.) and "terlet" (toilet). The character Archie Bunker from the 1970s sitcom All in the Family (played by Carroll O\'Connor) was a notable example of having used this pattern of speech, which continues to fade in its overall presence.', ' The New York accent is characterized by the absence of the [ɹ] sound at the end of syllables or before consonants, resulting in pronunciations like "New Yawk" and "park" [pɑək/pɒək]. The low back chain shift raises and tenses the [ɔ] sound in words like talk, law, and oil, and in extreme versions, creates a diphthong [ɜɪ] in words like girl and oil, leading to misperceptions and caricatures like "Joizey" and "terlet." Archie Bunker from All in the Family exemplified this pattern, which is fading in overall usage.', 7)
("In soccer, New York City is represented by New York City FC of Major League Soccer, who play their home games at Yankee Stadium. The New York Red Bulls play their home games at Red Bull Arena in nearby Harrison, New Jersey. Historically, the city is known for the New York Cosmos, the highly successful former professional soccer team which was the American home of Pelé, one of the world's most famous soccer players. A new version of the New York Cosmos was formed in 2010, and began play in the second division North American Soccer League in 2013. The Cosmos play their home games at James M. Shuart Stadium on the campus of Hofstra University, just outside the New York City limits in Hempstead, New York.", ' New York City has three major soccer teams: New York City FC in Major League Soccer (MLS) playing at Yankee Stadium, New York Red Bulls in MLS at Red Bull Arena in New Jersey, and the New York Cosmos in the North American Soccer League (NASL) at James M. Shuart Stadium on Hofstra University campus in Hempstead, New York. Historically, the Cosmos were a successful team with Pelé and are now revived since 2010.', 7)
("Mass transit in New York City, most of which runs 24 hours a day, accounts for one in every three users of mass transit in the United States, and two-thirds of the nation's rail riders live in the New York City Metropolitan Area.", " New York City's mass transit, which operates 24 hours a day, makes up one-third of mass transit users and two-thirds of rail riders in the United States, with the majority of these individuals residing in the New York City Metropolitan Area.", 9)
("New York City's commuter rail network is the largest in North America. The rail network, connecting New York City to its suburbs, consists of the Long Island Rail Road, Metro-North Railroad, and New Jersey Transit. The combined systems converge at Grand Central Terminal and Pennsylvania Station and contain more than 250 stations and 20 rail lines. In Queens, the elevated AirTrain people mover system connects JFK International Airport to the New York City Subway and the Long Island Rail Road; a separate AirTrain system is planned alongside the Grand Central Parkway to connect LaGuardia Airport to these transit systems. For intercity rail, New York City is served by Amtrak, whose busiest station by a significant margin is Pennsylvania Station on the West Side of Manhattan, from which Amtrak provides connections to Boston, Philadelphia, and Washington, D.C. along the Northeast Corridor, as well as long-distance train service to other North American cities.", " New York City's commuter rail network is the largest in North America, consisting of Long Island Rail Road, Metro-North Railroad, New Jersey Transit, Grand Central Terminal, Pennsylvania Station, over 250 stations, and 20 rail lines. AirTrain connects JFK and LaGuardia Airports to these systems. Amtrak provides intercity rail service, with its busiest station being Pennsylvania Station, offering connections to Boston, Philadelphia, Washington, D.C., and other North American cities.", 8)
("The Staten Island Railway rapid transit system solely serves Staten Island, operating 24 hours a day. The Port Authority Trans-Hudson (PATH train) links Midtown and Lower Manhattan to northeastern New Jersey, primarily Hoboken, Jersey City, and Newark. Like the New York City Subway, the PATH operates 24 hours a day; meaning three of the six rapid transit systems in the world which operate on 24-hour schedules are wholly or partly in New York (the others are a portion of the Chicago 'L', the PATCO Speedline serving Philadelphia, and the Copenhagen Metro).", ' The Staten Island Railway serves Staten Island 24 hours a day. The Port Authority Trans-Hudson (PATH) links Midtown and Lower Manhattan to northeastern New Jersey, primarily Hoboken, Jersey City, and Newark, operating 24 hours a day as well. New York is home to three of the six rapid transit systems in the world with 24-hour schedules: the Staten Island Railway, a portion of the Chicago L, the PATH, the PATCO Speedline, and the Copenhagen Metro.', 7)
('Multibillion US$ heavy-rail transit projects under construction in New York City include the Second Avenue Subway, the East Side Access project, and the 7 Subway Extension.', ' Multibillion-dollar heavy-rail transit projects under construction in New York City are the Second Avenue Subway, East Side Access project, and 7 Subway Extension.', 9)
("Other features of the city's transportation infrastructure encompass more than 12,000 yellow taxicabs; various competing startup transportation network companies; and an aerial tramway that transports commuters between Roosevelt Island and Manhattan Island.", " The city's transportation infrastructure includes over 12,000 yellow taxis, several transportation network companies, and an aerial tramway connecting Roosevelt Island and Manhattan Island.", 9)
("Despite New York's heavy reliance on its vast public transit system, streets are a defining feature of the city. Manhattan's street grid plan greatly influenced the city's physical development. Several of the city's streets and avenues, like Broadway, Wall Street, Madison Avenue, and Seventh Avenue are also used as metonyms for national industries there: the theater, finance, advertising, and fashion organizations, respectively.", " New York City's public transit system is significant, but its streets, including Broadway, Wall Street, Madison Avenue, and Seventh Avenue, have influenced the city's development and are symbolic of national industries such as theater, finance, advertising, and fashion.", 8)
("New York City also has an extensive web of expressways and parkways, which link the city's boroughs to each other as well as to northern New Jersey, Westchester County, Long Island, and southwestern Connecticut through various bridges and tunnels. Because these highways serve millions of outer borough and suburban residents who commute into Manhattan, it is quite common for motorists to be stranded for hours in traffic jams that are a daily occurrence, particularly during rush hour.", " New York City's expressways and parkways connect boroughs and surrounding areas, causing frequent traffic jams, especially during rush hour for commuters.", 8)
("New York City is located on one of the world's largest natural harbors, and the boroughs of Manhattan and Staten Island are (primarily) coterminous with islands of the same names, while Queens and Brooklyn are located at the west end of the larger Long Island, and The Bronx is located at the southern tip of New York State's mainland. This situation of boroughs separated by water led to the development of an extensive infrastructure of bridges and tunnels. Nearly all of the city's major bridges and tunnels are notable, and several have broken or set records.", " New York City is located on a large natural harbor with boroughs Manhattan and Staten Island being islands of the same names, while Queens and Brooklyn are part of Long Island, and The Bronx is on the mainland. The boroughs' separation by water resulted in an extensive network of bridges and tunnels, with many major ones being notable and record-breaking.", 8)
('The Queensboro Bridge is an important piece of cantilever architecture. The Manhattan Bridge, Throgs Neck Bridge, Triborough Bridge, and Verrazano-Narrows Bridge are all examples of Structural Expressionism.', ' The Queensboro Bridge is a cantilever architecture landmark. The Manhattan Bridge, Throgs Neck Bridge, Triborough Bridge, and Verrazano-Narrows Bridge are examples of Structural Expressionism.', 7)
("New York City has focused on reducing its environmental impact and carbon footprint. Mass transit use in New York City is the highest in the United States. Also, by 2010, the city had 3,715 hybrid taxis and other clean diesel vehicles, representing around 28% of New York's taxi fleet in service, the most of any city in North America.", ' New York City leads in the US for mass transit use and had the largest number of hybrid taxis and clean diesel vehicles in North America by 2010, accounting for approximately 28% of its taxi fleet.', 8)
('The city government was a petitioner in the landmark Massachusetts v. Environmental Protection Agency Supreme Court case forcing the EPA to regulate greenhouse gases as pollutants. The city is also a leader in the construction of energy-efficient green office buildings, including the Hearst Tower among others. Mayor Bill de Blasio has committed to an 80% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions between 2014 and 2050 to reduce the city\'s contributions to climate change, beginning with a comprehensive "Green Buildings" plan.', ' The city government petitioned in the Massachusetts v. EPA case to regulate greenhouse gases as pollutants. The city leads in constructing energy-efficient green office buildings, such as the Hearst Tower. Mayor Bill de Blasio aims for an 80% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2050, starting with a "Green Buildings" plan.', 8)
("Newtown Creek, a 3.5-mile (6-kilometer) a long estuary that forms part of the border between the boroughs of Brooklyn and Queens, has been designated a Superfund site for environmental clean-up and remediation of the waterway's recreational and economic resources for many communities. One of the most heavily used bodies of water in the Port of New York and New Jersey, it had been one of the most contaminated industrial sites in the country, containing years of discarded toxins, an estimated 30 million US gallons (110,000 m3) of spilled oil, including the Greenpoint oil spill, raw sewage from New York City's sewer system, and other accumulation.", " Newtown Creek, a 3.5-mile long estuary between Brooklyn and Queens boroughs, is a Superfund site due to its contaminated waterways. Known for its heavy usage in the Port of New York and New Jersey, it contains decades of discarded toxins, approximately 30 million US gallons of spilled oil, New York City's raw sewage, and other accumulations.", 7)
('New York City has been a metropolitan municipality with a mayor-council form of government since its consolidation in 1898. The government of New York is more centralized than that of most other U.S. cities. In New York City, the city government is responsible for public education, correctional institutions, public safety, recreational facilities, sanitation, water supply, and welfare services.', ' New York City, consolidated in 1898, operates under a mayor-council form of government with a centralized system. The city government manages public education, correctional institutions, public safety, recreational facilities, sanitation, water supply, and welfare services.', 8)
('Each borough is coextensive with a judicial district of the state Unified Court System, of which the Criminal Court and the Civil Court are the local courts, while the New York Supreme Court conducts major trials and appeals. Manhattan hosts the First Department of the Supreme Court, Appellate Division while Brooklyn hosts the Second Department. There are also several extrajudicial administrative courts, which are executive agencies and not part of the state Unified Court System.', ' Each borough of New York City corresponds to a judicial district with local Criminal and Civil Courts, while the New York Supreme Court handles major trials and appeals. Manhattan is home to the First Department of the Supreme Court, Appellate Division, and Brooklyn houses the Second Department. Additionally, there are administrative courts outside of the state Unified Court System.', 8)
('Uniquely among major American cities, New York is divided between, and is host to the main branches of, two different US district courts: the District Court for the Southern District of New York, whose main courthouse is on Foley Square near City Hall in Manhattan and whose jurisdiction includes Manhattan and the Bronx, and the District Court for the Eastern District of New York, whose main courthouse is in Brooklyn and whose jurisdiction includes Brooklyn, Queens, and Staten Island. The US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and US Court of International Trade are also based in New York, also on Foley Square in Manhattan.', ' New York City is home to two US district courts - the Southern District of New York, whose jurisdiction covers Manhattan and the Bronx, and the Eastern District of New York, which covers Brooklyn, Queens, and Staten Island. The US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and US Court of International Trade are also located in Manhattan, New York.', 8)
('New York is the most important source of political fundraising in the United States, as four of the top five ZIP codes in the nation for political contributions are in Manhattan. The top ZIP code, 10021 on the Upper East Side, generated the most money for the 2004 presidential campaigns of George W. Bush and John Kerry. The city has a strong imbalance of payments with the national and state governments. It receives 83 cents in services for every $1 it sends to the federal government in taxes (or annually sends $11.4 billion more than it receives back). The city also sends an additional $11 billion more each year to the state of New York than it receives back.', ' New York City, specifically the Upper East Side (ZIP code 10021), is the leading source of political fundraising in the US, contributing significantly to the 2004 presidential campaigns of George W. Bush and John Kerry. New York City has an imbalance of payments with both the national and state governments, sending more in taxes than it receives back in services. Annually, the city sends an extra $12.4 billion to the federal government and $11 billion to the state of New York.', 7)
("In 2006, the Sister City Program of the City of New York, Inc. was restructured and renamed New York City Global Partners. New York City has expanded its international outreach via this program to a network of cities worldwide, promoting the exchange of ideas and innovation between their citizenry and policymakers, according to the city's website. New York's historic sister cities are denoted below by the year they joined New York City's partnership network.", " In 2006, New York City's Sister City Program was renamed New York City Global Partners. The program, which connects New York City with a network of international cities, aims to facilitate the exchange of ideas and innovation between their citizens and policymakers, according to the city's website. The historic sister cities are listed below with their year of joining the partnership network.", 8)
("To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel by Harper Lee published in 1960. It was immediately successful, winning the Pulitzer Prize, and has become a classic of modern American literature. The plot and characters are loosely based on the author's observations of her family and neighbors, as well as on an event that occurred near her hometown in 1936, when she was 10 years old.", ' Harper Lee\'s "To Kill a Mockingbird," published in 1960, was a successful novel that won the Pulitzer Prize and is a modern American literature classic. The story and characters were inspired by the author\'s personal experiences and an event near her hometown in 1936 when she was 10 years old.', 8)
('As a Southern Gothic novel and a Bildungsroman, the primary themes of To Kill a Mockingbird involve racial injustice and the destruction of innocence. Scholars have noted that Lee also addresses issues of class, courage, compassion, and gender roles in the American Deep South. The book is widely taught in schools in the United States with lessons that emphasize tolerance and decry prejudice. Despite its themes, To Kill a Mockingbird has been subject to campaigns for removal from public classrooms, often challenged for its use of racial epithets.', ' To Kill a Mockingbird explores themes of racial injustice and the loss of innocence in a Southern Gothic setting. The novel also tackles issues of class, courage, compassion, and gender roles. Widely taught in US schools, it promotes tolerance and opposes prejudice. Despite this, the book has faced efforts to be removed due to its use of racial slurs.', 8)
('Reaction to the novel varied widely upon publication. Literary analysis of it is sparse, considering the number of copies sold and its widespread use in education. Author Mary McDonough Murphy, who collected individual impressions of To Kill a Mockingbird by several authors and public figures, calls the book, "an astonishing phenomenon". In 2006, British librarians ranked the book ahead of the Bible as one "every adult should read before they die". It was adapted into an Oscar-winning film in 1962 by director Robert Mulligan, with a screenplay by Horton Foote. Since 1990, a play based on the novel has been performed annually in Harper Lee\'s hometown of Monroeville, Alabama.', ' The novel "To Kill a Mockingbird" by Mary McDonough Murphy received diverse reactions upon publication, with limited literary analysis given its popularity and educational use. The book was considered an "astonishing phenomenon" by author Mary McDonough Murphy. In 2006, it was ranked ahead of the Bible by British librarians as a must-read for adults. The novel was adapted into an Oscar-winning film in 1962, and since 1990, a play based on it has been annually performed in Harper Lee\'s hometown of Monroeville, Alabama.', 6)
("To Kill a Mockingbird was Lee's only published book until Go Set a Watchman, an earlier draft of To Kill a Mockingbird, was published on July 14, 2015. Lee continued to respond to her work's impact until her death in February 2016, although she had refused any personal publicity for herself or the novel since 1964.", ' "To Kill a Mockingbird" was Harper Lee\'s only published novel until "Go Set a Watchman" came out on July 14, 2015. Lee acknowledged the impact of her work until her death in February 2016, despite avoiding personal publicity since 1964.', 8)
('Born in 1926, Harper Lee grew up in the Southern town of Monroeville, Alabama, where she became close friends with soon-to-be famous writer Truman Capote. She attended Huntingdon College in Montgomery (1944–45), and then studied law at the University of Alabama (1945–49). While attending college, she wrote for campus literary magazines: Huntress at Huntingdon and the humor magazine Rammer Jammer at the University of Alabama. At both colleges, she wrote short stories and other works about racial injustice, a rarely mentioned topic on such campuses at the time. In 1950, Lee moved to New York City, where she worked as a reservation clerk for British Overseas Airways Corporation; there, she began writing a collection of essays and short stories about people in Monroeville. Hoping to be published, Lee presented her writing in 1957 to a literary agent recommended by Capote. An editor at J. B. Lippincott , who bought the manuscript, advised her to quit the airline and concentrate on writing. Donations from friends allowed her to write uninterrupted for a year.', " Born in Monroeville, Alabama (1926), Harper Lee attended Huntingdon College (1944-45) and the University of Alabama (1945-49), writing for campus magazines. She focused on racial injustice in her works. In 1950, she moved to New York City to work for British Overseas Airways Corporation and began writing essays and short stories. With Capote's recommendation, she presented her work to a literary agent in 1957. An editor at J. B. Lippincott bought her manuscript, advising her to quit her job and focus on writing. Friends provided donations for a year of uninterrupted writing.", 8)
('After finishing the first draft and returning it to Lippincott, the manuscript, at that point titled "Go Set a Watchman", fell into the hands of Therese von Hohoff Torrey — known professionally as Tay Hohoff — a small, wiry veteran editor in her late 50s. Hohoff was impressed. “[T]he spark of the true writer flashed in every line,” she would later recount in a corporate history of Lippincott. But as Hohoff saw it, the manuscript was by no means fit for publication. It was, as she described it, “more a series of anecdotes than a fully conceived novel.” During the next couple of years, she led Lee from one draft to the next until the book finally achieved its finished form and was retitled To Kill a Mockingbird.', ' The manuscript of "Go Set a Watchman" was given to editor Tay Hohoff after the first draft was completed. She was impressed but saw it as a collection of anecdotes rather than a fully developed novel. Over the next few years, she guided Lee through multiple drafts until "To Kill a Mockingbird" was finished.', 8)
('Lee had lost her mother, who suffered from mental illness, six years before she met Hohoff at Lippincott’s offices. Her father, a lawyer on whom Atticus was modeled, would die two years after the publication of To Kill a Mockingbird.', " Six years before meeting Hohoff at Lippincott's offices, Lee lost her mother who had mental illness. Two years after the publication of To Kill a Mockingbird, Lee's father, a lawyer and inspiration for Atticus, passed away.", 8)
('Ultimately, Lee spent over two and a half years writing To Kill a Mockingbird. The book was published on July 11, 1960. After rejecting the "Watchman" title, it was initially re-titled Atticus, but Lee renamed it "To Kill a Mockingbird" to reflect that the story went beyond just a character portrait. The editorial team at Lippincott warned Lee that she would probably sell only several thousand copies. In 1964, Lee recalled her hopes for the book when she said, "I never expected any sort of success with \'Mockingbird.\' ... I was hoping for a quick and merciful death at the hands of the reviewers but, at the same time, I sort of hoped someone would like it enough to give me encouragement. Public encouragement. I hoped for a little, as I said, but I got rather a whole lot, and in some ways this was just about as frightening as the quick, merciful death I\'d expected." Instead of a "quick and merciful death", Reader\'s Digest Condensed Books chose the book for reprinting in part, which gave it a wide readership immediately. Since the original publication, the book has never been out of print.', " Lee took over two and a half years to write To Kill a Mockingbird, published in 1960. Initially titled Atticus, it was later renamed. The editorial team at Lippincott predicted only a few thousand sales. In 1964, Lee expressed surprise at the book's success, expecting a quick rejection but instead receiving widespread acclaim. Reader's Digest Condensed Books selected the book for reprinting, expanding its reach. To Kill a Mockingbird has remained in print since its original publication.", 7)
('The story takes place during three years (1933–35) of the Great Depression in the fictional "tired old town" of Maycomb, Alabama, the seat of Maycomb County. It focuses on six-year-old Jean Louise Finch (Scout), who lives with her older brother, Jem, and their widowed father, Atticus, a middle-aged lawyer. Jem and Scout befriend a boy named Dill, who visits Maycomb to stay with his aunt each summer. The three children are terrified of, and fascinated by, their neighbor, the reclusive Arthur "Boo" Radley. The adults of Maycomb are hesitant to talk about Boo, and, for many years few have seen him. The children feed one another\'s imagination with rumors about his appearance and reasons for remaining hidden, and they fantasize about how to get him out of his house. After two summers of friendship with Dill, Scout and Jem find that someone leaves them small gifts in a tree outside the Radley place. Several times the mysterious Boo makes gestures of affection to the children, but, to their disappointment, he never appears in person.', ' The story is set in Maycomb, Alabama during the Great Depression (1933-35). Six-year-old Scout Finch, her older brother Jem, and their father Atticus, a lawyer, live in the town. They befriend Dill, who visits each summer, and the three are intrigued by their reclusive neighbor, Boo Radley. Adults rarely speak about Boo, and the children create stories about him. They leave gifts in a tree outside his house, and Boo makes gestures of affection but never appears in person.', 8)
('Judge Taylor appoints Atticus to defend Tom Robinson, a black man who has been accused of raping a young white woman, Mayella Ewell. Although many of Maycomb\'s citizens disapprove, Atticus agrees to defend Tom to the best of his ability. Other children taunt Jem and Scout for Atticus\'s actions, calling him a "nigger-lover". Scout is tempted to stand up for her father\'s honor by fighting, even though he has told her not to. Atticus faces a group of men intent on lynching Tom. This danger is averted when Scout, Jem, and Dill shame the mob into dispersing by forcing them to view the situation from Atticus\' and Tom\'s points of view.', " Judge Taylor assigns Atticus to defend Tom Robinson, a black man accused of raping Mayella Ewell. Despite disapproval from many in Maycomb, Atticus agrees to defend Tom. Children taunt Jem and Scout for Atticus' actions, and Scout considers defending her father by fighting. Atticus confronts a mob planning to lynch Tom. The mob disperses after Scout, Jem, and Dill make them consider Tom and Atticus' perspectives.", 8)
("Atticus does not want Jem and Scout to be present at Tom Robinson's trial. No seat is available on the main floor, so by invitation of Rev. Sykes, Jem, Scout, and Dill watch from the colored balcony. Atticus establishes that the accusers—Mayella and her father, Bob Ewell, the town drunk—are lying. It also becomes clear that the friendless Mayella made sexual advances toward Tom, and that her father caught her and beat her. Despite significant evidence of Tom's innocence, the jury convicts him. Jem's faith in justice becomes badly shaken, as is Atticus', when the hapless Tom is shot and killed while trying to escape from prison.", " Atticus keeps Jem, Scout, and Dill away from Tom Robinson's trial. They watch from the balcony as Atticus proves the accusers, Mayella and Bob Ewell, are lying. Mayella made advances towards Tom, and her father caught and beat her. Despite clear evidence of Tom's innocence, the jury convicts him. Tom is shot and killed while trying to escape from prison, leaving Jem and Atticus disillusioned with justice.", 8)
('Despite Tom\'s conviction, Bob Ewell is humiliated by the events of the trial, Atticus explaining that he "destroyed [Ewell\'s] last shred of credibility at that trial." Ewell vows revenge, spitting in Atticus\' face, trying to break into the judge\'s house, and menacing Tom Robinson\'s widow. Finally, he attacks the defenseless Jem and Scout while they walk home on a dark night after the school Halloween pageant. One of Jem\'s arms is broken in the struggle, but amid the confusion someone comes to the children\'s rescue. The mysterious man carries Jem home, where Scout realizes that he is Boo Radley.', " Tom's conviction at the trial humiliates Bob Ewell, who seeks revenge. He spits on Atticus, attempts to break into the judge's house, and threatens Tom Robinson's widow. Ewell attacks Jem and Scout on their way home from a Halloween pageant, breaking Jem's arm. A mysterious man saves them, revealing himself to be Boo Radley.", 8)
("Sheriff Tate arrives and discovers that Bob Ewell has died during the fight. The sheriff argues with Atticus about the prudence and ethics of charging Jem (whom Atticus believes to be responsible) or Boo (whom Tate believes to be responsible). Atticus eventually accepts the sheriff's story that Ewell simply fell on his own knife. Boo asks Scout to walk him home, and after she says goodbye to him at his front door he disappears again. While standing on the Radley porch, Scout imagines life from Boo's perspective, and regrets that they had never repaid him for the gifts he had given them.", " Sheriff Tate finds Bob Ewell dead, and there's a dispute between him and Atticus over who is responsible. Boo asks Scout for a walk home, and after saying goodbye, disappears. Scout regrets not repaying Boo for his gifts from his perspective. Sheriff Tate believes Boo is responsible, but Atticus accepts Ewell fell on his own knife.", 7)
('Lee has said that To Kill a Mockingbird is not an autobiography, but rather an example of how an author "should write about what he knows and write truthfully". Nevertheless, several people and events from Lee\'s childhood parallel those of the fictional Scout. Lee\'s father, Amasa Coleman Lee, was an attorney, similar to Atticus Finch, and in 1919, he defended two black men accused of murder. After they were convicted, hanged and mutilated, he never tried another criminal case. Lee\'s father was also the editor and publisher of the Monroeville newspaper. Although more of a proponent of racial segregation than Atticus, he gradually became more liberal in his later years. Though Scout\'s mother died when she was a baby, Lee was 25 when her mother, Frances Cunningham Finch, died. Lee\'s mother was prone to a nervous condition that rendered her mentally and emotionally absent. Lee had a brother named Edwin, who—like the fictional Jem—was four years older than his sister. As in the novel, a black housekeeper came daily to care for the Lee house and family.', " Author Harper Lee stated that To Kill a Mockingbird is not an autobiography but an illustration of truthful writing. Lee's father, Amasa Coleman Lee, was an attorney like Atticus Finch, who defended two black men accused of murder in 1919. After their conviction, lynching, and mutilation, he stopped trying criminal cases. Lee's father was the editor and publisher of the Monroeville newspaper. He supported racial segregation but became more liberal in his later years. Lee's mother, Frances Cunningham Finch, died when Lee was 25. She had a nervous condition that left her mentally and emotionally absent. Lee had a brother named Edwin, who was four years older, similar to Jem. A black housekeeper cared for the Lee family daily.", 7)
('Lee modeled the character of Dill on her childhood friend, Truman Capote, known then as Truman Persons. Just as Dill lived next door to Scout during the summer, Capote lived next door to Lee with his aunts while his mother visited New York City. Like Dill, Capote had an impressive imagination and a gift for fascinating stories. Both Lee and Capote were atypical children: both loved to read. Lee was a scrappy tomboy who was quick to fight, but Capote was ridiculed for his advanced vocabulary and lisp. She and Capote made up and acted out stories they wrote on an old Underwood typewriter Lee\'s father gave them. They became good friends when both felt alienated from their peers; Capote called the two of them "apart people". In 1960, Capote and Lee traveled to Kansas together to investigate the multiple murders that were the basis for Capote\'s nonfiction novel In Cold Blood.', ' Lee based Dill\'s character on her childhood friend, Truman Capote. They lived next door to each other during summers, shared a love for reading, and had imaginative storytelling abilities. Capote was teased for his advanced vocabulary and lisp. The two became friends when they felt outcasted, and they wrote and acted out stories on an old typewriter. In 1960, they traveled together to Kansas to investigate murders for Capote\'s novel "In Cold Blood."', 8)
('The origin of Tom Robinson is less clear, although many have speculated that his character was inspired by several models. When Lee was 10 years old, a white woman near Monroeville accused a black man named Walter Lett of raping her. The story and the trial were covered by her father\'s newspaper which reported that Lett was convicted and sentenced to death. After a series of letters appeared claiming Lett had been falsely accused, his sentence was commuted to life in prison. He died there of tuberculosis in 1937. Scholars believe that Robinson\'s difficulties reflect the notorious case of the Scottsboro Boys, in which nine black men were convicted of raping two white women on negligible evidence. However, in 2005, Lee stated that she had in mind something less sensational, although the Scottsboro case served "the same purpose" to display Southern prejudices. Emmett Till, a black teenager who was murdered for flirting with a white woman in Mississippi in 1955, and whose death is credited as a catalyst for the Civil Rights Movement, is also considered a model for Tom Robinson.', ' The character of Tom Robinson in "To Kill a Mockingbird" may have been inspired by various cases, including that of Walter Lett in Monroeville, the Scottsboro Boys, and Emmett Till. Lett was accused of raping a white woman and was sentenced to death, but later had his sentence commuted after letters claiming his innocence surfaced. The Scottsboro Boys were also falsely accused of raping white women. Emmett Till was murdered for flirting with a white woman in Mississippi, and his death is known to have contributed to the Civil Rights Movement. Lee stated that she had a less sensational inspiration in mind for Tom Robinson, but the cases served to highlight Southern prejudices.', 7)
('Writing about Lee\'s style and use of humor in a tragic story, scholar Jacqueline Tavernier-Courbin states: "Laughter ... [exposes] the gangrene under the beautiful surface but also by demeaning it; one can hardly ... be controlled by what one is able to laugh at." Scout\'s precocious observations about her neighbors and behavior inspire National Endowment of the Arts director David Kipen to call her "hysterically funny". To address complex issues, however, Tavernier-Courbin notes that Lee uses parody, satire, and irony effectively by using a child\'s perspective. After Dill promises to marry her, then spends too much time with Jem, Scout reasons the best way to get him to pay attention to her is to beat him up, which she does several times. Scout\'s first day in school is a satirical treatment of education; her teacher says she must undo the damage Atticus has wrought in teaching her to read and write, and forbids Atticus from teaching her further. Lee treats the most unfunny situations with irony, however, as Jem and Scout try to understand how Maycomb embraces racism and still tries sincerely to remain a decent society. Satire and irony are used to such an extent that Tavernier-Courbin suggests one interpretation for the book\'s title: Lee is doing the mocking—of education, the justice system, and her own society by using them as subjects of her humorous disapproval.', ' Scholar Jacqueline Tavernier-Courbin discusses Harper Lee\'s use of humor in "To Kill a Mockingbird." Laughter exposes the ugly truth while demeaning it. Scout\'s observations are hysterically funny, and Lee uses parody, satire, and irony to address complex issues. Scout beats up Jem to gain his attention, and her first day at school is a satirical treatment of education. Lee uses irony to portray unfunny situations, such as Maycomb\'s embrace of racism. Satire and irony are extensive, and the book\'s title may represent Lee\'s mocking of education, the justice system, and society.', 8)
("Critics also note the entertaining methods used to drive the plot. When Atticus is out of town, Jem locks a Sunday school classmate in the church basement with the furnace during a game of Shadrach. This prompts their black housekeeper Calpurnia to escort Scout and Jem to her church, which allows the children a glimpse into her personal life, as well as Tom Robinson's. Scout falls asleep during the Halloween pageant and makes a tardy entrance onstage, causing the audience to laugh uproariously. She is so distracted and embarrassed that she prefers to go home in her ham costume, which saves her life.", ' While Atticus is away, Jem locks a classmate in a church basement during a game, leading Calpurnia to take the children to her church. Scout falls asleep during a Halloween pageant and makes a late entrance, causing laughter and embarrassment, ultimately saving her from danger in her ham costume.', 7)
('Scholars have characterized To Kill a Mockingbird as both a Southern Gothic and coming-of-age or Bildungsroman novel. The grotesque and near-supernatural qualities of Boo Radley and his house, and the element of racial injustice involving Tom Robinson contribute to the aura of the Gothic in the novel. Lee used the term "Gothic" to describe the architecture of Maycomb\'s courthouse and in regard to Dill\'s exaggeratedly morbid performances as Boo Radley. Outsiders are also an important element of Southern Gothic texts and Scout and Jem\'s questions about the hierarchy in the town cause scholars to compare the novel to Catcher in the Rye and Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Despite challenging the town\'s systems, Scout reveres Atticus as an authority above all others, because he believes that following one\'s conscience is the highest priority, even when the result is social ostracism. However, scholars debate about the Southern Gothic classification, noting that Boo Radley is in fact human, protective, and benevolent. Furthermore, in addressing themes such as alcoholism, incest, rape, and racial violence, Lee wrote about her small town realistically rather than melodramatically. She portrays the problems of individual characters as universal underlying issues in every society.', ' "To Kill a Mockingbird" is identified as a Southern Gothic and coming-of-age novel with elements of the grotesque, racial injustice, and outsider perspectives. The novel\'s exploration of Boo Radley\'s mysterious character and the town\'s racial hierarchy, as well as Scout\'s reverence for Atticus, contribute to its Gothic and coming-of-age themes. However, the debate over Southern Gothic classification arises due to Boo Radley\'s human, protective, and benevolent nature. The novel realistically addresses themes of alcoholism, incest, rape, and racial violence.', 7)
('As children coming of age, Scout and Jem face hard realities and learn from them. Lee seems to examine Jem\'s sense of loss about how his neighbors have disappointed him more than Scout\'s. Jem says to their neighbor Miss Maudie the day after the trial, "It\'s like bein\' a caterpillar wrapped in a cocoon ... I always thought Maycomb folks were the best folks in the world, least that\'s what they seemed like". This leads him to struggle with understanding the separations of race and class. Just as the novel is an illustration of the changes Jem faces, it is also an exploration of the realities Scout must face as an atypical girl on the verge of womanhood. As one scholar writes, "To Kill a Mockingbird can be read as a feminist Bildungsroman, for Scout emerges from her childhood experiences with a clear sense of her place in her community and an awareness of her potential power as the woman she will one day be."', " Scout and Jem, as they grow up, encounter hard truths and learn from them. Jem expresses his disappointment in their neighbors, particularly Miss Maudie, leading him to grapple with race and class distinctions. The novel portrays Jem's transformation and also explores Scout's experiences as an unusual girl on the brink of womanhood. The text can be interpreted as a feminist coming-of-age story, as Scout gains a strong sense of her role in her community and recognizes her potential influence as a future woman.", 7)
('The second part of the novel deals with what book reviewer Harding LeMay termed "the spirit-corroding shame of the civilized white Southerner in the treatment of the Negro". In the years following its release, many reviewers considered To Kill a Mockingbird a novel primarily concerned with race relations. Claudia Durst Johnson considers it "reasonable to believe" that the novel was shaped by two events involving racial issues in Alabama: Rosa Parks\' refusal to yield her seat on a city bus to a white person, which sparked the 1955 Montgomery Bus Boycott, and the 1956 riots at the University of Alabama after Autherine Lucy and Polly Myers were admitted (Myers eventually withdrew her application and Lucy was expelled, but reinstated in 1980). In writing about the historical context of the novel\'s construction, two other literary scholars remark: "To Kill a Mockingbird was written and published amidst the most significant and conflict-ridden social change in the South since the Civil War and Reconstruction. Inevitably, despite its mid-1930s setting, the story told from the perspective of the 1950s voices the conflicts, tensions, and fears induced by this transition."', " The novel's second part explores the shame felt by white Southerners regarding their treatment of African Americans, with critics linking it to the 1955 Montgomery Bus Boycott and the 1956 University of Alabama riots. The novel was written and published during the most significant social change in the South since the Civil War and Reconstruction, reflecting the conflicts, tensions, and fears of the time.", 7)
('Scholar Patrick Chura, who suggests Emmett Till was a model for Tom Robinson, enumerates the injustices endured by the fictional Tom that Till also faced. Chura notes the icon of the black rapist causing harm to the representation of the "mythologized vulnerable and sacred Southern womanhood". Any transgressions by black males that merely hinted at sexual contact with white females during the time the novel was set often resulted in a punishment of death for the accused. Tom Robinson\'s trial was juried by poor white farmers who convicted him despite overwhelming evidence of his innocence, as more educated and moderate white townspeople supported the jury\'s decision. Furthermore, the victim of racial injustice in To Kill a Mockingbird was physically impaired, which made him unable to commit the act he was accused of, but also crippled him in other ways. Roslyn Siegel includes Tom Robinson as an example of the recurring motif among white Southern writers of the black man as "stupid, pathetic, defenseless, and dependent upon the fair dealing of the whites, rather than his own intelligence to save him". Although Tom is spared from being lynched, he is killed with excessive violence during an attempted escape from prison, shot seventeen times.', ' Scholar Patrick Chura compares Emmett Till and Tom Robinson, highlighting their similar experiences of injustice. Tom Robinson was accused of threatening white womanhood and faced death for any sexual contact with white women. His trial was biased with poor white farmers as jurors, who convicted him despite evidence of his innocence. Tom, a physically impaired black man, was also portrayed as "stupid, pathetic, defenseless," and reliant on whites. Despite being spared from lynching, Tom was killed during an escape attempt, shot seventeen times.', 7)
('The theme of racial injustice appears symbolically in the novel as well. For example, Atticus must shoot a rabid dog, even though it is not his job to do so. Carolyn Jones argues that the dog represents prejudice within the town of Maycomb, and Atticus, who waits on a deserted street to shoot the dog, must fight against the town\'s racism without help from other white citizens. He is also alone when he faces a group intending to lynch Tom Robinson and once more in the courthouse during Tom\'s trial. Lee even uses dreamlike imagery from the mad dog incident to describe some of the courtroom scenes. Jones writes, "[t]he real mad dog in Maycomb is the racism that denies the humanity of Tom Robinson .... When Atticus makes his summation to the jury, he literally bares himself to the jury\'s and the town\'s anger."', " The novel's theme of racial injustice is symbolized through the rabid dog in the story. Atticus, who shoots the dog alone, represents his fight against Maycomb's racism. He faces this prejudice when dealing with a lynch mob and during Tom Robinson's trial. The courtroom scenes are described using imagery from the mad dog incident. Carolyn Jones states that the real mad dog is Maycomb's racism, which denies Tom Robinson's humanity. Atticus exposes himself to the town's anger during his summation at the trial.", 8)
('In a 1964 interview, Lee remarked that her aspiration was "to be ... the Jane Austen of South Alabama." Both Austen and Lee challenged the social status quo and valued individual worth over social standing. When Scout embarrasses her poorer classmate, Walter Cunningham, at the Finch home one day, Calpurnia, their black cook, chastises and punishes her for doing so. Atticus respects Calpurnia\'s judgment, and later in the book even stands up to his sister, the formidable Aunt Alexandra, when she strongly suggests they fire Calpurnia. One writer notes that Scout, "in Austenian fashion", satirizes women with whom she does not wish to identify. Literary critic Jean Blackall lists the priorities shared by the two authors: "affirmation of order in society, obedience, courtesy, and respect for the individual without regard for status".', ' In a 1964 interview, Harper Lee expressed her desire to be the "Jane Austen of South Alabama." Both authors challenged societal norms and placed value on individual worth over social standing. In "To Kill a Mockingbird," Calpurnia, the black cook, reprimands Scout for embarrassing Walter Cunningham, and Atticus supports her judgment. Lee\'s protagonist satirizes women she doesn\'t identify with, and literary critic Jean Blackall highlights the shared priorities of Austen and Lee: affirmation of social order, obedience, courtesy, and respect for individuals regardless of status.', 7)
('Scholars argue that Lee\'s approach to class and race was more complex "than ascribing racial prejudice primarily to \'poor white trash\' ... Lee demonstrates how issues of gender and class intensify prejudice, silence the voices that might challenge the existing order, and greatly complicate many Americans\' conception of the causes of racism and segregation." Lee\'s use of the middle-class narrative voice is a literary device that allows an intimacy with the reader, regardless of class or cultural background, and fosters a sense of nostalgia. Sharing Scout and Jem\'s perspective, the reader is allowed to engage in relationships with the conservative antebellum Mrs. Dubose; the lower-class Ewells, and the Cunninghams who are equally poor but behave in vastly different ways; the wealthy but ostracized Mr. Dolphus Raymond; and Calpurnia and other members of the black community. The children internalize Atticus\' admonition not to judge someone until they have walked around in that person\'s skin, gaining a greater understanding of people\'s motives and behavior.', " Scholar Lee's approach to class and race is more intricate than attributing racial prejudice solely to poor white individuals. Lee highlights how gender and class intensify prejudice, mute challenging voices, and complicate Americans' understanding of racism and segregation causes. Lee's use of a middle-class narrative voice creates intimacy and fosters nostalgia, allowing readers to engage with various characters, including the conservative Mrs. Dubose, lower-class Ewells, wealthy but ostracized Mr. Raymond, and Calpurnia and other black community members. Readers internalize Atticus' advice to not judge someone without understanding their perspective, leading to a greater comprehension of people's motives and behavior.", 8)
('The novel has been noted for its poignant exploration of different forms of courage. Scout\'s impulsive inclination to fight students who insult Atticus reflects her attempt to stand up for him and defend him. Atticus is the moral center of the novel, however, and he teaches Jem one of the most significant lessons of courage. In a statement that foreshadows Atticus\' motivation for defending Tom Robinson and describes Mrs. Dubose, who is determined to break herself of a morphine addiction, Atticus tells Jem that courage is "when you\'re licked before you begin but you begin anyway and you see it through no matter what".', " The novel highlights Scout's courage in defending Atticus and Atticus' definition of courage as continuing despite being overwhelmed or facing adversity. Atticus shares this definition with Jem, using his own determination to defend Tom Robinson and Mrs. Dubose's struggle with morphine addiction as examples.", 8)
('Charles Shields, who has written the only book-length biography of Harper Lee to date, offers the reason for the novel\'s enduring popularity and impact is that "its lessons of human dignity and respect for others remain fundamental and universal". Atticus\' lesson to Scout that "you never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view—until you climb around in his skin and walk around in it" exemplifies his compassion. She ponders the comment when listening to Mayella Ewell\'s testimony. When Mayella reacts with confusion to Atticus\' question if she has any friends, Scout offers that she must be lonelier than Boo Radley. Having walked Boo home after he saves their lives, Scout stands on the Radley porch and considers the events of the previous three years from Boo\'s perspective. One writer remarks, "... [w]hile the novel concerns tragedy and injustice, heartache and loss, it also carries with it a strong sense [of] courage, compassion, and an awareness of history to be better human beings."', ' Charles Shields explains the enduring popularity of "To Kill a Mockingbird" through its universal lessons of human dignity and compassion. Atticus Finch teaches Scout the importance of understanding others\' perspectives. Scout ponders Mayella Ewell\'s loneliness and considers events from Boo Radley\'s perspective. The novel explores tragedy, injustice, heartache, and loss, but also conveys themes of courage, compassion, and historical awareness.', 8)
('Just as Lee explores Jem\'s development in coming to grips with a racist and unjust society, Scout realizes what being female means, and several female characters influence her development. Scout\'s primary identification with her father and older brother allows her to describe the variety and depth of female characters in the novel both as one of them and as an outsider. Scout\'s primary female models are Calpurnia and her neighbor Miss Maudie, both of whom are strong willed, independent, and protective. Mayella Ewell also has an influence; Scout watches her destroy an innocent man in order to hide her desire for him. The female characters who comment the most on Scout\'s lack of willingness to adhere to a more feminine role are also those who promote the most racist and classist points of view. For example, Mrs. Dubose chastises Scout for not wearing a dress and camisole, and indicates she is ruining the family name by not doing so, in addition to insulting Atticus\' intentions to defend Tom Robinson. By balancing the masculine influences of Atticus and Jem with the feminine influences of Calpurnia and Miss Maudie, one scholar writes, "Lee gradually demonstrates that Scout is becoming a feminist in the South, for with the use of first-person narration, she indicates that Scout/ Jean Louise still maintains the ambivalence about being a Southern lady she possessed as a child."', " Lee's novel explores Lee Harpers growth as she understands societal racism and her own femininity. Scout identifies with females, including Calpurnia and Miss Maudie, who are strong, independent, and protective. Mayella Ewell influences Scout as she destroys Tom Robinson's reputation. Female characters who criticize Scout's non-feminine behavior, like Mrs. Dubose, hold racist and classist views. Scout's interactions with these women demonstrate her evolving feminist perspective in the South.", 5)
('Absent mothers and abusive fathers are another theme in the novel. Scout and Jem\'s mother died before Scout could remember her, Mayella\'s mother is dead, and Mrs. Radley is silent about Boo\'s confinement to the house. Apart from Atticus, the fathers described are abusers. Bob Ewell, it is hinted, molested his daughter, and Mr. Radley imprisons his son in his house until Boo is remembered only as a phantom. Bob Ewell and Mr. Radley represent a form of masculinity that Atticus does not, and the novel suggests that such men as well as the traditionally feminine hypocrites at the Missionary Society can lead society astray. Atticus stands apart as a unique model of masculinity; as one scholar explains: "It is the job of real men who embody the traditional masculine qualities of heroic individualism, bravery, and an unshrinking knowledge of and dedication to social justice and morality, to set the society straight."', " The novel explores themes of absent and abusive parents. Scout and Jem's mothers are deceased, and Mrs. Radley keeps Boo confined. Bob Ewell and Mr. Radley are depicted as abusive fathers. Bob Ewell is hinted to have molested his daughter, and Mr. Radley imprisons his son. Both men represent a harmful form of masculinity, contrasting Atticus' heroic individualism, bravery, and dedication to social justice and morality.", 7)
('Allusions to legal issues in To Kill a Mockingbird, particularly in scenes outside of the courtroom, has drawn the attention from legal scholars. Claudia Durst Johnson writes that "a greater volume of critical readings has been amassed by two legal scholars in law journals than by all the literary scholars in literary journals". The opening quote by the 19th-century essayist Charles Lamb reads: "Lawyers, I suppose, were children once." Johnson notes that even in Scout and Jem\'s childhood world, compromises and treaties are struck with each other by spitting on one\'s palm and laws are discussed by Atticus and his children: is it right that Bob Ewell hunts and traps out of season? Many social codes are broken by people in symbolic courtrooms: Mr. Dolphus Raymond has been exiled by society for taking a black woman as his common-law wife and having interracial children; Mayella Ewell is beaten by her father in punishment for kissing Tom Robinson; by being turned into a non-person, Boo Radley receives a punishment far greater than any court could have given him. Scout repeatedly breaks codes and laws and reacts to her punishment for them. For example, she refuses to wear frilly clothes, saying that Aunt Alexandra\'s "fanatical" attempts to place her in them made her feel "a pink cotton penitentiary closing in on [her]". Johnson states, "[t]he novel is a study of how Jem and Scout begin to perceive the complexity of social codes and how the configuration of relationships dictated by or set off by those codes fails or nurtures the inhabitants of (their) small worlds."', " The text discusses the significance of legal issues in To Kill a Mockingbird, as explored by legal scholars more than literary scholars. The novel's exploration of social codes and laws includes instances such as spitting on palms for agreements, Atticus' discussions with his children about hunting laws, and the social exile of Mr. Dolphus Raymond. Characters like Mayella Ewell and Boo Radley face punishments outside of the courtroom for breaking social codes. Scout frequently breaks codes and reacts to her resulting punishments, such as refusing to wear frilly clothes. The novel examines how Jem and Scout come to understand the complexities of social codes and their impact on their community.", 7)
('Songbirds and their associated symbolism appear throughout the novel. The family\'s last name of Finch also shares Lee\'s mother\'s maiden name. The titular mockingbird is a key motif of this theme, which first appears when Atticus, having given his children air-rifles for Christmas, allows their Uncle Jack to teach them to shoot. Atticus warns them that, although they can "shoot all the bluejays they want", they must remember that "it\'s a sin to kill a mockingbird". Confused, Scout approaches her neighbor Miss Maudie, who explains that mockingbirds never harm other living creatures. She points out that mockingbirds simply provide pleasure with their songs, saying, "They don\'t do one thing but sing their hearts out for us." Writer Edwin Bruell summarized the symbolism when he wrote in 1964, "\'To kill a mockingbird\' is to kill that which is innocent and harmless—like Tom Robinson." Scholars have noted that Lee often returns to the mockingbird theme when trying to make a moral point.', " The novel's title and the Finch family name share a connection with mockingbirds, an important symbol. Atticus warns his children not to harm mockingbirds, as they cause no harm but bring joy through their singing. Miss Maudie explains that mockingbirds are innocent and harmless, and scholars note that Lee frequently uses this theme to convey moral messages. Edwin Bruell also wrote about the symbolism of mockingbirds as representing the innocent and harmless.", 7)
("Despite her editors' warnings that the book might not sell well, it quickly became a sensation, bringing acclaim to Lee in literary circles, in her hometown of Monroeville, and throughout Alabama. The book went through numerous subsequent printings and became widely available through its inclusion in the Book of the Month Club and editions released by Reader's Digest Condensed Books.", ' The book, against initial expectations, gained popularity, earning Lee recognition in literary communities and her hometown, as well as numerous printings and widespread availability through the Book of the Month Club and Readers Digest Condensed Books.', 8)
('One year after its publication To Kill a Mockingbird had been translated into ten languages. In the years since, it has sold more than 30 million copies and been translated into more than 40 languages. The novel has never been out of print in hardcover or paperback, and has become part of the standard literature curriculum. A 2008 survey of secondary books read by students between grades 9–12 in the U.S. indicates the novel is the most widely read book in these grades. A 1991 survey by the Book of the Month Club and the Library of Congress Center for the Book found that To Kill a Mockingbird was rated behind only the Bible in books that are "most often cited as making a difference".[note 1] It is considered by some to be the Great American Novel.', ' One year after publication, To Kill a Mockingbird was translated into ten languages. It has sold over 30 million copies and been translated into over 40 languages. The novel has never gone out of print and is part of the standard literature curriculum in the US. In a 2008 survey, it was the most widely read book for grades 9-12. In a 1991 survey, it was ranked second only to the Bible as a book making a difference. To Kill a Mockingbird is considered the Great American Novel by some.', 9)
("Many writers compare their perceptions of To Kill a Mockingbird as adults with when they first read it as children. Mary McDonagh Murphy interviewed celebrities including Oprah Winfrey, Rosanne Cash, Tom Brokaw, and Harper's sister Alice Lee, who read the novel and compiled their impressions of it as children and adults into a book titled Scout, Atticus, and Boo.", ' Interviews with Oprah Winfrey, Rosanne Cash, Tom Brokaw, and Alice Lee comparing their childhood and adult perceptions of "To Kill a Mockingbird." Compiled into a book titled "Scout, Atticus, and Boo."', 7)
('One of the most significant impacts To Kill a Mockingbird has had is Atticus Finch\'s model of integrity for the legal profession. As scholar Alice Petry explains, "Atticus has become something of a folk hero in legal circles and is treated almost as if he were an actual person." Morris Dees of the Southern Poverty Law Center cites Atticus Finch as the reason he became a lawyer, and Richard Matsch, the federal judge who presided over the Timothy McVeigh trial, counts Atticus as a major judicial influence. One law professor at the University of Notre Dame stated that the most influential textbook he taught from was To Kill a Mockingbird, and an article in the Michigan Law Review claims, "No real-life lawyer has done more for the self-image or public perception of the legal profession," before questioning whether, "Atticus Finch is a paragon of honor or an especially slick hired gun".', ' The character Atticus Finch from To Kill a Mockingbird has had a profound impact on the legal profession. He is considered a folk hero and has influenced numerous lawyers, including Morris Dees and Richard Matsch. A law professor at the University of Notre Dame named the novel the most influential textbook he taught from, and the Michigan Law Review claimed that no real-life lawyer has done more for the self-image or public perception of the legal profession. The text raises a question about whether Atticus Finch is an unwavering paragon of honor or a skilled lawyer.', 8)
('In 1992, an Alabama editorial called for the death of Atticus, saying that as liberal as Atticus was, he still worked within a system of institutionalized racism and sexism and should not be revered. The editorial sparked a flurry of responses from attorneys who entered the profession because of him and esteemed him as a hero. Critics of Atticus maintain he is morally ambiguous and does not use his legal skills to challenge the racist status quo in Maycomb. However, in 1997, the Alabama State Bar erected a monument to Atticus in Monroeville, marking his existence as the "first commemorative milestone in the state\'s judicial history". In 2008, Lee herself received an honorary special membership to the Alabama State Bar for creating Atticus who "has become the personification of the exemplary lawyer in serving the legal needs of the poor".', " In 1992, an editorial criticized Atticus for working within a racist and sexist system despite his liberal values. The criticism sparked responses from attorneys who admired him. In 1997, a monument was erected in his honor by the Alabama State Bar. In 2008, Harper Lee received an honorary membership for creating Atticus, who is now seen as the exemplary lawyer for serving the poor. Critics continue to debate Atticus' moral ambiguity and lack of challenge to the racist status quo.", 7)
("To Kill a Mockingbird has been a source of significant controversy since its being the subject of classroom study as early as 1963. The book's racial slurs, profanity, and frank discussion of rape have led people to challenge its appropriateness in libraries and classrooms across the United States. The American Library Association reported that To Kill a Mockingbird was number 21 of the 100 most frequently challenged books of 2000–2009.", ' "To Kill a Mockingbird" has been a frequently challenged book due to its racial slurs, profanity, and discussion of rape since the 1960s. The American Library Association ranked it as the 21st most challenged book from 2000-2009.', 8)
('One of the first incidents of the book being challenged was in Hanover, Virginia, in 1966: a parent protested that the use of rape as a plot device was immoral. Johnson cites examples of letters to local newspapers, which ranged from amusement to fury; those letters expressing the most outrage, however, complained about Mayella Ewell\'s attraction to Tom Robinson over the depictions of rape. Upon learning the school administrators were holding hearings to decide the book\'s appropriateness for the classroom, Harper Lee sent $10 to The Richmond News Leader suggesting it to be used toward the enrollment of "the Hanover County School Board in any first grade of its choice". The National Education Association in 1968 placed the novel second on a list of books receiving the most complaints from private organizations—after Little Black Sambo.', ' In 1966, a parent in Hanover, Virginia, protested against the use of rape as a plot device in "To Kill a Mockingbird," leading to school hearings. Harper Lee responded by offering $10 to The Richmond News Leader for school enrollment. In 1968, the National Education Association listed the novel second among books receiving the most complaints, following "Little Black Sambo."', 7)
('The novel is cited as a factor in the success of the civil rights movement in the 1960s, however, in that it "arrived at the right moment to help the South and the nation grapple with the racial tensions (of) the accelerating civil rights movement". Its publication is so closely associated with the Civil Rights Movement that many studies of the book and biographies of Harper Lee include descriptions of important moments in the movement, despite the fact that she had no direct involvement in any of them. Civil Rights leader Andrew Young comments that part of the book\'s effectiveness is that it "inspires hope in the midst of chaos and confusion" and by using racial epithets portrays the reality of the times in which it was set. Young views the novel as "an act of humanity" in showing the possibility of people rising above their prejudices. Alabama author Mark Childress compares it to the impact of Uncle Tom\'s Cabin, a book that is popularly implicated in starting the U.S. Civil War. Childress states the novel "gives white Southerners a way to understand the racism that they\'ve been brought up with and to find another way. And most white people in the South were good people. Most white people in the South were not throwing bombs and causing havoc ... I think the book really helped them come to understand what was wrong with the system in the way that any number of treatises could never do, because it was popular art, because it was told from a child\'s point of view." ', " The novel, published during the 1960s Civil Rights Movement, is closely linked to its success due to its timely portrayal of racial tensions. Civil Rights leader Andrew Young views it as an inspiring depiction of hope amidst chaos and a portrayal of reality. Alabama author Mark Childress compares it to Uncle Tom's Cabin, stating it helped white Southerners understand their racism and find an alternative way. Childress believes the book's popularity and child's perspective made it effective in conveying the flawed system.", 8)
('Lee\'s childhood friend, author Truman Capote, wrote on the dust jacket of the first edition, "Someone rare has written this very fine first novel: a writer with the liveliest sense of life, and the warmest, most authentic sense of humor. A touching book; and so funny, so likeable." This comment has been construed to suggest that Capote wrote the book or edited it heavily. In 2003, a Tuscaloosa newspaper quoted Capote\'s biological father, Archulus Persons, as claiming that Capote had written "almost all" of the book. In 2006, a Capote letter was donated to Monroeville\'s literary heritage museum; in a letter to a neighbor in Monroeville in 1959, Capote mentioned that Lee was writing a book that was to be published soon. Extensive notes between Lee and her editor at Lippincott also refute the rumor of Capote\'s authorship. Lee\'s older sister, Alice, responded to the rumor, saying: "That\'s the biggest lie ever told."', " Lees friend and author Truman Capote praised Lee's first novel with a dust jacket comment. Rumors of Capote's authorship or heavy editing emerged in 2003 from Capote's father and a newspaper. A 1959 letter from Capote to a Monroeville neighbor mentioned Lee's upcoming book. Extensive notes between Lee and her editor refute the rumor. Lee's older sister denied the false claim.", 7)
('During the years immediately following the novel\'s publication, Harper Lee enjoyed the attention its popularity garnered her, granting interviews, visiting schools, and attending events honoring the book. In 1961, when To Kill a Mockingbird was in its 41st week on the bestseller list, it was awarded the Pulitzer Prize, stunning Lee. It also won the Brotherhood Award of the National Conference of Christians and Jews in the same year, and the Paperback of the Year award from Bestsellers magazine in 1962. Starting in 1964, Lee began to turn down interviews, complaining that the questions were monotonous, and grew concerned that attention she received bordered on the kind of publicity celebrities sought. Since the, she declined talking with reporters about the book. She also steadfastly refused to provide an introduction, writing in 1995: "Introductions inhibit pleasure, they kill the joy of anticipation, they frustrate curiosity. The only good thing about Introductions is that in some cases they delay the dose to come. Mockingbird still says what it has to say; it has managed to survive the years without preamble."', ' After the publication of To Kill a Mockingbird in 1960, Harper Lee received much attention, giving interviews, visiting schools, and attending awards ceremonies. In 1961, the book spent its 41st week on the bestseller list and won the Pulitzer Prize, Brotherhood Award, and Paperback of the Year award. Starting in 1964, Lee declined interviews, finding them monotonous and akin to celebrity publicity. She also refused to write an introduction for the book, stating that they inhibit pleasure and delay the reading experience. To Kill a Mockingbird continues to speak for itself without introduction.', 8)
('In 2001, Lee was inducted into the Alabama Academy of Honor. In the same year, Chicago mayor Richard M. Daley initiated a reading program throughout the city\'s libraries, and chose his favorite book, To Kill a Mockingbird, as the first title of the One City, One Book program. Lee declared that "there is no greater honor the novel could receive". By 2004, the novel had been chosen by 25 communities for variations of the citywide reading program, more than any other novel. David Kipen of the National Endowment of the Arts, who supervised The Big Read, states "people just seem to connect with it. It dredges up things in their own lives, their interactions across racial lines, legal encounters, and childhood. It\'s just this skeleton key to so many different parts of people\'s lives, and they cherish it."', ' In 2001, Lee\'s "To Kill a Mockingbird" was inducted into the Alabama Academy of Honor and chosen as the first title for Chicago\'s One City, One Book program. Lee considered it the novel\'s greatest honor. By 2004, it had been selected by 25 communities for citywide reading programs, more than any other novel. David Kipen of the National Endowment of the Arts noted that the novel resonates with readers, touching on racial interactions, legal encounters, and childhood experiences.', 8)
('In 2006, Lee was awarded an honorary doctorate from the University of Notre Dame. During the ceremony, the students and audience gave Lee a standing ovation, and the entire graduating class held up copies of To Kill a Mockingbird to honor her.[note 5] Lee was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom on November 5, 2007 by President George W. Bush. In his remarks, Bush stated, "One reason To Kill a Mockingbird succeeded is the wise and kind heart of the author, which comes through on every page ... To Kill a Mockingbird has influenced the character of our country for the better. It\'s been a gift to the entire world. As a model of good writing and humane sensibility, this book will be read and studied forever."', " In 2006, Harper Lee received an honorary doctorate from the University of Notre Dame, where she was given a standing ovation and the graduating class held up copies of To Kill a Mockingbird in her honor. In 2007, Lee was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President George W. Bush, who praised the book's influence on the country and its enduring value as a model of good writing and humane sensibility.", 8)
('The book was made into the well-received 1962 film with the same title, starring Gregory Peck as Atticus Finch. The film\'s producer, Alan J. Pakula, remembered Universal Pictures executives questioning him about a potential script: "They said, \'What story do you plan to tell for the film?\' I said, \'Have you read the book?\' They said, \'Yes.\' I said, \'That\'s the story.\'" The movie was a hit at the box office, quickly grossing more than $20 million from a $2-million budget. It won three Oscars: Best Actor for Gregory Peck, Best Art Direction-Set Decoration, Black-and-White, and Best Writing, Screenplay Based on Material from Another Medium for Horton Foote. It was nominated for five more Oscars including Best Actress in a Supporting Role for Mary Badham, the actress who played Scout.', ' The 1962 film adaptation of "To Kill a Mockingbird," starring Gregory Peck as Atticus Finch, was a box office success, grossing over $20 million from a $2-million budget. The film won three Oscars for Best Actor (Gregory Peck), Best Art Direction-Set Decoration (black-and-white), and Best Writing (Horton Foote). It was also nominated for five more Oscars, including Best Actress in a Supporting Role for Mary Badham. The producers had previously answered skeptical executives about the script by asking if they had read the book.', 8)
('Harper Lee was pleased with the movie, saying: "In that film the man and the part met... I\'ve had many, many offers to turn it into musicals, into TV or stage plays, but I\'ve always refused. That film was a work of art." Peck met Lee\'s father, the model for Atticus, before the filming. Lee\'s father died before the film\'s release, and Lee was so impressed with Peck\'s performance that she gave him her father\'s pocketwatch, which he had with him the evening he was awarded the Oscar for best actor. Years later, he was reluctant to tell Lee that the watch was stolen out of his luggage in London Heathrow Airport. When Peck eventually did tell Lee, he said she responded, "\'Well, it\'s only a watch.\' Harper—she feels deeply, but she\'s not a sentimental person about things." Lee and Peck shared a friendship long after the movie was made. Peck\'s grandson was named "Harper" in her honor.', ' Harper Lee appreciated the movie adaptation of "To Kill a Mockingbird," praising Gary Cooper\'s performance as Atticus Finch. She refused offers to turn the book into musicals, TV or stage plays. Peck met Lee\'s father, the inspiration for Atticus, before filming. Lee gave Peck her father\'s pocketwatch after the film\'s release. Years later, Peck admitted that the watch was stolen, but Lee responded, "It\'s only a watch." Lee and Peck remained friends after the movie. Peck\'s grandson was named "Harper" in Lee\'s honor.', 5)
('In May 2005, Lee made an uncharacteristic appearance at the Los Angeles Public Library at the request of Peck\'s widow Veronique, who said of Lee: "She\'s like a national treasure. She\'s someone who has made a difference...with this book. The book is still as strong as it ever was, and so is the film. All the kids in the United States read this book and see the film in the seventh and eighth grades and write papers and essays. My husband used to get thousands and thousands of letters from teachers who would send them to him."', ' In May 2005, Lee made a rare visit to the Los Angeles Public Library at the invitation of Veronique, Peck\'s widow. She praised Lee for being a "national treasure" and credited her for making a difference through her book and film. The book and movie continue to be popular among students in the US, with teachers sending thousands of letters to Lee.', 7)
('The book has also been adapted as a play by Christopher Sergel. It debuted in 1990 in Monroeville, a town that labels itself "The Literary Capital of Alabama". The play runs every May on the county courthouse grounds and townspeople make up the cast. White male audience members are chosen at the intermission to make up the jury. During the courtroom scene the production moves into the Monroe County Courthouse and the audience is racially segregated. Author Albert Murray said of the relationship of the town to the novel (and the annual performance): "It becomes part of the town ritual, like the religious underpinning of Mardi Gras. With the whole town crowded around the actual courthouse, it\'s part of a central, civic education—what Monroeville aspires to be."', ' The book has been adapted into a play by Christopher Sergel since 1990 in Monroeville, Alabama, known as "The Literary Capital of Alabama." The annual performance takes place on the courthouse grounds, with townspeople as the cast and white male audience members selected as the jury during the courtroom scene. The production moves into the Monroe County Courthouse, where the audience is racially segregated. Author Albert Murray described the town\'s connection to the novel and the play as part of its central civic education and a town ritual, similar to the religious significance of Mardi Gras.', 7)
("Sergel's play toured in the UK starting at West Yorkshire Playhouse in Leeds in 2006, and again in 2011 starting at the York Theatre Royal, both productions featuring Duncan Preston as Atticus Finch. The play also opened the 2013 season at Regent's Park Open Air Theatre in London where it played to full houses and starred Robert Sean Leonard as Atticus Finch, his first London appearance in 22 years. The production is returning to the venue to close the 2014 season, prior to a UK Tour.", ' The "To Kill a Mockingbird" play by Sergels toured in the UK starting at West Yorkshire Playhouse in Leeds in 2006 and York Theatre Royal in 2011, both times with Duncan Preston as Atticus Finch. In 2013, it opened the Regents Park Open Air Theatre season in London with Robert Sean Leonard as Atticus Finch, marking his first London appearance in 22 years. The production is set to return to Regents Park Open Air Theatre to close the 2014 season before embarking on a UK tour.', 8)
('An earlier draft of To Kill a Mockingbird, titled Go Set a Watchman, was controversially released on July 14, 2015. This draft, which was completed in 1957, is set 20 years after the time period depicted in To Kill a Mockingbird but is not a continuation of the narrative. This earlier version of the story follows an adult Scout Finch who travels from New York to visit her father, Atticus Finch, in Maycomb, Alabama, where she is confronted by the intolerance in her community. The Watchman manuscript was believed to have been lost until Lee\'s lawyer Tonja Carter discovered it; although this claim has been widely disputed. Watchman contains early versions of many of the characters from To Kill a Mockingbird. According to Lee\'s agent Andrew Nurnberg, Mockingbird was originally intended to be the first book of a trilogy: "They discussed publishing Mockingbird first, Watchman last, and a shorter connecting novel between the two." This assertion has been discredited however by the rare books expert James S. Jaffe, who reviewed the pages at the request of Lee\'s attorney and found them to be only another draft of "To Kill a Mockingbird". The statement was also contrary to Jonathan Mahler\'s description of how "Watchman" was seen as just the first draft of "Mockingbird". Instances where many passages overlap between the two books, in some case word for word, also refutes this assertion.', " An earlier draft of To Kill a Mockingbird, titled Go Set a Watchman, was discovered in 2015 and controversially released. Set 20 years after To Kill a Mockingbird, it follows an adult Scout Finch's visit to her father in Maycomb, where she encounters intolerance. The manuscript was believed lost but its discovery has been disputed. Watchman contains early versions of To Kill a Mockingbird characters. It was initially intended to be the first book in a trilogy, but this claim has been refuted. Rare books expert James S. Jaffe found it to be another draft of To Kill a Mockingbird, and many passages overlap between the two books.", 7)
('The novel is renowned for its warmth and humor, despite dealing with the serious issues of rape and racial inequality. The narrator\'s father, Atticus Finch, has served as a moral hero for many readers and as a model of integrity for lawyers. One critic explains the novel\'s impact by writing, "In the twentieth century, To Kill a Mockingbird is probably the most widely read book dealing with race in America, and its protagonist, Atticus Finch, the most enduring fictional image of racial heroism."', ' The novel "To Kill a Mockingbird" is widely recognized for its warmth, humor, and exploration of serious themes such as rape and racial inequality. The character of Atticus Finch, the novel\'s father figure and lawyer, is celebrated as a moral hero and a model of integrity for lawyers. The novel, which deals with race in America, is the most popular and enduring fictional representation of racial heroism in the 20th century.', 8)
('The strongest element of style noted by critics and reviewers is Lee\'s talent for narration, which in an early review in Time was called "tactile brilliance". Writing a decade later, another scholar noted, "Harper Lee has a remarkable gift of story-telling. Her art is visual, and with cinematographic fluidity and subtlety we see a scene melting into another scene without jolts of transition." Lee combines the narrator\'s voice of a child observing her surroundings with a grown woman\'s reflecting on her childhood, using the ambiguity of this voice combined with the narrative technique of flashback to play intricately with perspectives. This narrative method allows Lee to tell a "delightfully deceptive" story that mixes the simplicity of childhood observation with adult situations complicated by hidden motivations and unquestioned tradition. However, at times the blending causes reviewers to question Scout\'s preternatural vocabulary and depth of understanding. Both Harding LeMay and the novelist and literary critic Granville Hicks expressed doubt that children as sheltered as Scout and Jem could understand the complexities and horrors involved in the trial for Tom Robinson\'s life.', ' Harper Lee\'s storytelling talent, particularly her narration, is praised by critics for its "tactile brilliance" and "cinematographic fluidity." Her use of a child\'s voice combined with a grown woman\'s reflection and flashback technique creates a deceptively simple yet complex narrative. However, some reviewers question the depth of understanding of child characters Scout and Jem regarding the trial for Tom Robinson\'s life. Harding LeMay and Granville Hicks expressed doubt about their ability to grasp the complexities and horrors involved.', 8)
('Harper Lee has remained famously detached from interpreting the novel since the mid-1960s. However, she gave some insight into her themes when, in a rare letter to the editor, she wrote in response to the passionate reaction her book caused: "Surely it is plain to the simplest intelligence that To Kill a Mockingbird spells out in words of seldom more than two syllables a code of honor and conduct, Christian in its ethic, that is the heritage of all Southerners."', ' Harper Lee, the author of "To Kill a Mockingbird," rarely discussed the novel\'s themes after its release in the 1960s. However, in a letter to the editor, she mentioned that the book\'s code of honor and conduct, which is Christian in ethic, is a Southern heritage.', 7)
('When the book was released, reviewers noted that it was divided into two parts, and opinion was mixed about Lee\'s ability to connect them. The first part of the novel concerns the children\'s fascination with Boo Radley and their feelings of safety and comfort in the neighborhood. Reviewers were generally charmed by Scout and Jem\'s observations of their quirky neighbors. One writer was so impressed by Lee\'s detailed explanations of the people of Maycomb that he categorized the book as Southern romantic regionalism. This sentimentalism can be seen in Lee\'s representation of the Southern caste system to explain almost every character\'s behavior in the novel. Scout\'s Aunt Alexandra attributes Maycomb\'s inhabitants\' faults and advantages to genealogy (families that have gambling streaks and drinking streaks), and the narrator sets the action and characters amid a finely detailed background of the Finch family history and the history of Maycomb. This regionalist theme is further reflected in Mayella Ewell\'s apparent powerlessness to admit her advances toward Tom Robinson, and Scout\'s definition of "fine folks" being people with good sense who do the best they can with what they have. The South itself, with its traditions and taboos, seems to drive the plot more than the characters.', ' The book\'s first part explores the children\'s fascination with their reclusive neighbor, Boo Radley, and is generally well-received by reviewers. The novel is categorized as Southern romantic regionalism due to Lee\'s detailed descriptions of Maycomb\'s inhabitants and their behaviors, which are often attributed to family history and the region\'s traditions and taboos. The South\'s influence is evident in Mayella Ewell\'s inability to acknowledge her feelings towards Tom Robinson, and Scout\'s definition of "fine folks." The novel\'s regionalist theme is further reflected in the intricately depicted Finch family history and Maycomb\'s background.', 7)
('Tom Robinson is the chief example among several innocents destroyed carelessly or deliberately throughout the novel. However, scholar Christopher Metress connects the mockingbird to Boo Radley: "Instead of wanting to exploit Boo for her own fun (as she does in the beginning of the novel by putting on gothic plays about his history), Scout comes to see him as a \'mockingbird\'—that is, as someone with an inner goodness that must be cherished." The last pages of the book illustrate this as Scout relates the moral of a story Atticus has been reading to her, and in allusions to both Boo Radley and Tom Robinson states about a character who was misunderstood, "when they finally saw him, why he hadn\'t done any of those things ... Atticus, he was real nice," to which he responds, "Most people are, Scout, when you finally see them."', " Tom Robinson is compared to a mockingbird in the novel, representing innocent individuals harmed without justification. Scout's perspective towards Boo Radley changes, viewing him as a good person. The story's last pages show Scout understanding the importance of seeing people's true nature, as she relates this to both Boo and Tom Robinson. Atticus is described as a nice person, most people are when truly understood.", 7)
('The novel exposes the loss of innocence so frequently that reviewer R. A. Dave claims that because every character has to face, or even suffer defeat, the book takes on elements of a classical tragedy. In exploring how each character deals with his or her own personal defeat, Lee builds a framework to judge whether the characters are heroes or fools. She guides the reader in such judgments, alternating between unabashed adoration and biting irony. Scout\'s experience with the Missionary Society is an ironic juxtaposition of women who mock her, gossip, and "reflect a smug, colonialist attitude toward other races" while giving the "appearance of gentility, piety, and morality". Conversely, when Atticus loses Tom\'s case, he is last to leave the courtroom, except for his children and the black spectators in the colored balcony, who rise silently as he walks underneath them, to honor his efforts.', " The novel explores the theme of loss of innocence through each character's encounter with defeat. Lee uses irony to judge their heroism or foolishness. The Missionary Society's behavior towards Scout is an ironic contrast of piety and colonialist attitudes. Atticus' loss in Tom's case is met with silent respect from black spectators, while he is the last to leave the courtroom.", 8)
('Initial reactions to the novel were varied. The New Yorker declared it "skilled, unpretentious, and totally ingenious", and The Atlantic Monthly\'s reviewer rated it as "pleasant, undemanding reading", but found the narrative voice—"a six-year-old girl with the prose style of a well-educated adult"—to be implausible. Time magazine\'s 1960 review of the book states that it "teaches the reader an astonishing number of useful truths about little girls and about Southern life" and calls Scout Finch "the most appealing child since Carson McCullers\' Frankie got left behind at the wedding". The Chicago Sunday Tribune noted the even-handed approach to the narration of the novel\'s events, writing: "This is in no way a sociological novel. It underlines no cause ... To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel of strong contemporary national significance."', " The New Yorker and The Atlantic Monthly had positive reactions to To Kill a Mockingbird, with The New Yorker finding it ingenious and The Atlantic Monthly finding it pleasant but implausible due to the narrative voice. Time magazine praised the book for teaching useful truths about girls and Southern life, and introducing an appealing child character. The Chicago Sunday Tribune noted the even-handed approach to the novel's events and emphasized that it did not underline any cause or sociological message.", 7)
('Not all reviewers were enthusiastic. Some lamented the use of poor white Southerners, and one-dimensional black victims, and Granville Hicks labeled the book "melodramatic and contrived". When the book was first released, Southern writer Flannery O\'Connor commented, "I think for a child\'s book it does all right. It\'s interesting that all the folks that are buying it don\'t know they\'re reading a child\'s book. Somebody ought to say what it is." Carson McCullers apparently agreed with the Time magazine review, writing to a cousin: "Well, honey, one thing we know is that she\'s been poaching on my literary preserves."', " Some critics were critical of the use of stereotypical characters in the book, with Flannery O'Connor and Carson McCullers expressing their disagreement. O'Connor considered it suitable for children, while McCullers referred to it as poaching on her literary territory.", 6)
('The 50th anniversary of the novel\'s release was met with celebrations and reflections on its impact. Eric Zorn of the Chicago Tribune praises Lee\'s "rich use of language" but writes that the central lesson is that "courage isn\'t always flashy, isn\'t always enough, but is always in style". Jane Sullivan in the Sydney Morning Herald agrees, stating that the book "still rouses fresh and horrified indignation" as it examines morality, a topic that has recently become unfashionable. Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie writing in The Guardian states that Lee, rare among American novelists, writes with "a fiercely progressive ink, in which there is nothing inevitable about racism and its very foundation is open to question", comparing her to William Faulkner, who wrote about racism as an inevitability. Literary critic Rosemary Goring in Scotland\'s The Herald notes the connections between Lee and Jane Austen, stating the book\'s central theme, that "one’s moral convictions are worth fighting for, even at the risk of being reviled" is eloquently discussed.', " The 50th anniversary of Harper Lee's novel received praise for its language and exploration of courage, morality, and the ongoing relevance of these themes. Eric Zorn of the Chicago Tribune and Jane Sullivan of the Sydney Morning Herald both noted the book's enduring impact on examining courage and morality. Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie in The Guardian compared Lee's progressive perspective on racism to William Faulkner, while Rosemary Goring in Scotland's The Herald drew connections between Lee and Jane Austen, highlighting the importance of standing firm in moral convictions.", 7)
('Native Alabamian Allen Barra sharply criticized Lee and the novel in The Wall Street Journal calling Atticus a "repository of cracker-barrel epigrams" and the novel represents a "sugar-coated myth" of Alabama history. Barra writes, "It\'s time to stop pretending that To Kill a Mockingbird is some kind of timeless classic that ranks with the great works of American literature. Its bloodless liberal humanism is sadly dated". Thomas Mallon in The New Yorker criticizes Atticus\' stiff and self-righteous demeanor, and calls Scout "a kind of highly constructed doll" whose speech and actions are improbable. Although acknowledging that the novel works, Mallon blasts Lee\'s "wildly unstable" narrative voice for developing a story about a content neighborhood until it begins to impart morals in the courtroom drama, following with his observation that "the book has begun to cherish its own goodness" by the time the case is over.[note 2] Defending the book, Akin Ajayi writes that justice "is often complicated, but must always be founded upon the notion of equality and fairness for all." Ajayi states that the book forces readers to question issues about race, class, and society, but that it was not written to resolve them.', ' Native Alabamian Allen Barra criticized "To Kill a Mockingbird" in The Wall Street Journal, labeling Atticus as a "repository of cracker-barrel epigrams" and the novel as a "sugar-coated myth" of Alabama history. Thomas Mallon in The New Yorker criticized Atticus\'s stiff and self-righteous demeanor and called Scout a highly constructed doll with improbable speech and actions. Mallon also criticized Lee\'s "wildly unstable" narrative voice and the book\'s shift from a content neighborhood story to imparting morals in the courtroom drama. Akin Ajayi defended the book, emphasizing the importance of justice based on equality and fairness for all, and acknowledging that the book forces readers to question issues about race, class, and society, but not written to resolve them.', 8)
('Furthermore, despite the novel\'s thematic focus on racial injustice, its black characters are not fully examined. In its use of racial epithets, stereotyped depictions of superstitious blacks, and Calpurnia, who to some critics is an updated version of the "contented slave" motif and to others simply unexplored, the book is viewed as marginalizing black characters. One writer asserts that the use of Scout\'s narration serves as a convenient mechanism for readers to be innocent and detached from the racial conflict. Scout\'s voice "functions as the not-me which allows the rest of us—black and white, male and female—to find our relative position in society". A teaching guide for the novel published by The English Journal cautions, "what seems wonderful or powerful to one group of students may seem degrading to another". A Canadian language arts consultant found that the novel resonated well with white students, but that black students found it "demoralizing". Another criticism, articulated by Michael Lind, is that the novel indulges in classist stereotyping and demonization of poor rural "white trash".', ' The novel\'s focus on racial injustice is criticized for its marginalization of black characters through the use of racial epithets, stereotyped depictions, and unexplored characters like Calpurnia. Some view Scout\'s narration as allowing readers to remain innocent and detached from racial conflict. The novel may be degrading to some students, and black students in particular find it demoralizing. Another criticism is the classist stereotyping and demonization of poor rural "white trash" in the novel.', 7)
('Diane McWhorter, Pulitzer Prize-winning historian of the Birmingham civil rights campaign, asserts that To Kill a Mockingbird condemns racism instead of racists, and states that every child in the South has moments of racial cognitive dissonance when they are faced with the harsh reality of inequality. This feeling causes them to question the beliefs with which they have been raised, which for many children is what the novel does. McWhorter writes of Lee, "for a white person from the South to write a book like this in the late 1950s is really unusual—by its very existence an act of protest."[note 4] Author James McBride calls Lee brilliant but stops short of calling her brave: "I think by calling Harper Lee brave you kind of absolve yourself of your own racism ... She certainly set the standards in terms of how these issues need to be discussed, but in many ways I feel ... the moral bar\'s been lowered. And that\'s really distressing. We need a thousand Atticus Finches." McBride, however, defends the book\'s sentimentality, and the way Lee approaches the story with "honesty and integrity".', ' Diane McWhorter, a Pulitzer Prize-winning historian, believes "To Kill a Mockingbird" condemns racism rather than racists, causing children in the South to question their beliefs. McWhorter finds Lee\'s writing an act of protest. James McBride calls Lee brilliant but not brave, defending the book\'s sentimentality and approach.', 7)
('According to a National Geographic article, the novel is so revered in Monroeville that people quote lines from it like Scripture; yet Harper Lee herself refused to attend any performances, because "she abhors anything that trades on the book\'s fame". To underscore this sentiment, Lee demanded that a book of recipes named Calpurnia\'s Cookbook not be published and sold out of the Monroe County Heritage Museum. David Lister in The Independent states that Lee\'s refusal to speak to reporters made them desire to interview her all the more, and her silence "makes Bob Dylan look like a media tart". Despite her discouragement, a rising number of tourists made to Monroeville a destination, hoping to see Lee\'s inspiration for the book, or Lee herself. Local residents call them "Mockingbird groupies", and although Lee was not reclusive, she refused publicity and interviews with an emphatic "Hell, no!"', ' Harper Lee, author of "To Kill a Mockingbird," is deeply revered in Monroeville, yet she refused to attend performances or engage with fans. She also prevented the publication of "Calpurnia\'s Cookbook" at the Monroe County Heritage Museum. The media\'s desire to interview Lee increased due to her silence, and tourists flocked to Monroeville, earning them the nickname "Mockingbird groupies." Lee was not reclusive but firmly declined publicity and interviews with a resolute "Hell, no!"', 8)
('Solar energy is radiant light and heat from the Sun harnessed using a range of ever-evolving technologies such as solar heating, photovoltaics, solar thermal energy, solar architecture and artificial photosynthesis.', ' The text discusses solar energy, which is captured using various technologies including solar heating, photovoltaics, solar thermal energy, solar architecture, and artificial photosynthesis.', 8)
("The Earth receives 174,000 terawatts (TW) of incoming solar radiation (insolation) at the upper atmosphere. Approximately 30% is reflected back to space while the rest is absorbed by clouds, oceans and land masses. The spectrum of solar light at the Earth's surface is mostly spread across the visible and near-infrared ranges with a small part in the near-ultraviolet. Most people around the world live in areas with insolation levels of 150 to 300 watts per square meter or 3.5 to 7.0 kWh/m2 per day.", " The Earth receives 174,000 TW of solar radiation. About 30% is reflected, and the rest is absorbed. Solar radiation at Earth's surface is mainly in visible and near-infrared ranges, with a small portion in near-ultraviolet. Most people inhabit areas with insolation of 150-300 watts per square meter (3.5-7.0 kWh/m2 per day).", 8)
("Solar radiation is absorbed by the Earth's land surface, oceans – which cover about 71% of the globe – and atmosphere. Warm air containing evaporated water from the oceans rises, causing atmospheric circulation or convection. When the air reaches a high altitude, where the temperature is low, water vapor condenses into clouds, which rain onto the Earth's surface, completing the water cycle. The latent heat of water condensation amplifies convection, producing atmospheric phenomena such as wind, cyclones and anti-cyclones. Sunlight absorbed by the oceans and land masses keeps the surface at an average temperature of 14 °C. By photosynthesis green plants convert solar energy into chemically stored energy, which produces food, wood and the biomass from which fossil fuels are derived.", " Solar radiation is absorbed by the Earth's land, oceans, and atmosphere. Warm air rises, causing convection and atmospheric circulation. Water vapor in air condenses into clouds, forming the water cycle. Sunlight heats oceans and land, maintaining an average temperature of 14 °C. Green plants convert solar energy into chemically stored energy through photosynthesis.", 8)
("The total solar energy absorbed by Earth's atmosphere, oceans and land masses is approximately 3,850,000 exajoules (EJ) per year. In 2002, this was more energy in one hour than the world used in one year. Photosynthesis captures approximately 3,000 EJ per year in biomass. The amount of solar energy reaching the surface of the planet is so vast that in one year it is about twice as much as will ever be obtained from all of the Earth's non-renewable resources of coal, oil, natural gas, and mined uranium combined,", " The Earth absorbs approximately 3,850,000 EJ of solar energy yearly. In one hour, this equals the world's annual energy use in 2002. Photosynthesis captures around 3,000 EJ yearly in biomass. Solar energy reaching the Earth's surface is twice the amount that can be obtained from all non-renewable resources combined.", 8)
('Solar technologies are broadly characterized as either passive or active depending on the way they capture, convert and distribute sunlight and enable solar energy to be harnessed at different levels around the world, mostly depending on distance from the equator. Although solar energy refers primarily to the use of solar radiation for practical ends, all renewable energies, other than geothermal and tidal, derive their energy from the Sun in a direct or indirect way.', ' Solar technologies are classified as passive or active based on how they utilize sunlight and solar energy. Solar energy primarily refers to the use of sunlight for practical purposes, while all renewable energies, except geothermal and tidal, derive energy from the Sun.', 7)
('Active solar techniques use photovoltaics, concentrated solar power, solar thermal collectors, pumps, and fans to convert sunlight into useful outputs. Passive solar techniques include selecting materials with favorable thermal properties, designing spaces that naturally circulate air, and referencing the position of a building to the Sun. Active solar technologies increase the supply of energy and are considered supply side technologies, while passive solar technologies reduce the need for alternate resources and are generally considered demand side technologies.', ' The text discusses active and passive solar techniques for converting sunlight into useful outputs. Active methods utilize photovoltaics, concentrated solar power, solar thermal collectors, pumps, and fans. Passive methods involve selecting thermally favorable materials, designing for natural air circulation, and aligning buildings with the Sun. Active technologies boost energy supply (supply side), while passive techniques decrease energy demand (demand side).', 9)
('In 1897, Frank Shuman, a U.S. inventor, engineer and solar energy pioneer built a small demonstration solar engine that worked by reflecting solar energy onto square boxes filled with ether, which has a lower boiling point than water, and were fitted internally with black pipes which in turn powered a steam engine. In 1908 Shuman formed the Sun Power Company with the intent of building larger solar power plants. He, along with his technical advisor A.S.E. Ackermann and British physicist Sir Charles Vernon Boys, developed an improved system using mirrors to reflect solar energy upon collector boxes, increasing heating capacity to the extent that water could now be used instead of ether. Shuman then constructed a full-scale steam engine powered by low-pressure water, enabling him to patent the entire solar engine system by 1912.', ' In 1897, Frank Shuman built a solar engine using ether-filled boxes and steam engine. In 1908, he formed Sun Power Company and improved the system with mirrors and water. By 1912, he constructed a full-scale water-powered solar engine and patented the system.', 8)
("Shuman built the world’s first solar thermal power station in Maadi, Egypt, between 1912 and 1913. Shuman’s plant used parabolic troughs to power a 45–52 kilowatts (60–70 hp) engine that pumped more than 22,000 litres (4,800 imp gal; 5,800 US gal) of water per minute from the Nile River to adjacent cotton fields. Although the outbreak of World War I and the discovery of cheap oil in the 1930s discouraged the advancement of solar energy, Shuman’s vision and basic design were resurrected in the 1970s with a new wave of interest in solar thermal energy. In 1916 Shuman was quoted in the media advocating solar energy's utilization, saying:", " Shuman constructed the first solar thermal power station in Maadi, Egypt (1912-1913), using parabolic troughs to power a 45-52 kilowatts engine, pumping 22,000 liters of water per minute from the Nile River. Solar energy progress was hindered by World War I and cheap oil in the 1930s, but Shuman's vision and design were revived in the 1970s. In 1916, Shuman advocated for solar energy use in media.", 8)
('Solar hot water systems use sunlight to heat water. In low geographical latitudes (below 40 degrees) from 60 to 70% of the domestic hot water use with temperatures up to 60 °C can be provided by solar heating systems. The most common types of solar water heaters are evacuated tube collectors (44%) and glazed flat plate collectors (34%) generally used for domestic hot water; and unglazed plastic collectors (21%) used mainly to heat swimming pools.', ' Solar hot water systems provide up to 60-70% of domestic hot water needs in low latitudes (below 40 degrees) with temperatures up to 60 °C. Common types include evacuated tube collectors (44%), glazed flat plate collectors (34%), and unglazed plastic collectors (21%). Evacuated tube collectors and glazed flat plate collectors are primarily used for domestic hot water, while unglazed plastic collectors are mainly for pool heating.', 9)
('As of 2007, the total installed capacity of solar hot water systems is approximately 154 thermal gigawatt (GWth). China is the world leader in their deployment with 70 GWth installed as of 2006 and a long-term goal of 210 GWth by 2020. Israel and Cyprus are the per capita leaders in the use of solar hot water systems with over 90% of homes using them. In the United States, Canada and Australia heating swimming pools is the dominant application of solar hot water with an installed capacity of 18 GWth as of 2005.', ' The global installed capacity of solar hot water systems was around 154 GWth in 2007. China had the largest deployment with 70 GWth and aimed for 210 GWth by 2020. Israel and Cyprus had the highest per capita usage with over 90% of homes using solar hot water. In the US, Canada, and Australia, solar hot water was primarily used for heating swimming pools, with a capacity of 18 GWth installed in 2005.', 8)
('In the United States, heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) systems account for 30% (4.65 EJ/yr) of the energy used in commercial buildings and nearly 50% (10.1 EJ/yr) of the energy used in residential buildings. Solar heating, cooling and ventilation technologies can be used to offset a portion of this energy.', ' HVAC systems use 30% of energy in commercial buildings (4.65 EJ/yr) and 49.5% in residential buildings (10.1 EJ/yr) in the US. Solar technologies can reduce energy consumption for heating, cooling, and ventilation.', 8)
('Thermal mass is any material that can be used to store heat—heat from the Sun in the case of solar energy. Common thermal mass materials include stone, cement and water. Historically they have been used in arid climates or warm temperate regions to keep buildings cool by absorbing solar energy during the day and radiating stored heat to the cooler atmosphere at night. However, they can be used in cold temperate areas to maintain warmth as well. The size and placement of thermal mass depend on several factors such as climate, daylighting and shading conditions. When properly incorporated, thermal mass maintains space temperatures in a comfortable range and reduces the need for auxiliary heating and cooling equipment.', ' The text discusses thermal mass, which is a material capable of storing heat, including solar energy. Common thermal mass materials are stone, cement, and water. Historically used in warmer climates for cooling, they absorb heat during the day and release it at night. In colder climates, they maintain warmth. Thermal mass size and placement depend on climate, daylighting, and shading conditions. Properly used, thermal mass maintains comfortable space temperatures and reduces the need for additional heating and cooling equipment.', 8)
('A solar chimney (or thermal chimney, in this context) is a passive solar ventilation system composed of a vertical shaft connecting the interior and exterior of a building. As the chimney warms, the air inside is heated causing an updraft that pulls air through the building. Performance can be improved by using glazing and thermal mass materials in a way that mimics greenhouses.', " A solar chimney is a vertical shaft connecting a building's interior and exterior, which heats up and creates an updraft for passive solar ventilation. Enhancements include using glazing and thermal mass materials like in greenhouses.", 8)
('Deciduous trees and plants have been promoted as a means of controlling solar heating and cooling. When planted on the southern side of a building in the northern hemisphere or the northern side in the southern hemisphere, their leaves provide shade during the summer, while the bare limbs allow light to pass during the winter. Since bare, leafless trees shade 1/3 to 1/2 of incident solar radiation, there is a balance between the benefits of summer shading and the corresponding loss of winter heating. In climates with significant heating loads, deciduous trees should not be planted on the Equator facing side of a building because they will interfere with winter solar availability. They can, however, be used on the east and west sides to provide a degree of summer shading without appreciably affecting winter solar gain.', ' Deciduous trees provide summer shading and winter light on the correct hemisphere sides of buildings, with a balance between benefits and losses. In high heating climates, they should not be planted on the Equator facing side. They can be used for summer shading on east and west building sides without affecting winter solar gain. Deciduous trees shield 1/3 to 1/2 of solar radiation when bare.', 7)
('Solar cookers use sunlight for cooking, drying and pasteurization. They can be grouped into three broad categories: box cookers, panel cookers and reflector cookers. The simplest solar cooker is the box cooker first built by Horace de Saussure in 1767. A basic box cooker consists of an insulated container with a transparent lid. It can be used effectively with partially overcast skies and will typically reach temperatures of 90–150 °C (194–302 °F). Panel cookers use a reflective panel to direct sunlight onto an insulated container and reach temperatures comparable to box cookers. Reflector cookers use various concentrating geometries (dish, trough, Fresnel mirrors) to focus light on a cooking container. These cookers reach temperatures of 315 °C (599 °F) and above but require direct light to function properly and must be repositioned to track the Sun.', ' box cookers, panel cookers, and reflector cookers. Box cookers, first built by Horace de Saussure in 1767, consist of an insulated container with a transparent lid, reaching temperatures between 90-150°C (194-302°F) under partially overcast skies. Panel cookers employ a reflective panel to direct sunlight onto an insulated container, achieving temperatures similar to box cookers. Reflector cookers concentrate light using various geometries (dish, trough, Fresnel mirrors) and reach temperatures above 315°C (599°F), requiring direct light and repositioning to track the Sun.', 8)
('Solar concentrating technologies such as parabolic dish, trough and Scheffler reflectors can provide process heat for commercial and industrial applications. The first commercial system was the Solar Total Energy Project (STEP) in Shenandoah, Georgia, USA where a field of 114 parabolic dishes provided 50% of the process heating, air conditioning and electrical requirements for a clothing factory. This grid-connected cogeneration system provided 400 kW of electricity plus thermal energy in the form of 401 kW steam and 468 kW chilled water, and had a one-hour peak load thermal storage. Evaporation ponds are shallow pools that concentrate dissolved solids through evaporation. The use of evaporation ponds to obtain salt from sea water is one of the oldest applications of solar energy. Modern uses include concentrating brine solutions used in leach mining and removing dissolved solids from waste streams. Clothes lines, clotheshorses, and clothes racks dry clothes through evaporation by wind and sunlight without consuming electricity or gas. In some states of the United States legislation protects the "right to dry" clothes. Unglazed transpired collectors (UTC) are perforated sun-facing walls used for preheating ventilation air. UTCs can raise the incoming air temperature up to 22 °C (40 °F) and deliver outlet temperatures of 45–60 °C (113–140 °F). The short payback period of transpired collectors (3 to 12 years) makes them a more cost-effective alternative than glazed collection systems. As of 2003, over 80 systems with a combined collector area of 35,000 square metres (380,000 sq ft) had been installed worldwide, including an 860 m2 (9,300 sq ft) collector in Costa Rica used for drying coffee beans and a 1,300 m2 (14,000 sq ft) collector in Coimbatore, India, used for drying marigolds.', ' Solar concentrating technologies like parabolic dishes, troughs, and Scheffler reflectors provide process heat for commercial and industrial applications. The Solar Total Energy Project in Georgia, USA, used 114 parabolic dishes for a clothing factory, generating 400 kW electricity and thermal energy in the form of steam and chilled water. Evaporation ponds concentrate dissolved solids through evaporation, used for obtaining salt from seawater and concentrating brine solutions. Clotheslines, clotheshorses, and racks dry clothes through wind and sunlight. Unglazed transpired collectors (UTC) are perforated sun-facing walls used for preheating ventilation air, raising incoming air temperature up to 40°F and delivering outlet temperatures of 113-140°F. UTCs have a short payback period (3-12 years) and over 80 systems with a combined area of 380,000 sq ft have been installed worldwide. Examples include a coffee bean drying system in Costa Rica and a marigold drying system in India.', 7)
('Solar distillation can be used to make saline or brackish water potable. The first recorded instance of this was by 16th-century Arab alchemists. A large-scale solar distillation project was first constructed in 1872 in the Chilean mining town of Las Salinas. The plant, which had solar collection area of 4,700 m2 (51,000 sq ft), could produce up to 22,700 L (5,000 imp gal; 6,000 US gal) per day and operate for 40 years. Individual still designs include single-slope, double-slope (or greenhouse type), vertical, conical, inverted absorber, multi-wick, and multiple effect. These stills can operate in passive, active, or hybrid modes. Double-slope stills are the most economical for decentralized domestic purposes, while active multiple effect units are more suitable for large-scale applications.', ' Solar distillation is an method for making non-potable saline or brackish water drinkable. It was first used by 16th-century Arab alchemists. A large-scale solar distillation plant was built in 1872 in Chile, producing up to 22,700 L/day. Varieties of still designs include single-slope, double-slope (greenhouse type), vertical, conical, inverted absorber, multi-wick, and multiple effect. These stills can function in passive, active, or hybrid modes. Double-slope stills are economical for domestic use, while active multiple effect units are better for large-scale applications.', 8)
('Solar water disinfection (SODIS) involves exposing water-filled plastic polyethylene terephthalate (PET) bottles to sunlight for several hours. Exposure times vary depending on weather and climate from a minimum of six hours to two days during fully overcast conditions. It is recommended by the World Health Organization as a viable method for household water treatment and safe storage. Over two million people in developing countries use this method for their daily drinking water.', ' Exposing PET bottles to sunlight (6 hours minimum, up to 2 days overcast) for safe drinking water, per WHO; used by over 2 million in developing countries.', 8)
('Solar energy may be used in a water stabilisation pond to treat waste water without chemicals or electricity. A further environmental advantage is that algae grow in such ponds and consume carbon dioxide in photosynthesis, although algae may produce toxic chemicals that make the water unusable.', ' Solar energy is used in water stabilization ponds for waste water treatment without chemicals or electricity. Algae growth in these ponds absorbs carbon dioxide but may produce toxic chemicals.', 8)
("Solar power is anticipated to become the world's largest source of electricity by 2050, with solar photovoltaics and concentrated solar power contributing 16 and 11 percent to the global overall consumption, respectively.", ' Solar power is expected to be the largest source of electricity globally by 2050, with solar photovoltaics and concentrated solar power contributing 16% and 11% respectively to the total consumption.', 10)
('Commercial CSP plants were first developed in the 1980s. Since 1985 the eventually 354 MW SEGS CSP installation, in the Mojave Desert of California, is the largest solar power plant in the world. Other large CSP plants include the 150 MW Solnova Solar Power Station and the 100 MW Andasol solar power station, both in Spain. The 250 MW Agua Caliente Solar Project, in the United States, and the 221 MW Charanka Solar Park in India, are the world’s largest photovoltaic plants. Solar projects exceeding 1 GW are being developed, but most of the deployed photovoltaics are in small rooftop arrays of less than 5 kW, which are grid connected using net metering and/or a feed-in tariff. In 2013 solar generated less than 1% of the worlds total grid electricity.', " The largest Commercial Concentrated Solar Power (CSP) plants were developed in the 1980s, with the 354 MW SEGS CSP installation in California being the biggest. Other large CSP plants are the 150 MW Solnova Solar Power Station and 100 MW Andasol solar power station in Spain. The 250 MW Agua Caliente Solar Project in the US and 221 MW Charanka Solar Park in India are the largest photovoltaic plants. Larger solar projects exceeding 1 GW are being developed, but most deployed photovoltaics are small rooftop arrays of less than 5 kW. In 2013, solar generated less than 1% of the world's total grid electricity.", 8)
('In the last two decades, photovoltaics (PV), also known as solar PV, has evolved from a pure niche market of small scale applications towards becoming a mainstream electricity source. A solar cell is a device that converts light directly into electricity using the photoelectric effect. The first solar cell was constructed by Charles Fritts in the 1880s. In 1931 a German engineer, Dr Bruno Lange, developed a photo cell using silver selenide in place of copper oxide. Although the prototype selenium cells converted less than 1% of incident light into electricity, both Ernst Werner von Siemens and James Clerk Maxwell recognized the importance of this discovery. Following the work of Russell Ohl in the 1940s, researchers Gerald Pearson, Calvin Fuller and Daryl Chapin created the crystalline silicon solar cell in 1954. These early solar cells cost 286 USD/watt and reached efficiencies of 4.5–6%. By 2012 available efficiencies exceed 20% and the maximum efficiency of research photovoltaics is over 40%.', ' Solar PV, or photovoltaics, has transitioned from a niche market to a mainstream electricity source over the last two decades. The first solar cell was built using selenium by Charles Fritts in the 1880s, but it only converted less than 1% of light into electricity. In 1931, Dr Bruno Lange developed a selenium photo cell, and Siemens and Maxwell recognized its potential. Crystalline silicon solar cells were created by Pearson, Fuller, and Chapin in 1954, costing 286 USD/watt with efficiencies of 4.5-6%. By 2012, available efficiencies exceeded 20%, and research photovoltaics reached over 40% efficiency.', 7)
('Concentrating Solar Power (CSP) systems use lenses or mirrors and tracking systems to focus a large area of sunlight into a small beam. The concentrated heat is then used as a heat source for a conventional power plant. A wide range of concentrating technologies exists; the most developed are the parabolic trough, the concentrating linear fresnel reflector, the Stirling dish and the solar power tower. Various techniques are used to track the Sun and focus light. In all of these systems a working fluid is heated by the concentrated sunlight, and is then used for power generation or energy storage.', ' CSP systems focus sunlight using lenses or mirrors and tracking systems, converting it into concentrated heat for power plants. Technologies include parabolic trough, linear fresnel reflector, Stirling dish, and solar power tower. Sun tracking and light focusing techniques heat a working fluid for power generation or energy storage.', 8)
("The common features of passive solar architecture are orientation relative to the Sun, compact proportion (a low surface area to volume ratio), selective shading (overhangs) and thermal mass. When these features are tailored to the local climate and environment they can produce well-lit spaces that stay in a comfortable temperature range. Socrates' Megaron House is a classic example of passive solar design. The most recent approaches to solar design use computer modeling tying together solar lighting, heating and ventilation systems in an integrated solar design package. Active solar equipment such as pumps, fans and switchable windows can complement passive design and improve system performance.", ' Passive solar architecture includes orientation towards the Sun, compact proportion, selective shading, and thermal mass for well-lit, comfortable spaces. Socrates Megaron House is an example. Modern solar design integrates lighting, heating, and ventilation systems. Active solar equipment enhances passive design.', 8)
('Urban heat islands (UHI) are metropolitan areas with higher temperatures than that of the surrounding environment. The higher temperatures are a result of increased absorption of the Solar light by urban materials such as asphalt and concrete, which have lower albedos and higher heat capacities than those in the natural environment. A straightforward method of counteracting the UHI effect is to paint buildings and roads white and plant trees. Using these methods, a hypothetical "cool communities" program in Los Angeles has projected that urban temperatures could be reduced by approximately 3 °C at an estimated cost of US$1 billion, giving estimated total annual benefits of US$530 million from reduced air-conditioning costs and healthcare savings.', ' Urban heat islands (UHI) are metropolitan areas with higher temperatures than surrounding environments, caused by increased absorption of Solar light by urban materials like asphalt and concrete. To mitigate UHI effect, buildings and roads can be painted white and trees planted. A "cool communities" program in Los Angeles projects a 3 °C temperature reduction at a US$1 billion cost, with US$530 million annual benefits from air-conditioning cost savings and healthcare savings.', 9)
('Agriculture and horticulture seek to optimize the capture of solar energy in order to optimize the productivity of plants. Techniques such as timed planting cycles, tailored row orientation, staggered heights between rows and the mixing of plant varieties can improve crop yields. While sunlight is generally considered a plentiful resource, the exceptions highlight the importance of solar energy to agriculture. During the short growing seasons of the Little Ice Age, French and English farmers employed fruit walls to maximize the collection of solar energy. These walls acted as thermal masses and accelerated ripening by keeping plants warm. Early fruit walls were built perpendicular to the ground and facing south, but over time, sloping walls were developed to make better use of sunlight. In 1699, Nicolas Fatio de Duillier even suggested using a tracking mechanism which could pivot to follow the Sun. Applications of solar energy in agriculture aside from growing crops include pumping water, drying crops, brooding chicks and drying chicken manure. More recently the technology has been embraced by vinters, who use the energy generated by solar panels to power grape presses.', " Agriculture and horticulture utilize techniques like timed planting, row orientation, and plant variety mixing to optimize solar energy capture and enhance plant productivity. Solar energy's importance is emphasized by exceptions, such as during the Little Ice Age when farmers used fruit walls to maximize solar energy collection. Fruit walls acted as thermal masses and accelerated ripening. Early walls were built perpendicular to the ground and facing south, but later, sloping walls were developed. Solar energy applications in agriculture include water pumping, crop drying, brooding chicks, and manure drying. Vinters use solar panels to generate energy for grape pressing.", 8)
('Greenhouses convert solar light to heat, enabling year-round production and the growth (in enclosed environments) of specialty crops and other plants not naturally suited to the local climate. Primitive greenhouses were first used during Roman times to produce cucumbers year-round for the Roman emperor Tiberius. The first modern greenhouses were built in Europe in the 16th century to keep exotic plants brought back from explorations abroad. Greenhouses remain an important part of horticulture today, and plastic transparent materials have also been used to similar effect in polytunnels and row covers.', ' Greenhouses, used since Roman times, convert solar light into heat for year-round production of specialty crops and unsuitable plants. First modern greenhouses appeared in Europe in the 16th century for exotic plants. Plastic materials are now used in polytunnels and row covers for similar purposes.', 8)
("Development of a solar-powered car has been an engineering goal since the 1980s. The World Solar Challenge is a biannual solar-powered car race, where teams from universities and enterprises compete over 3,021 kilometres (1,877 mi) across central Australia from Darwin to Adelaide. In 1987, when it was founded, the winner's average speed was 67 kilometres per hour (42 mph) and by 2007 the winner's average speed had improved to 90.87 kilometres per hour (56.46 mph). The North American Solar Challenge and the planned South African Solar Challenge are comparable competitions that reflect an international interest in the engineering and development of solar powered vehicles.", ' Solar-powered car development has been ongoing since the 1980s, with the World Solar Challenge being a biannual 3,021 km race from Darwin to Adelaide. In 1987, the winners averaged 67 km/h, improving to 90.87 km/h by 2007. The North American and South African Solar Challenges are similar competitions showcasing international interest in solar vehicle engineering.', 8)
('In 1975, the first practical solar boat was constructed in England. By 1995, passenger boats incorporating PV panels began appearing and are now used extensively. In 1996, Kenichi Horie made the first solar powered crossing of the Pacific Ocean, and the sun21 catamaran made the first solar powered crossing of the Atlantic Ocean in the winter of 2006–2007. There were plans to circumnavigate the globe in 2010.', ' The first practical solar boat was built in England in 1975. Solar passenger boats with PV panels emerged by 1995 and are commonly used now. In 1996, Kenichi Horie made the first solar-powered Pacific Ocean crossing. The sun21 catamaran made the first solar-powered Atlantic Ocean crossing in winter 2006–2007. Plans existed to circumnavigate the globe with a solar-powered boat in 2010.', 9)
('In 1974, the unmanned AstroFlight Sunrise plane made the first solar flight. On 29 April 1979, the Solar Riser made the first flight in a solar-powered, fully controlled, man carrying flying machine, reaching an altitude of 40 feet (12 m). In 1980, the Gossamer Penguin made the first piloted flights powered solely by photovoltaics. This was quickly followed by the Solar Challenger which crossed the English Channel in July 1981. In 1990 Eric Scott Raymond in 21 hops flew from California to North Carolina using solar power. Developments then turned back to unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) with the Pathfinder (1997) and subsequent designs, culminating in the Helios which set the altitude record for a non-rocket-propelled aircraft at 29,524 metres (96,864 ft) in 2001. The Zephyr, developed by BAE Systems, is the latest in a line of record-breaking solar aircraft, making a 54-hour flight in 2007, and month-long flights were envisioned by 2010. As of 2015, Solar Impulse, an electric aircraft, is currently circumnavigating the globe. It is a single-seat plane powered by solar cells and capable of taking off under its own power. The designed allows the aircraft to remain airborne for 36 hours.', ' The AstroFlight Sunrise made the first solar flight in 1974. The Solar Riser reached an altitude of 40 feet in a solar-powered manned aircraft in 1979. The Gossamer Penguin made the first piloted solar flights in 1980. Eric Scott Raymond flew from California to North Carolina using solar power in 1990. UAVs like Pathfinder and Helios, which set the altitude record for a non-rocket-propelled aircraft in 2001, followed. The Zephyr made a 54-hour solar flight in 2007, and month-long flights were envisioned by 2010. Solar Impulse, a single-seat solar-powered electric aircraft, is currently circumnavigating the globe and capable of staying airborne for 36 hours.', 7)
("Solar chemical processes use solar energy to drive chemical reactions. These processes offset energy that would otherwise come from a fossil fuel source and can also convert solar energy into storable and transportable fuels. Solar induced chemical reactions can be divided into thermochemical or photochemical. A variety of fuels can be produced by artificial photosynthesis. The multielectron catalytic chemistry involved in making carbon-based fuels (such as methanol) from reduction of carbon dioxide is challenging; a feasible alternative is hydrogen production from protons, though use of water as the source of electrons (as plants do) requires mastering the multielectron oxidation of two water molecules to molecular oxygen. Some have envisaged working solar fuel plants in coastal metropolitan areas by 2050 –  the splitting of sea water providing hydrogen to be run through adjacent fuel-cell electric power plants and the pure water by-product going directly into the municipal water system. Another vision involves all human structures covering the earth's surface (i.e., roads, vehicles and buildings) doing photosynthesis more efficiently than plants.", " Solar chemical processes utilize solar energy for driving chemical reactions, reducing energy dependence on fossil fuels and producing storable and transportable fuels. Solar-induced reactions can be categorized as thermochemical or photochemical. Artificial photosynthesis can generate various fuels, including methanol from carbon dioxide reduction or hydrogen from water protons. Challenges exist in multielectron catalytic chemistry for carbon-based fuel production. Some envision solar fuel plants in metropolitan areas by 2050, producing hydrogen from seawater and using the by-product water for municipal systems. Another vision involves all structures on Earth's surface performing photosynthesis more efficiently than plants.", 8)
('Hydrogen production technologies been a significant area of solar chemical research since the 1970s. Aside from electrolysis driven by photovoltaic or photochemical cells, several thermochemical processes have also been explored. One such route uses concentrators to split water into oxygen and hydrogen at high temperatures (2,300–2,600 °C or 4,200–4,700 °F). Another approach uses the heat from solar concentrators to drive the steam reformation of natural gas thereby increasing the overall hydrogen yield compared to conventional reforming methods. Thermochemical cycles characterized by the decomposition and regeneration of reactants present another avenue for hydrogen production. The Solzinc process under development at the Weizmann Institute uses a 1 MW solar furnace to decompose zinc oxide (ZnO) at temperatures above 1,200 °C (2,200 °F). This initial reaction produces pure zinc, which can subsequently be reacted with water to produce hydrogen.', ' Hydrogen production through solar chemical research includes electrolysis using photovoltaic or photochemical cells and thermochemical processes. Thermochemical methods use concentrators to split water at high temperatures (2,300–2,600 °C/4,200–4,700 °F) or drive steam reformations of natural gas. Thermochemical cycles, such as the Solzinc process, decompose reactants (like zinc oxide) at high temperatures (above 1,200 °C/2,200 °F) to produce hydrogen.', 8)
('Thermal mass systems can store solar energy in the form of heat at domestically useful temperatures for daily or interseasonal durations. Thermal storage systems generally use readily available materials with high specific heat capacities such as water, earth and stone. Well-designed systems can lower peak demand, shift time-of-use to off-peak hours and reduce overall heating and cooling requirements.', ' Thermal mass systems store solar energy as heat using materials like water, earth, and stone for daily or interseasonal use. These systems reduce peak demand, shift energy usage to off-peak hours, and decrease overall heating and cooling requirements.', 8)
('Phase change materials such as paraffin wax and Glauber\'s salt are another thermal storage media. These materials are inexpensive, readily available, and can deliver domestically useful temperatures (approximately 64 °C or 147 °F). The "Dover House" (in Dover, Massachusetts) was the first to use a Glauber\'s salt heating system, in 1948. Solar energy can also be stored at high temperatures using molten salts. Salts are an effective storage medium because they are low-cost, have a high specific heat capacity and can deliver heat at temperatures compatible with conventional power systems. The Solar Two used this method of energy storage, allowing it to store 1.44 terajoules (400,000 kWh) in its 68 cubic metres storage tank with an annual storage efficiency of about 99%.', ' Phase change materials like paraffin wax and Glaubers salt are affordable and readily available thermal storage media capable of delivering domestic temperatures. Glaubers salt was first used in heating system at Dover House in 1948. Solar energy can also be stored at high temperatures using molten salts, which are cost-effective, have high specific heat capacity, and are compatible with conventional power systems. Solar Two utilized this method, storing 1.44 terajoules (400,000 kWh) in a 68 cubic meters tank with an annual storage efficiency of 99%.', 8)
("Off-grid PV systems have traditionally used rechargeable batteries to store excess electricity. With grid-tied systems, excess electricity can be sent to the transmission grid, while standard grid electricity can be used to meet shortfalls. Net metering programs give household systems a credit for any electricity they deliver to the grid. This is handled by 'rolling back' the meter whenever the home produces more electricity than it consumes. If the net electricity use is below zero, the utility then rolls over the kilowatt hour credit to the next month. Other approaches involve the use of two meters, to measure electricity consumed vs. electricity produced. This is less common due to the increased installation cost of the second meter. Most standard meters accurately measure in both directions, making a second meter unnecessary.", ' Off-grid PV systems use batteries to store excess electricity. Grid-tied systems send excess electricity to the grid and use standard grid electricity during shortfalls. Net metering programs give credits for excess electricity delivered to the grid, rolled over to next month if necessary. Two meters can be used to measure consumption and production, but standard meters now measure in both directions, making a second meter less common.', 8)
('Pumped-storage hydroelectricity stores energy in the form of water pumped when energy is available from a lower elevation reservoir to a higher elevation one. The energy is recovered when demand is high by releasing the water, with the pump becoming a hydroelectric power generator.', ' Energy is stored as water pumped from a lower to higher reservoir in pumped-storage hydroelectricity. It is later released and used to generate hydroelectric power when demand is high.', 8)
('The 1973 oil embargo and 1979 energy crisis caused a reorganization of energy policies around the world and brought renewed attention to developing solar technologies. Deployment strategies focused on incentive programs such as the Federal Photovoltaic Utilization Program in the US and the Sunshine Program in Japan. Other efforts included the formation of research facilities in the US (SERI, now NREL), Japan (NEDO), and Germany (Fraunhofer Institute for Solar Energy Systems ISE).', " The oil embargos in 1973 and 1979 led to a global restructuring of energy policies and increased focus on solar technology development. Strategies included incentive programs like the Federal Photovoltaic Utilization Program in the US and Japan's Sunshine Program. Research facilities were established in the US (SERI, now NREL), Japan (NEDO), and Germany (Fraunhofer Institute for Solar Energy Systems ISE).", 8)
('Commercial solar water heaters began appearing in the United States in the 1890s. These systems saw increasing use until the 1920s but were gradually replaced by cheaper and more reliable heating fuels. As with photovoltaics, solar water heating attracted renewed attention as a result of the oil crises in the 1970s but interest subsided in the 1980s due to falling petroleum prices. Development in the solar water heating sector progressed steadily throughout the 1990s and growth rates have averaged 20% per year since 1999. Although generally underestimated, solar water heating and cooling is by far the most widely deployed solar technology with an estimated capacity of 154 GW as of 2007.', ' Solar water heaters emerged in the US in the 1890s, gained popularity until the 1920s, but were replaced by cheaper heating fuels. Renewed interest came during the oil crises in the 1970s, but waned in the 1980s. Development continued in the 1990s with an average growth rate of 20% per year since 1999. Solar water heating and cooling is the most widely deployed solar technology with an estimated capacity of 154 GW as of 2007.', 8)
('The International Energy Agency has said that solar energy can make considerable contributions to solving some of the most urgent problems the world now faces:', ' The International Energy Agency states that solar energy can significantly help address pressing global issues.', 8)
('The International Organization for Standardization has established a number of standards relating to solar energy equipment. For example, ISO 9050 relates to glass in building while ISO 10217 relates to the materials used in solar water heaters.', ' The International Organization for Standardization has established standards for solar energy equipment, including ISO 9050 for glass in building applications and ISO 10217 for materials in solar water heaters.', 9)
('It is an important source of renewable energy and its technologies are broadly characterized as either passive solar or active solar depending on the way they capture and distribute solar energy or convert it into solar power. Active solar techniques include the use of photovoltaic systems, concentrated solar power and solar water heating to harness the energy. Passive solar techniques include orienting a building to the Sun, selecting materials with favorable thermal mass or light dispersing properties, and designing spaces that naturally circulate air.', ' The text discusses renewable energy from the sun, with two main categories: active and passive solar techniques. Active methods utilize photovoltaic systems, concentrated solar power, and solar water heating. Passive techniques involve building orientation, thermal mass materials, and natural air circulation.', 8)
('The large magnitude of solar energy available makes it a highly appealing source of electricity. The United Nations Development Programme in its 2000 World Energy Assessment found that the annual potential of solar energy was 1,575–49,837 exajoules (EJ). This is several times larger than the total world energy consumption, which was 559.8 EJ in 2012.', " The potential solar energy annual capacity is estimated to be between 1,575 and 49,837 exajoules, significantly greater than the world's energy consumption of 559.8 EJ in 2012.", 8)
('In 2011, the International Energy Agency said that "the development of affordable, inexhaustible and clean solar energy technologies will have huge longer-term benefits. It will increase countries’ energy security through reliance on an indigenous, inexhaustible and mostly import-independent resource, enhance sustainability, reduce pollution, lower the costs of mitigating global warming, and keep fossil fuel prices lower than otherwise. These advantages are global. Hence the additional costs of the incentives for early deployment should be considered learning investments; they must be wisely spent and need to be widely shared".', ' The International Energy Agency stated that investing in affordable and clean solar energy in 2011 would bring long-term benefits, including increased energy security, sustainability, reduced pollution, lower global warming mitigation costs, and lower fossil fuel prices. These advantages are global, and the costs of incentives for early deployment should be considered as learning investments.', 8)
('The potential solar energy that could be used by humans differs from the amount of solar energy present near the surface of the planet because factors such as geography, time variation, cloud cover, and the land available to humans limits the amount of solar energy that we can acquire.', ' The usable solar energy for humans is less than the total solar energy available due to geographical, temporal, cloud cover, and land limitations.', 8)
('Geography effects solar energy potential because areas that are closer to the equator have a greater amount of solar radiation. However, the use of photovoltaics that can follow the position of the sun can significantly increase the solar energy potential in areas that are farther from the equator. Time variation effects the potential of solar energy because during the nighttime there is little solar radiation on the surface of the Earth for solar panels to absorb. This limits the amount of energy that solar panels can absorb in one day. Cloud cover can effect the potential of solar panels because clouds block incoming light from the sun and reduce the light available for solar cells.', " The solar energy potential is influenced by geography, with areas near the equator having higher radiation levels. Solar panels that track the sun's position can enhance solar energy generation in non-equatorial regions. Time impacts solar energy potential as solar panels absorb minimal radiation during nighttime, limiting daily energy intake. Cloud cover reduces solar energy potential by obstructing sunlight and limiting the light available for solar cells.", 8)
('In addition, land availability has a large effect on the available solar energy because solar panels can only be set up on land that is unowned and suitable for solar panels. Roofs have been found to be a suitable place for solar cells, as many people have discovered that they can collect energy directly from their homes this way. Other areas that are suitable for solar cells are lands that are unowned by businesses where solar plants can be established.', ' Solar energy availability is influenced by land availability for solar panel installation. Suitable lands include unowned and lands not used by businesses for solar plants, as well as roofs for residential solar cells.', 7)
('In 2000, the United Nations Development Programme, UN Department of Economic and Social Affairs, and World Energy Council published an estimate of the potential solar energy that could be used by humans each year that took into account factors such as insolation, cloud cover, and the land that is usable by humans. The estimate found that solar energy has a global potential of 1,575–49,837 EJ per year (see table below).', ' In 2000, the UN Development Programme, UN Department of Economic and Social Affairs, and World Energy Council estimated the global potential of solar energy for human use, considering insolation, cloud cover, and human-usable land. The potential ranged from 1,575 to 49,837 EJ per year.', 8)
('Solar power is the conversion of sunlight into electricity, either directly using photovoltaics (PV), or indirectly using concentrated solar power (CSP). CSP systems use lenses or mirrors and tracking systems to focus a large area of sunlight into a small beam. PV converts light into electric current using the photoelectric effect.', ' Solar power can be converted into electricity through photovoltaics (PV) or concentrated solar power (CSP). CSP utilizes lenses, mirrors, and tracking systems to focus sunlight into a small beam, while PV converts light into electric current using the photoelectric effect.', 8)
('Sunlight has influenced building design since the beginning of architectural history. Advanced solar architecture and urban planning methods were first employed by the Greeks and Chinese, who oriented their buildings toward the south to provide light and warmth.', ' The Greeks and Chinese utilized advanced solar architecture and urban planning techniques, positioning their buildings towards the south for optimal light and warmth.', 8)
('A solar balloon is a black balloon that is filled with ordinary air. As sunlight shines on the balloon, the air inside is heated and expands causing an upward buoyancy force, much like an artificially heated hot air balloon. Some solar balloons are large enough for human flight, but usage is generally limited to the toy market as the surface-area to payload-weight ratio is relatively high.', ' A solar balloon is a black balloon filled with regular air that rises due to heated air caused by sunlight. Larger ones can carry humans but are mainly used as toys due to their high surface area to weight ratio.', 8)
('Beginning with the surge in coal use which accompanied the Industrial Revolution, energy consumption has steadily transitioned from wood and biomass to fossil fuels. The early development of solar technologies starting in the 1860s was driven by an expectation that coal would soon become scarce. However, development of solar technologies stagnated in the early 20th century in the face of the increasing availability, economy, and utility of coal and petroleum.', ' The Industrial Revolution led to a shift from wood and biomass to fossil fuels for energy consumption. Solar technologies emerged in the 1860s due to coal scarcity concerns, but their development stalled in the early 20th century due to the abundance, affordability, and versatility of coal and petroleum.', 8)
('In 2011, a report by the International Energy Agency found that solar energy technologies such as photovoltaics, solar hot water and concentrated solar power could provide a third of the world’s energy by 2060 if politicians commit to limiting climate change. The energy from the sun could play a key role in de-carbonizing the global economy alongside improvements in energy efficiency and imposing costs on greenhouse gas emitters. "The strength of solar is the incredible variety and flexibility of applications, from small scale to big scale".', " In 2011, the International Energy Agency reported that solar energy technologies could supply approximately one-third of the world's energy by 2060 if politicians take action to limit climate change. Solar energy, including photovoltaics, solar hot water, and concentrated solar power, can contribute to decarbonizing the global economy, along with energy efficiency improvements and greenhouse gas emission costs. The versatility of solar energy is a significant advantage, with applications ranging from small to large scales.", 8)
("The territory that now constitutes Tajikistan was previously home to several ancient cultures, including the city of Sarazm of the Neolithic and the Bronze Age, and was later home to kingdoms ruled by people of different faiths and cultures, including the Oxus civilization, Andronovo culture, Buddhism, Nestorian Christianity, Zoroastrianism, and Manichaeism. The area has been ruled by numerous empires and dynasties, including the Achaemenid Empire, Sassanian Empire, Hephthalite Empire, Samanid Empire, Mongol Empire, Timurid dynasty, and the Russian Empire. As a result of the breakup of the Soviet Union, Tajikistan became an independent nation in 1991. A civil war was fought almost immediately after independence, lasting from 1992 to 1997. Since the end of the war, newly established political stability and foreign aid have allowed the country's economy to grow.", ' The area that is now Tajikistan was inhabited by various ancient civilizations and ruled by multiple empires and dynasties, including the Achaemenid, Sassanian, Hephthalite, Samanid, Mongol, Timurid, and Russian Empires. It was also home to religions such as Buddhism, Nestorian Christianity, Zoroastrianism, and Manichaeism. Tajikistan gained independence from the Soviet Union in 1991, but a civil war ensued from 1992 to 1997. Since the end of the war, political stability and foreign aid have contributed to economic growth.', 8)
("Tajiks began to be conscripted into the Soviet Army in 1939 and during World War II around 260,000 Tajik citizens fought against Germany, Finland and Japan. Between 60,000(4%) and 120,000(8%) of Tajikistan's 1,530,000 citizens were killed during World War II. Following the war and Stalin's reign attempts were made to further expand the agriculture and industry of Tajikistan. During 1957–58 Nikita Khrushchev's Virgin Lands Campaign focused attention on Tajikistan, where living conditions, education and industry lagged behind the other Soviet Republics. In the 1980s, Tajikistan had the lowest household saving rate in the USSR, the lowest percentage of households in the two top per capita income groups, and the lowest rate of university graduates per 1000 people. By the late 1980s Tajik nationalists were calling for increased rights. Real disturbances did not occur within the republic until 1990. The following year, the Soviet Union collapsed, and Tajikistan declared its independence.", " Tajiks joined the Soviet Army during World War II, with around 260,000 citizens fighting. Between 60,000 and 120,000 Tajik citizens were killed. Post-war, efforts were made to develop agriculture and industry. In the 1950s, Tajikistan lagged in living conditions, education, and industry. In the 1980s, it had the lowest savings rate, lowest percentage of high-income households, and fewest university graduates. Tajik nationalists sought more rights in the late 1980s, and disturbances began in 1990. The Soviet Union collapsed in 1991, leading to Tajikistan's declaration of independence.", 7)
("The nation almost immediately fell into civil war that involved various factions fighting one another; these factions were often distinguished by clan loyalties. More than 500,000 residents fled during this time because of persecution, increased poverty and better economic opportunities in the West or in other former Soviet republics. Emomali Rahmon came to power in 1992, defeating former prime minister Abdumalik Abdullajanov in a November presidential election with 58% of the vote. The elections took place shortly after the end of the war, and Tajikistan was in a state of complete devastation. The estimated dead numbered over 100,000. Around 1.2 million people were refugees inside and outside of the country. In 1997, a ceasefire was reached between Rahmon and opposition parties under the guidance of Gerd D. Merrem, Special Representative to the Secretary General, a result widely praised as a successful United Nations peace keeping initiative. The ceasefire guaranteed 30% of ministerial positions would go to the opposition. Elections were held in 1999, though they were criticized by opposition parties and foreign observers as unfair and Rahmon was re-elected with 98% of the vote. Elections in 2006 were again won by Rahmon (with 79% of the vote) and he began his third term in office. Several opposition parties boycotted the 2006 election and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) criticized it, although observers from the Commonwealth of Independent States claimed the elections were legal and transparent. Rahmon's administration came under further criticism from the OSCE in October 2010 for its censorship and repression of the media. The OSCE claimed that the Tajik Government censored Tajik and foreign websites and instituted tax inspections on independent printing houses that led to the cessation of printing activities for a number of independent newspapers.", " Tajikistan experienced a civil war in the 1990s resulting in over 100,000 deaths and 1.2 million refugees. Emomali Rahmon came to power in 1992, winning a presidential election. A ceasefire was reached in 1997, leading to elections in 1999 and 2006, which were criticized for unfairness. Rahmon began his third term in office in 2006 with opposition parties boycotting the election. The OSCE criticized Rahmon's administration for media censorship and repression in 2010.", 7)
("Russian border troops were stationed along the Tajik–Afghan border until summer 2005. Since the September 11, 2001 attacks, French troops have been stationed at the Dushanbe Airport in support of air operations of NATO's International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan. United States Army and Marine Corps personnel periodically visit Tajikistan to conduct joint training missions of up to several weeks duration. The Government of India rebuilt the Ayni Air Base, a military airport located 15 km southwest of Dushanbe, at a cost of $70 million, completing the repairs in September 2010. It is now the main base of the Tajikistan air force. There have been talks with Russia concerning use of the Ayni facility, and Russia continues to maintain a large base on the outskirts of Dushanbe.", ' Russian border troops were in Tajikistan until 2005. French troops are at Dushanbe Airport for NATO operations in Afghanistan. US soldiers conduct training missions. India rebuilt Ayni Air Base, now main Tajikistan air force base. Russia and Tajikistan discuss Ayni facility use. Russia maintains large base near Dushanbe.', 8)
("In 2010, there were concerns among Tajik officials that Islamic militarism in the east of the country was on the rise following the escape of 25 militants from a Tajik prison in August, an ambush that killed 28 Tajik soldiers in the Rasht Valley in September, and another ambush in the valley in October that killed 30 soldiers, followed by fighting outside Gharm that left 3 militants dead. To date the country's Interior Ministry asserts that the central government maintains full control over the country's east, and the military operation in the Rasht Valley was concluded in November 2010. However, fighting erupted again in July 2012. In 2015 Russia will send more troops to Tajikistan, as confirmed by a report of STRATFOR (magazine online)", ' In 2010, concerns arose over Islamic militarism in Tajikistan due to prison escapes and attacks on soldiers in the Rasht Valley, resulting in the deaths of over 90 people. The military operation in the valley ended in November 2010, but fighting resumed in 2012. Russia will deploy additional troops to Tajikistan in 2015.', 7)
("Tajikistan is officially a republic, and holds elections for the presidency and parliament, operating under a presidential system. It is, however, a dominant-party system, where the People's Democratic Party of Tajikistan routinely has a vast majority in Parliament. Emomalii Rahmon has held the office of President of Tajikistan continually since November 1994. The Prime Minister is Kokhir Rasulzoda, the First Deputy Prime Minister is Matlubkhon Davlatov and the two Deputy Prime Ministers are Murodali Alimardon and Ruqiya Qurbanova.", ' Tajikistan is a presidential republic with elections for the presidency and parliament under a dominant-party system. The Peoples Democratic Party of Tajikistan holds a large majority in Parliament. Emomalii Rahmon has been President since 1994. Kokhir Rasulzoda is the Prime Minister, Matlubkhon Davlatov is the First Deputy Prime Minister, and Murodali Alimardon and Ruqiya Qurbanova are the two Deputy Prime Ministers.', 8)
('Freedom of the press is ostensibly officially guaranteed by the government, but independent press outlets remain restricted, as does a substantial amount of web content. According to the Institute for War & Peace Reporting, access is blocked to local and foreign websites including avesta.tj, Tjknews.com, ferghana.ru, centrasia.ru and journalists are often obstructed from reporting on controversial events. In practice, no public criticism of the regime is tolerated and all direct protest is severely suppressed and does not receive coverage in the local media.', ' The government guarantees freedom of the press, but independent outlets are restricted and access to certain local and foreign websites is blocked. Criticism of the regime is not tolerated, and all direct protests are suppressed and uncovered by local media. Websites like avesta.tj, Tjknews.com, ferghana.ru, and centrasia.ru are inaccessible.', 8)
('Tajikistan is landlocked, and is the smallest nation in Central Asia by area. It lies mostly between latitudes 36° and 41° N (a small area is north of 41°), and longitudes 67° and 75° E (a small area is east of 75°). It is covered by mountains of the Pamir range, and more than fifty percent of the country is over 3,000 meters (9,800 ft) above sea level. The only major areas of lower land are in the north (part of the Fergana Valley), and in the southern Kofarnihon and Vakhsh river valleys, which form the Amu Darya. Dushanbe is located on the southern slopes above the Kofarnihon valley.', ' Tajikistan, the smallest Central Asian country, is mostly located between latitudes 36° and 41° N and longitudes 67° and 75° E. The country is mountainous, with over half of it above 3,000 meters. Major lower lands are found in the northern Fergana Valley and the southern Kofarnihon and Vakhsh river valleys. Dushanbe is situated on the southern slopes above the Kofarnihon valley.', 8)
('Tajikistan means the "Land of the Tajiks". The suffix "-stan" (Persian: ـستان\u200e\u200e -stān) is Persian for "place of" or "country" and Tajik is, most likely, the name of a pre-Islamic (before the seventh century A.D.) tribe. According to the Library of Congress\'s 1997 Country Study of Tajikistan, it is difficult to definitively state the origins of the word "Tajik" because the term is "embroiled in twentieth-century political disputes about whether Turkic or Iranian peoples were the original inhabitants of Central Asia."', ' Tajikistan is named after the Tajik people, the meaning of "Tajik" being uncertain due to historical disputes over the origins of the tribe, with the suffix "-stan" meaning "place of" or "country" in Persian.', 7)
('It was temporarily under the control of the Tibetan empire and Chinese from 650–680 and then under the control of the Umayyads in 710. The Samanid Empire, 819 to 999, restored Persian control of the region and enlarged the cities of Samarkand and Bukhara (both cities are today part of Uzbekistan) which became the cultural centers of Iran and the region was known as Khorasan. The Kara-Khanid Khanate conquered Transoxania (which corresponds approximately with modern-day Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, southern Kyrgyzstan and southwest Kazakhstan) and ruled between 999–1211. Their arrival in Transoxania signaled a definitive shift from Iranian to Turkic predominance in Central Asia, but gradually the Kara-khanids became assimilated into the Perso-Arab Muslim culture of the region.', ' The region, now part of Uzbekistan, was under Tibetan and Chinese control from 650-680, then under the Umayyads in 710. The Samanid Empire (819-999) restored Persian control and developed Samarkand and Bukhara as cultural centers, known as Khorasan. The Kara-Khanid Khanate (999-1211) conquered Transoxania, marking a shift to Turkic predominance, but eventually assimilated into Perso-Arab Muslim culture.', 8)
("Russian Imperialism led to the Russian Empire's conquest of Central Asia during the late 19th century's Imperial Era. Between 1864 and 1885 Russia gradually took control of the entire territory of Russian Turkestan, the Tajikistan portion of which had been controlled by the Emirate of Bukhara and Khanate of Kokand. Russia was interested in gaining access to a supply of cotton and in the 1870s attempted to switch cultivation in the region from grain to cotton (a strategy later copied and expanded by the Soviets).[citation needed] By 1885 Tajikistan's territory was either ruled by the Russian Empire or its vassal state, the Emirate of Bukhara, nevertheless Tajiks felt little Russian influence.[citation needed]", " Russian Imperialism led to Russia's conquest of Central Asia between 1864 and 1885, including Tajikistan, which was previously under the control of the Emirate of Bukhara and Khanate of Kokand. Russia aimed to gain access to cotton and encouraged its cultivation. By 1885, Tajikistan was either ruled by Russia or its vassal state, but Russian influence was minimal.", 7)
('During the late 19th Century the Jadidists established themselves as an Islamic social movement throughout the region. Although the Jadidists were pro-modernization and not necessarily anti-Russian the Russians viewed the movement as a threat.[citation needed] Russian troops were required to restore order during uprisings against the Khanate of Kokand between 1910 and 1913. Further violence occurred in July 1916 when demonstrators attacked Russian soldiers in Khujand over the threat of forced conscription during World War I. Despite Russian troops quickly bringing Khujand back under control, clashes continued throughout the year in various locations in Tajikistan.[citation needed]', ' The Jadidists, a pro-modernization Islamic social movement, emerged as a threat to the Russians during the late 19th Century. Russian troops were deployed to quell uprisings against the Khanate of Kokand between 1910 and 1913. Violence ensued again in July 1916 when demonstrators protested forced conscription during World War I in Khujand, leading to clashes that continued throughout the year in various locations in Tajikistan.', 7)
('After the Russian Revolution of 1917 guerrillas throughout Central Asia, known as basmachi, waged a war against Bolshevik armies in a futile attempt to maintain independence. The Bolsheviks prevailed after a four-year war, in which mosques and villages were burned down and the population heavily suppressed. Soviet authorities started a campaign of secularization, practicing Islam, Judaism, and Christianity was discouraged and repressed, and many mosques, churches, and synagogues were closed. As a consequence of the conflict and Soviet agriculture policies, Central Asia, Tajikistan included, suffered a famine that claimed many lives.', ' After the Russian Revolution in 1917, basmachi guerrillas in Central Asia waged a war against Bolshevik armies for independence. The Bolsheviks prevailed after a four-year war, resulting in mosques, villages, and the population being heavily suppressed. Soviet authorities initiated a campaign of secularization, discouraging and repressing Islam, Judaism, and Christianity. Many mosques, churches, and synagogues were closed, leading to a famine in Central Asia, including Tajikistan, due to the conflict and Soviet agriculture policies, which claimed many lives.', 8)
('In 1924, the Tajik Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was created as a part of Uzbekistan, but in 1929 the Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic (Tajik SSR) was made a separate constituent republic, however the predominantly ethnic Tajik cities of Samarkand and Bukhara remained in the Uzbek SSR. Between 1927 and 1934, collectivization of agriculture and a rapid expansion of cotton production took place, especially in the southern region. Soviet collectivization policy brought violence against peasants and forced resettlement occurred throughout Tajikistan. Consequently, some peasants fought collectivization and revived the Basmachi movement. Some small scale industrial development also occurred during this time along with the expansion of irrigation infrastructure.', ' In 1924, Tajikistan became an autonomous republic within Uzbekistan. In 1929, it became a separate constituent republic, but Samarkand and Bukhara remained in Uzbekistan. Collectivization of agriculture and cotton production expansion occurred from 1927 to 1934, leading to violence against peasants and forced resettlement. Peasants resisted collectivization, reviving the Basmachi movement. Industrial development and irrigation infrastructure expansion also took place during this time.', 8)
("Two rounds of Soviet purges directed by Moscow (1927–1934 and 1937–1938) resulted in the expulsion of nearly 10,000 people, from all levels of the Communist Party of Tajikistan. Ethnic Russians were sent in to replace those expelled and subsequently Russians dominated party positions at all levels, including the top position of first secretary. Between 1926 and 1959 the proportion of Russians among Tajikistan's population grew from less than 1% to 13%. Bobojon Ghafurov, Tajikistan's First Secretary of the Communist Party of Tajikistan from 1946–1956 was the only Tajikistani politician of significance outside of the country during the Soviet Era. He was followed in office by Tursun Uljabayev (1956–61), Jabbor Rasulov (1961–1982), and Rahmon Nabiyev (1982–1985, 1991–1992).", ' The Soviet purges in Tajikistan (1927-1934 and 1937-1938) led to the expulsion of approximately 10,000 people from the Communist Party of Tajikistan, resulting in a significant increase in the Russian population from less than 1% to 13% between 1926 and 1959. Russians took over party positions at all levels, including the top position of first secretary. Notable Tajikistani politicians during the Soviet Era were Bobojon Ghafurov (1946-1956), Tursun Uljabayev (1956-1961), Jabbor Rasulov (1961-1982), and Rahmon Nabiyev (1982-1985, 1991-1992).', 7)
('The parliamentary elections of 2005 aroused many accusations from opposition parties and international observers that President Emomalii Rahmon corruptly manipulates the election process and unemployment. The most recent elections, in February 2010, saw the ruling PDPT lose four seats in Parliament, yet still maintain a comfortable majority. The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe election observers said the 2010 polling "failed to meet many key OSCE commitments" and that "these elections failed on many basic democratic standards." The government insisted that only minor violations had occurred, which would not affect the will of the Tajik people.', ' The 2005 parliamentary elections sparked allegations of election manipulation and corruption from opposition parties and international observers, including high unemployment. In the 2010 elections, the ruling PDPT lost some seats but still held a majority. OSCE observers reported that the 2010 elections did not meet democratic standards and failed to adhere to key commitments. The government acknowledged minor violations but maintained that they did not impact the election results.', 7)
('Tajikistan (i/tɑːˈdʒiːkᵻstɑːn/, /təˈdʒiːkᵻstæn/, or /tæˈdʒiːkiːstæn/; Persian: تاجيكستان\u200e\u200e Тоҷикистон [tɔd͡ʒikɪsˈtɔn]), officially the Republic of Tajikistan (Persian: جمهورى تاجيكستان\u200e\u200e Tajik: Ҷумҳурии Тоҷикистон, Çumhuriji Toçikiston/Jumhuriyi Tojikiston; Russian: Респу́блика Таджикистан, Respublika Tadzhikistan), is a mountainous, landlocked country in Central Asia with an estimated 8 million people in 2013, and an area of 143,100 km2 (55,300 sq mi). It is bordered by Afghanistan to the south, Uzbekistan to the west, Kyrgyzstan to the north, and China to the east. Pakistan lies to the south, separated by the narrow Wakhan Corridor. Traditional homelands of Tajik people included present-day Tajikistan, Afghanistan and Uzbekistan.', ' Tajikistan, officially the Republic of Tajikistan, is a mountainous, landlocked country in Central Asia with approximately 8 million people and an area of 143,100 km2. It is bordered by Afghanistan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, and China, with Pakistan located to the south through the narrow Wakhan Corridor. The traditional homelands of the Tajik people include present-day Tajikistan, Afghanistan, and Uzbekistan.', 8)
("The earliest recorded history of the region dates back to about 500 BCE when much, if not all, of modern Tajikistan was part of the Achaemenid Empire. Some authors have also suggested that in the 7th and 6th century BCE parts of modern Tajikistan, including territories in the Zeravshan valley, formed part of Kambojas before it became part of the Achaemenid Empire. After the region's conquest by Alexander the Great it became part of the Greco-Bactrian Kingdom, a successor state of Alexander's empire. Northern Tajikistan (the cities of Khujand and Panjakent) was part of Sogdia, a collection of city-states which was overrun by Scythians and Yuezhi nomadic tribes around 150 BCE. The Silk Road passed through the region and following the expedition of Chinese explorer Zhang Qian during the reign of Wudi (141–87 BCE) commercial relations between Han China and Sogdiana flourished. Sogdians played a major role in facilitating trade and also worked in other capacities, as farmers, carpetweavers, glassmakers, and woodcarvers.", " The region that is now Tajikistan was part of the Achaemenid Empire around 500 BCE. Kambojas, a previous civilization, may have controlled parts of it in the 7th and 6th century BCE. After Alexander the Great's conquest, it became part of the Greco-Bactrian Kingdom. Northern Tajikistan was part of Sogdia, a collection of city-states, which was overrun by Scythians and Yuezhi around 150 BCE. The Silk Road passed through the region, and commercial relations between Han China and Sogdiana thrived following Chinese explorer Zhang Qian's expedition during the Han Dynasty. Sogdians facilitated trade and worked in various capacities, including farming, carpet weaving, glassmaking, and woodcarving.", 8)
('The Kushan Empire, a collection of Yuezhi tribes, took control of the region in the first century CE and ruled until the 4th century CE during which time Buddhism, Nestorian Christianity, Zoroastrianism, and Manichaeism were all practiced in the region. Later the Hephthalite Empire, a collection of nomadic tribes, moved into the region and Arabs brought Islam in the early eighth century. Central Asia continued in its role as a commercial crossroads, linking China, the steppes to the north, and the Islamic heartland.', ' The Kushan Empire, a group of Yuezhi tribes, governed Central Asia from the first to the fourth century CE, promoting the practice of Buddhism, Nestorian Christianity, Zoroastrianism, and Manichaeism. Later, the Hephthalite Empire of nomadic tribes took over, and Islam was introduced by the Arabs in the early eighth century. Central Asia remained a significant commercial hub, connecting China, the northern steppes, and the Islamic heartland.', 8)
("Tajikistan's economy grew substantially after the war. The GDP of Tajikistan expanded at an average rate of 9.6% over the period of 2000–2007 according to the World Bank data. This improved Tajikistan's position among other Central Asian countries (namely Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan), which seem to have degraded economically ever since. The primary sources of income in Tajikistan are aluminium production, cotton growing and remittances from migrant workers. Cotton accounts for 60% of agricultural output, supporting 75% of the rural population, and using 45% of irrigated arable land. The aluminium industry is represented by the state-owned Tajik Aluminum Company – the biggest aluminium plant in Central Asia and one of the biggest in the world.", " Tajikistan's economy grew rapidly from 2000-2007 with an average GDP growth rate of 9.6%, making it more economically stable than Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan. Major sources of income include aluminium production, cotton farming, and remittances. Cotton is the primary agricultural product, accounting for 60% of output, supporting 75% of rural population, and using 45% of irrigated land. The aluminium industry is dominated by the state-owned Tajik Aluminum Company, the largest in Central Asia and one of the biggest globally.", 8)
("Tajikistan's rivers, such as the Vakhsh and the Panj, have great hydropower potential, and the government has focused on attracting investment for projects for internal use and electricity exports. Tajikistan is home to the Nurek Dam, the highest dam in the world. Lately, Russia's RAO UES energy giant has been working on the Sangtuda-1 hydroelectric power station (670 MW capacity) commenced operations on 18 January 2008. Other projects at the development stage include Sangtuda-2 by Iran, Zerafshan by the Chinese company SinoHydro, and the Rogun power plant that, at a projected height of 335 metres (1,099 ft), would supersede the Nurek Dam as highest in the world if it is brought to completion. A planned project, CASA 1000, will transmit 1000 MW of surplus electricity from Tajikistan to Pakistan with power transit through Afghanistan. The total length of transmission line is 750 km while the project is planned to be on Public-Private Partnership basis with the support of WB, IFC, ADB and IDB. The project cost is estimated to be around US$865 million. Other energy resources include sizable coal deposits and smaller reserves of natural gas and petroleum.", " Tajikistan's rivers, including the Vakhsh and Panj, have significant hydropower potential. The government is attracting investment for internal use and electricity exports. Notable projects include the Nurek Dam, Sangtuda-1 by RAO UES, Sangtuda-2 by Iran, Zerafshan by SinoHydro, and Rogun, which would be the world's highest dam if completed. A project called CASA 1000 will transmit 1000 MW of surplus electricity from Tajikistan to Pakistan via Afghanistan. The project is a Public-Private Partnership and is supported by the World Bank, IFC, ADB, and IDB, with an estimated cost of US$865 million. Tajikistan also has coal deposits, smaller natural gas and petroleum reserves.", 8)
("According to some estimates about 20% of the population lives on less than US$1.25 per day. Migration from Tajikistan and the consequent remittances have been unprecedented in their magnitude and economic impact. In 2010, remittances from Tajik labour migrants totaled an estimated $2.1 billion US dollars, an increase from 2009. Tajikistan has achieved transition from a planned to a market economy without substantial and protracted recourse to aid (of which it by now receives only negligible amounts), and by purely market-based means, simply by exporting its main commodity of comparative advantage — cheap labor. The World Bank Tajikistan Policy Note 2006 concludes that remittances have played an important role as one of the drivers of Tajikistan's robust economic growth during the past several years, have increased incomes, and as a result helped significantly reduce poverty.", " Approximately 20% of the population lives on less than US$1.25 per day. Remittances from Tajik labor migrants reached an estimated $2.1 billion US dollars in 2010, up from 2009. Tajikistan transitioned to a market economy without significant aid and relied on exporting cheap labor as its main commodity of comparative advantage. The World Bank concluded that remittances contributed to Tajikistan's economic growth, increased incomes, and significantly reduced poverty.", 8)
("Drug trafficking is the major illegal source of income in Tajikistan as it is an important transit country for Afghan narcotics bound for Russian and, to a lesser extent, Western European markets; some opium poppy is also raised locally for the domestic market. However, with the increasing assistance from international organizations, such as UNODC, and cooperation with the US, Russian, EU and Afghan authorities a level of progress on the fight against illegal drug-trafficking is being achieved. Tajikistan holds third place in the world for heroin and raw opium confiscations (1216.3 kg of heroin and 267.8 kg of raw opium in the first half of 2006). Drug money corrupts the country's government; according to some experts the well-known personalities that fought on both sides of the civil war and have held the positions in the government after the armistice was signed are now involved in the drug trade. UNODC is working with Tajikistan to strengthen border crossings, provide training, and set up joint interdiction teams. It also helped to establish Tajikistani Drug Control Agency.", ' Tajikistan is a significant transit country for drug trafficking, primarily of Afghan narcotics destined for Russia and Western Europe, with some local opium poppy cultivation. International organizations like UNODC and cooperating authorities from the US, Russia, EU, and Afghanistan are making progress in combating illegal drug trafficking. Tajikistan ranks third globally in heroin and raw opium seizures (1216.3 kg of heroin and 267.8 kg of raw opium in the first half of 2006). Corruption from drug money permeates the government, with some former civil war figures involved. UNODC assists Tajikistan by strengthening border crossings, providing training, and establishing joint interdiction teams, as well as helping to establish the Tajikistani Drug Control Agency.', 8)
("As a landlocked country Tajikistan has no ports and the majority of transportation is via roads, air, and rail. In recent years Tajikistan has pursued agreements with Iran and Pakistan to gain port access in those countries via Afghanistan. In 2009, an agreement was made between Tajikistan, Pakistan, and Afghanistan to improve and build a 1,300 km (810 mi) highway and rail system connecting the three countries to Pakistan's ports. The proposed route would go through the Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province in the eastern part of the country. And in 2012, the presidents of Tajikistan, Afghanistan, and Iran signed an agreement to construct roads and railways as well as oil, gas, and water pipelines to connect the three countries.", ' Tajikistan, a landlocked country, has been pursuing agreements with Iran and Pakistan to gain port access through Afghanistan. In 2009, an agreement was reached to build a 1,300 km (810 mi) highway and rail system connecting Tajikistan, Afghanistan, and Pakistan. The proposed route goes through the eastern part of Tajikistan. In 2012, the presidents of Tajikistan, Afghanistan, and Iran signed an agreement to construct roads, railways, oil, gas, and water pipelines to connect the three countries.', 8)
("In 2009 Tajikistan had 26 airports, 18 of which had paved runways, of which two had runways longer than 3,000 meters. The country's main airport is Dushanbe International Airport which as of April 2015, had regularly scheduled flights to major cities in Russia, Central Asia, as well as Delhi, Dubai, Frankfurt, Istanbul, Kabul, Tehran, and Ürümqi amongst others. There are also international flights, mainly to Russia, from Khujand Airport in the northern part of the country as well as limited international services from Kulob Airport, and Qurghonteppa International Airport. Khorog Airport is a domestic airport and also the only airport in the sparsely populated eastern half of the country.", ' Tajikistan had 26 airports in 2009, 18 with paved runways, two over 3,000 meters long. Main airport is Dushanbe International, with flights to major cities in Russia, Central Asia, Delhi, Dubai, Frankfurt, Istanbul, Kabul, Tehran, and Ürümqi. Khujand Airport offers international flights to Russia, while Kulob and Qurghonteppa Airports have limited international services. Khorog Airport is a domestic airport in the eastern half of the country.', 8)
('Tajikistan has a population of 7,349,145 (July 2009 est.) of which 70% are under the age of 30 and 35% are between the ages of 14 and 30. Tajiks who speak Tajik (a dialect of Persian) are the main ethnic group, although there are sizable minorities of Uzbeks and Russians, whose numbers are declining due to emigration. The Pamiris of Badakhshan, a small population of Yaghnobi people, and a sizeable minority of Ismailis are all considered to belong to the larger group of Tajiks. All citizens of Tajikistan are called Tajikistanis.', " Tajikistan's population is approximately 7.3 million, with 70% under the age of 30 and 35% between 14 and 30. The largest ethnic group are Tajiks, speaking Tajik (a Persian dialect), but there are significant numbers of Uzbeks and Russians, with Russian numbers decreasing due to emigration. The Pamiris of Badakhshan, Yaghnobis, and Ismailis are also considered Tajiks. All citizens are referred to as Tajikistanis.", 8)
('The Pamiri people of Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province in the southeast, bordering Afghanistan and China, though considered part of the Tajik ethnicity, nevertheless are distinct linguistically and culturally from most Tajiks. In contrast to the mostly Sunni Muslim residents of the rest of Tajikistan, the Pamiris overwhelmingly follow the Ismaili sect of Islam, and speak a number of Eastern Iranian languages, including Shughni, Rushani, Khufi and Wakhi. Isolated in the highest parts of the Pamir Mountains, they have preserved many ancient cultural traditions and folk arts that have been largely lost elsewhere in the country.', ' The Pamiri people in Gorno-Badakhshan Province, Tajikistan, are distinct from most Tajiks culturally and linguistically. They predominantly follow the Ismaili sect of Islam and speak Eastern Iranian languages such as Shughni, Rushani, Khufi, and Wakhi. Isolated in the Pamir Mountains, they have preserved ancient traditions and folk arts that have largely disappeared elsewhere in the country.', 8)
('Sunni Islam of the Hanafi school has been officially recognized by the government since 2009. Tajikistan considers itself a secular state with a Constitution providing for freedom of religion. The Government has declared two Islamic holidays, Id Al-Fitr and Idi Qurbon, as state holidays. According to a U.S. State Department release and Pew research group, the population of Tajikistan is 98% Muslim. Approximately 87%–95% of them are Sunni and roughly 3% are Shia and roughly 7% are non-denominational Muslims. The remaining 2% of the population are followers of Russian Orthodoxy, Protestantism, Zoroastrianism and Buddhism. A great majority of Muslims fast during Ramadan, although only about one third in the countryside and 10% in the cities observe daily prayer and dietary restrictions.', ' Since 2009, the Hanafi Sunni Islam of Tajikistan has been recognized by the government. Tajikistan is a secular state with freedom of religion in its Constitution. Id Al-Fitr and Idi Qurbon are declared as state holidays. The population of Tajikistan is predominantly Muslim (98%), with 87%-95% being Sunni, 3% Shia, and 7% non-denominational. The remaining 2% follow Russian Orthodoxy, Protestantism, Zoroastrianism, or Buddhism. Most Muslims fast during Ramadan, but only a great majority in the countryside and a small percentage in the cities practice daily prayer and dietary restrictions.', 7)
('Relationships between religious groups are generally amicable, although there is some concern among mainstream Muslim leaders[who?] that minority religious groups undermine national unity. There is a concern for religious institutions becoming active in the political sphere. The Islamic Renaissance Party (IRP), a major combatant in the 1992–1997 Civil War and then-proponent of the creation of an Islamic state in Tajikistan, constitutes no more than 30% of the government by statute. Membership in Hizb ut-Tahrir, a militant Islamic party which today aims for an overthrow of secular governments and the unification of Tajiks under one Islamic state, is illegal and members are subject to arrest and imprisonment. Numbers of large mosques appropriate for Friday prayers are limited and some[who?] feel this is discriminatory.', ' Amicable relationships between religious groups in Tajikistan, but concerns over unity and political involvement. Islamic Renaissance Party makes up 30% of government, Hizb ut-Tahrir membership is illegal and punishable, and limitations on large mosques raise discrimination concerns.', 7)
('By law, religious communities must register by the State Committee on Religious Affairs (SCRA) and with local authorities. Registration with the SCRA requires a charter, a list of 10 or more members, and evidence of local government approval prayer site location. Religious groups who do not have a physical structure are not allowed to gather publicly for prayer. Failure to register can result in large fines and closure of place of worship. There are reports that registration on the local level is sometimes difficult to obtain. People under the age of 18 are also barred from public religious practice.', ' Religious communities must register with the State Committee on Religious Affairs and local authorities, requiring a charter, list of 10 members, and local government approval for prayer site. Groups without physical structures cannot gather publicly for prayer. Failure to register results in fines and closure. Difficulties obtaining local registration reported. Under-18s prohibited from public religious practice.', 8)
("Despite repeated efforts by the Tajik government to improve and expand health care, the system remains extremely underdeveloped and poor, with severe shortages of medical supplies. The state's Ministry of Labor and Social Welfare reported that 104,272 disabled people are registered in Tajikistan (2000). This group of people suffers most from poverty in Tajikistan. The government of Tajikistan and the World Bank considered activities to support this part of the population described in the World Bank's Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper. Public expenditure on health was at 1% of the GDP in 2004.", ' The Tajik health care system is underdeveloped and lacks medical supplies. There are 104,272 registered disabled people in Tajikistan (2000), who experience high poverty levels. The government and the World Bank have considered supporting this population. In 2004, public health expenditure was only 1% of the GDP.', 8)
('Public education in Tajikistan consists of 11 years of primary and secondary education but the government has plans to implement a 12-year system in 2016. There is a relatively large number of tertiary education institutions including Khujand State University which has 76 departments in 15 faculties, Tajikistan State University of Law, Business, & Politics, Khorugh State University, Agricultural University of Tajikistan, Tajik State National University, and several other institutions. Most, but not all, universities were established during the Soviet Era. As of 2008[update] tertiary education enrollment was 17%, significantly below the sub-regional average of 37%. Many Tajiks left the education system due to low demand in the labor market for people with extensive educational training or professional skills.', " Tajikistan's public education system includes 11 years of primary and secondary education, with plans for a 12-year system in 2016. There are several tertiary education institutions, such as Khujand State University, Tajikistan State University of Law, Business, & Politics, Khorugh State University, and Agricultural University of Tajikistan. Enrollment in tertiary education was 17% in 2008, below the sub-regional average. Many universities were established during the Soviet Era, and some Tajiks left the education system due to limited labor market opportunities.", 7)
('Anthropology is the study of humans and their societies in the past and present. Its main subdivisions are social anthropology and cultural anthropology, which describes the workings of societies around the world, linguistic anthropology, which investigates the influence of language in social life, and biological or physical anthropology, which concerns long-term development of the human organism. Archaeology, which studies past human cultures through investigation of physical evidence, is thought of as a branch of anthropology in the United States, while in Europe, it is viewed as a discipline in its own right, or grouped under other related disciplines such as history.', ' Anthropology is the field of study that examines humans and their societies in the past and present. It includes subdisciplines such as social anthropology, cultural anthropology, linguistic anthropology, and biological or physical anthropology. Social and cultural anthropology explore societal functions and linguistic influences, respectively. Biological anthropology focuses on long-term human development. Archaeology, which investigates past human cultures through physical evidence, is considered a branch of anthropology in the US but is often viewed as a separate discipline or grouped with others in Europe.', 8)
("Similar organizations in other countries followed: The American Anthropological Association in 1902, the Anthropological Society of Madrid (1865), the Anthropological Society of Vienna (1870), the Italian Society of Anthropology and Ethnology (1871), and many others subsequently. The majority of these were evolutionist. One notable exception was the Berlin Society of Anthropology (1869) founded by Rudolph Virchow, known for his vituperative attacks on the evolutionists. Not religious himself, he insisted that Darwin's conclusions lacked empirical foundation.", ' The American Anthropological Association (1902), Anthropological Society of Madrid (1865), Anthropological Society of Vienna (1870), Italian Society of Anthropology and Ethnology (1871), and several other organizations were established in various countries. Most of these societies were evolutionist in their approach. The Berlin Society of Anthropology (1869), founded by Rudolph Virchow, was an exception. Virchow, who was not religious, criticized the evolutionists for lacking empirical foundation in their conclusions.', 8)
('During the last three decades of the 19th century a proliferation of anthropological societies and associations occurred, most independent, most publishing their own journals, and all international in membership and association. The major theorists belonged to these organizations. They supported the gradual osmosis of anthropology curricula into the major institutions of higher learning. By 1898 the American Association for the Advancement of Science was able to report that 48 educational institutions in 13 countries had some curriculum in anthropology. None of the 75 faculty members were under a department named anthropology.', ' In the last three decades of the 19th century, numerous anthropological societies and associations emerged, most of which were independent, published their own journals, and had international memberships. Major theorists were affiliated with these organizations. They advocated for the integration of anthropology into major educational institutions. By 1898, the American Association for the Advancement of Science reported that 48 educational institutions in 13 countries offered anthropology curricula. However, none of the 75 faculty members taught under a department specifically named "anthropology."', 8)
("Since the work of Franz Boas and Bronisław Malinowski in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, social anthropology in Great Britain and cultural anthropology in the US have been distinguished from other social sciences by its emphasis on cross-cultural comparisons, long-term in-depth examination of context, and the importance it places on participant-observation or experiential immersion in the area of research. Cultural anthropology in particular has emphasized cultural relativism, holism, and the use of findings to frame cultural critiques. This has been particularly prominent in the United States, from Boas' arguments against 19th-century racial ideology, through Margaret Mead's advocacy for gender equality and sexual liberation, to current criticisms of post-colonial oppression and promotion of multiculturalism. Ethnography is one of its primary research designs as well as the text that is generated from anthropological fieldwork.", ' Since the late 19th and early 20th centuries, social anthropology in Great Britain and cultural anthropology in the US have focused on cross-cultural comparisons, in-depth contextual examinations, and participant-observation. Cultural anthropology emphasizes cultural relativism, holism, and critiques of cultural issues. Notable figures include Franz Boas, Bronisław Malinowski, Margaret Mead, and current post-colonial critics. Ethnography is a primary research design and output of anthropological fieldwork.', 8)
('Anthropology is a global discipline where humanities, social, and natural sciences are forced to confront one another. Anthropology builds upon knowledge from natural sciences, including the discoveries about the origin and evolution of Homo sapiens, human physical traits, human behavior, the variations among different groups of humans, how the evolutionary past of Homo sapiens has influenced its social organization and culture, and from social sciences, including the organization of human social and cultural relations, institutions, social conflicts, etc. Early anthropology originated in Classical Greece and Persia and studied and tried to understand observable cultural diversity. As such, anthropology has been central in the development of several new (late 20th century) interdisciplinary fields such as cognitive science, global studies, and various ethnic studies.', ' Anthropology is a discipline that combines humanities, social, and natural sciences. It draws from discoveries about human origin and evolution, physical traits, behavior, cultural variations, and social organization. Originating in Classical Greece and Persia, anthropology explores cultural diversity and has contributed to the development of cognitive science, global studies, and ethnic studies.', 8)
('Sociocultural anthropology has been heavily influenced by structuralist and postmodern theories, as well as a shift toward the analysis of modern societies. During the 1970s and 1990s, there was an epistemological shift away from the positivist traditions that had largely informed the discipline.[page needed] During this shift, enduring questions about the nature and production of knowledge came to occupy a central place in cultural and social anthropology. In contrast, archaeology and biological anthropology remained largely positivist. Due to this difference in epistemology, the four sub-fields of anthropology have lacked cohesion over the last several decades.', ' Anthropology underwent an epistemological shift in the 1970s and 1990s, moving away from positivist traditions and focusing on the production of knowledge. This change affected cultural and social anthropology, while archaeology and biological anthropology remained positivist. The sub-fields of anthropology have lacked cohesion due to these differing epistemologies.', 7)
("Sociocultural anthropology draws together the principle axes of cultural anthropology and social anthropology. Cultural anthropology is the comparative study of the manifold ways in which people make sense of the world around them, while social anthropology is the study of the relationships among persons and groups. Cultural anthropology is more related to philosophy, literature and the arts (how one's culture affects experience for self and group, contributing to more complete understanding of the people's knowledge, customs, and institutions), while social anthropology is more related to sociology and history. in that it helps develop understanding of social structures, typically of others and other populations (such as minorities, subgroups, dissidents, etc.). There is no hard-and-fast distinction between them, and these categories overlap to a considerable degree.", ' Sociocultural anthropology is a combination of cultural and social anthropology. Cultural anthropology focuses on how people interpret their world, while social anthropology examines relationships among individuals and groups. Cultural anthropology relates to philosophy, literature, arts, and contributes to understanding various cultures. Social anthropology is related to sociology and history, helping to explain social structures, particularly of marginalized groups. There is no clear distinction between the two, and they significantly overlap.', 8)
('Inquiry in sociocultural anthropology is guided in part by cultural relativism, the attempt to understand other societies in terms of their own cultural symbols and values. Accepting other cultures in their own terms moderates reductionism in cross-cultural comparison. This project is often accommodated in the field of ethnography. Ethnography can refer to both a methodology and the product of ethnographic research, i.e. an ethnographic monograph. As methodology, ethnography is based upon long-term fieldwork within a community or other research site. Participant observation is one of the foundational methods of social and cultural anthropology. Ethnology involves the systematic comparison of different cultures. The process of participant-observation can be especially helpful to understanding a culture from an emic (conceptual, vs. etic, or technical) point of view.', ' Sociocultural anthropology uses cultural relativism to understand other societies through their own symbols and values. Ethnography, as both methodology and product, involves long-term fieldwork using participant observation. Ethnography helps gain an emic perspective, and ethnology compares different cultures systematically.', 8)
('The study of kinship and social organization is a central focus of sociocultural anthropology, as kinship is a human universal. Sociocultural anthropology also covers economic and political organization, law and conflict resolution, patterns of consumption and exchange, material culture, technology, infrastructure, gender relations, ethnicity, childrearing and socialization, religion, myth, symbols, values, etiquette, worldview, sports, music, nutrition, recreation, games, food, festivals, and language (which is also the object of study in linguistic anthropology).', ' Sociocultural anthropology explores kinship, economic and political organization, law, consumption patterns, material culture, technology, gender relations, ethnicity, childrearing, religion, symbols, values, etiquette, worldview, sports, music, nutrition, recreation, games, food, festivals, language, and is further studied in linguistic anthropology. All of these topics are human universals.', 7)
('Archaeology is the study of the human past through its material remains. Artifacts, faunal remains, and human altered landscapes are evidence of the cultural and material lives of past societies. Archaeologists examine these material remains in order to deduce patterns of past human behavior and cultural practices. Ethnoarchaeology is a type of archaeology that studies the practices and material remains of living human groups in order to gain a better understanding of the evidence left behind by past human groups, who are presumed to have lived in similar ways.', ' Archaeology is the study of the human past using material remains such as artifacts, faunal remains, and altered landscapes. Archaeologists analyze these finds to discern patterns of past behavior and cultural practices. Ethnoarchaeology involves studying living human groups and their material remains to enhance understanding of the past.', 8)
('Linguistic anthropology (also called anthropological linguistics) seeks to understand the processes of human communications, verbal and non-verbal, variation in language across time and space, the social uses of language, and the relationship between language and culture. It is the branch of anthropology that brings linguistic methods to bear on anthropological problems, linking the analysis of linguistic forms and processes to the interpretation of sociocultural processes. Linguistic anthropologists often draw on related fields including sociolinguistics, pragmatics, cognitive linguistics, semiotics, discourse analysis, and narrative analysis.', ' Linguistic anthropology is a branch of anthropology focusing on human communication, language variation, social uses, and culture connection. It applies linguistic methods to anthropological issues, combining analysis of linguistic forms and processes with sociocultural interpretation. Related fields include sociolinguistics, pragmatics, cognitive linguistics, semiotics, discourse analysis, and narrative analysis.', 8)
("One of the central problems in the anthropology of art concerns the universality of 'art' as a cultural phenomenon. Several anthropologists have noted that the Western categories of 'painting', 'sculpture', or 'literature', conceived as independent artistic activities, do not exist, or exist in a significantly different form, in most non-Western contexts. To surmount this difficulty, anthropologists of art have focused on formal features in objects which, without exclusively being 'artistic', have certain evident 'aesthetic' qualities. Boas' Primitive Art, Claude Lévi-Strauss' The Way of the Masks (1982) or Geertz's 'Art as Cultural System' (1983) are some examples in this trend to transform the anthropology of 'art' into an anthropology of culturally specific 'aesthetics'.", " The anthropology of art faces the issue of art's universality in non-Western contexts, as Western artistic categories like painting, sculpture, and literature don't apply universally. Anthropologists focus on formal features with aesthetic qualities in objects, rather than solely artistic ones, to understand culturally specific aesthetics. Examples include Boas' Primitive Art, Lévi-Strauss' The Way of the Masks, and Geertz's Art as Cultural System.", 8)
('Sporadic use of the term for some of the subject matter occurred subsequently, such as the use by Étienne Serres in 1838 to describe the natural history, or paleontology, of man, based on comparative anatomy, and the creation of a chair in anthropology and ethnography in 1850 at the National Museum of Natural History (France) by Jean Louis Armand de Quatrefages de Bréau. Various short-lived organizations of anthropologists had already been formed. The Société Ethnologique de Paris, the first to use Ethnology, was formed in 1839. Its members were primarily anti-slavery activists. When slavery was abolished in France in 1848 the Société was abandoned.', ' The term anthropology was sporadically used starting in 1838 by Étienne Serres to describe the natural history of man based on comparative anatomy. In 1850, a chair in anthropology and ethnography was created at the National Museum of Natural History in France by Jean Louis Armand de Quatrefages de Bréau. Several anthropological organizations were formed prior to this, including the Société Ethnologique de Paris in 1839, which was primarily composed of anti-slavery activists. When slavery was abolished in France in 1848, the Société was abandoned.', 7)
("Anthropology and many other current fields are the intellectual results of the comparative methods developed in the earlier 19th century. Theorists in such diverse fields as anatomy, linguistics, and Ethnology, making feature-by-feature comparisons of their subject matters, were beginning to suspect that similarities between animals, languages, and folkways were the result of processes or laws unknown to them then. For them, the publication of Charles Darwin's On the Origin of Species was the epiphany of everything they had begun to suspect. Darwin himself arrived at his conclusions through comparison of species he had seen in agronomy and in the wild.", ' In the 19th century, anthropology and various other fields, including anatomy, linguistics, and ethnology, utilized comparative methods to identify similarities between animals, languages, and cultures. These scholars suspected these similarities were due to unknown processes or laws. The publication of Charles Darwin\'s "On the Origin of Species" served as a revelation, confirming their suspicions and providing an explanation through the theory of evolution. Darwin reached his conclusions through comparisons of species in agriculture and the wild.', 8)
('Darwin and Wallace unveiled evolution in the late 1850s. There was an immediate rush to bring it into the social sciences. Paul Broca in Paris was in the process of breaking away from the Société de biologie to form the first of the explicitly anthropological societies, the Société d\'Anthropologie de Paris, meeting for the first time in Paris in 1859.[n 4] When he read Darwin he became an immediate convert to Transformisme, as the French called evolutionism. His definition now became "the study of the human group, considered as a whole, in its details, and in relation to the rest of nature".', ' In the late 1850s, Darwin and Wallace introduced the theory of evolution. Paul Broca in Paris was founding the Société d\'Anthropologie de Paris, the first anthropological society, which held its first meeting in 1859. Broca became an advocate for evolutionism after reading Darwin\'s work. His new definition of anthropology was "the study of the human group as a whole, in detail, and in relation to nature."', 8)
('Broca, being what today would be called a neurosurgeon, had taken an interest in the pathology of speech. He wanted to localize the difference between man and the other animals, which appeared to reside in speech. He discovered the speech center of the human brain, today called Broca\'s area after him. His interest was mainly in Biological anthropology, but a German philosopher specializing in psychology, Theodor Waitz, took up the theme of general and social anthropology in his six-volume work, entitled Die Anthropologie der Naturvölker, 1859–1864. The title was soon translated as "The Anthropology of Primitive Peoples". The last two volumes were published posthumously.', ' Broca, a neurosurgeon with an interest in speech pathology, identified the human brain\'s speech center, now known as Broca\'s area. His focus was on biological anthropology. Theodor Waitz, a German philosopher, expanded the anthropology field to general and social aspects in his six-volume work, "Anthropology of Primitive Peoples," published between 1859 and 1864. The last two volumes were published posthumously.', 7)
('Waitz defined anthropology as "the science of the nature of man". By nature he meant matter animated by "the Divine breath"; i.e., he was an animist. Following Broca\'s lead, Waitz points out that anthropology is a new field, which would gather material from other fields, but would differ from them in the use of comparative anatomy, physiology, and psychology to differentiate man from "the animals nearest to him". He stresses that the data of comparison must be empirical, gathered by experimentation. The history of civilization as well as ethnology are to be brought into the comparison. It is to be presumed fundamentally that the species, man, is a unity, and that "the same laws of thought are applicable to all men".', ' Waitz defined anthropology as the science of the nature of man, believing in the animist view of man as matter animated by the Divine breath. He saw anthropology as a new field that would gather data from various sources but differentiate man from animals through comparative anatomy, physiology, and psychology. Empirical data was to be gathered through experimentation, and the history of civilization and ethnology were to be included in the comparison. The fundamental assumption was that man is a unified species, and the same laws of thought apply to all.', 8)
('Waitz was influential among the British ethnologists. In 1863 the explorer Richard Francis Burton and the speech therapist James Hunt broke away from the Ethnological Society of London to form the Anthropological Society of London, which henceforward would follow the path of the new anthropology rather than just ethnology. It was the 2nd society dedicated to general anthropology in existence. Representatives from the French Société were present, though not Broca. In his keynote address, printed in the first volume of its new publication, The Anthropological Review, Hunt stressed the work of Waitz, adopting his definitions as a standard.[n 5] Among the first associates were the young Edward Burnett Tylor, inventor of cultural anthropology, and his brother Alfred Tylor, a geologist. Previously Edward had referred to himself as an ethnologist; subsequently, an anthropologist.', " In 1863, Richard Francis Burton and James Hunt founded the Anthropological Society of London, the second society dedicated to anthropology. The Ethnological Society of London members, including Edward and Alfred Tylor, followed. Hunt acknowledged Waitz's influence in his keynote address, adopting his definitions. French Société representatives attended, but Broca was absent. Edward Tylor, previously an ethnologist, later identified as an anthropologist.", 8)
('This meagre statistic expanded in the 20th century to comprise anthropology departments in the majority of the world\'s higher educational institutions, many thousands in number. Anthropology has diversified from a few major subdivisions to dozens more. Practical anthropology, the use of anthropological knowledge and technique to solve specific problems, has arrived; for example, the presence of buried victims might stimulate the use of a forensic archaeologist to recreate the final scene. Organization has reached global level. For example, the World Council of Anthropological Associations (WCAA), "a network of national, regional and international associations that aims to promote worldwide communication and cooperation in anthropology", currently contains members from about three dozen nations.', ' In the 20th century, anthropology expanded significantly with numerous departments in higher educational institutions worldwide. The field diversified from a few subdivisions to many more. Practical anthropology has emerged, using anthropological knowledge to solve specific problems. An example is the use of a forensic archaeologist to recreate a crime scene. Organization has reached a global level, with the World Council of Anthropological Associations, a communication and cooperation network for national, regional, and international associations, currently representing about three dozen nations.', 8)
('Media anthropology (also known as anthropology of media or mass media) emphasizes ethnographic studies as a means of understanding producers, audiences, and other cultural and social aspects of mass media. The types of ethnographic contexts explored range from contexts of media production (e.g., ethnographies of newsrooms in newspapers, journalists in the field, film production) to contexts of media reception, following audiences in their everyday responses to media. Other types include cyber anthropology, a relatively new area of internet research, as well as ethnographies of other areas of research which happen to involve media, such as development work, social movements, or health education. This is in addition to many classic ethnographic contexts, where media such as radio, the press, new media and television have started to make their presences felt since the early 1990s.', " Media anthropology explores producers and audiences of mass media through ethnographic studies. Contexts include media production (newsrooms, journalists, film production) and reception (audiences' responses). Cyber anthropology is a new area of internet research, and media is also studied in other contexts like development work, social movements, health education, and classic ethnographic settings since the 1990s. Media such as radio, press, new media, and television are now present in many ethnographic contexts.", 8)
('Visual anthropology is concerned, in part, with the study and production of ethnographic photography, film and, since the mid-1990s, new media. While the term is sometimes used interchangeably with ethnographic film, visual anthropology also encompasses the anthropological study of visual representation, including areas such as performance, museums, art, and the production and reception of mass media. Visual representations from all cultures, such as sandpaintings, tattoos, sculptures and reliefs, cave paintings, scrimshaw, jewelry, hieroglyphics, paintings and photographs are included in the focus of visual anthropology.', ' Visual anthropology explores ethnographic photography, film, and new media, as well as the anthropological study of visual representation, including performance, museums, art, and mass media. Various visual representations from different cultures, such as sandpaintings, tattoos, sculptures, cave paintings, scrimshaw, jewelry, hieroglyphics, paintings, and photographs, are studied in visual anthropology.', 8)
('Economic anthropology attempts to explain human economic behavior in its widest historic, geographic and cultural scope. It has a complex relationship with the discipline of economics, of which it is highly critical. Its origins as a sub-field of anthropology begin with the Polish-British founder of Anthropology, Bronislaw Malinowski, and his French compatriot, Marcel Mauss, on the nature of gift-giving exchange (or reciprocity) as an alternative to market exchange. Economic Anthropology remains, for the most part, focused upon exchange. The school of thought derived from Marx and known as Political Economy focuses on production, in contrast. Economic Anthropologists have abandoned the primitivist niche they were relegated to by economists, and have now turned to examine corporations, banks, and the global financial system from an anthropological perspective.', " Economic anthropology explores human economic behavior in a broad historical, geographic, and cultural context. It originated with Bronislaw Malinowski and Marcel Mauss's study of gift-giving exchange. The field primarily focuses on exchange, while Political Economy, influenced by Marx, concentrates on production. Economic anthropologists have moved beyond their previous limited role and now examine corporations, banks, and the global financial system from an anthropological perspective.", 8)
('Political economy in anthropology is the application of the theories and methods of Historical Materialism to the traditional concerns of anthropology, including, but not limited to, non-capitalist societies. Political Economy introduced questions of history and colonialism to ahistorical anthropological theories of social structure and culture. Three main areas of interest rapidly developed. The first of these areas was concerned with the "pre-capitalist" societies that were subject to evolutionary "tribal" stereotypes. Sahlins work on Hunter-gatherers as the \'original affluent society\' did much to dissipate that image. The second area was concerned with the vast majority of the world\'s population at the time, the peasantry, many of whom were involved in complex revolutionary wars such as in Vietnam. The third area was on colonialism, imperialism, and the creation of the capitalist world-system. More recently, these Political Economists have more directly addressed issues of industrial (and post-industrial) capitalism around the world.', ' The application of Historical Materialism theories to anthropology led to the development of Political Economy, focusing on non-capitalist societies, challenging ahistorical views, and introducing history and colonialism. Areas of interest include pre-capitalist societies, peasantry, and colonialism/imperialism. Recent work addresses industrial and post-industrial capitalism globally.', 8)
('Applied Anthropology refers to the application of the method and theory of anthropology to the analysis and solution of practical problems. It is a, "complex of related, research-based, instrumental methods which produce change or stability in specific cultural systems through the provision of data, initiation of direct action, and/or the formulation of policy". More simply, applied anthropology is the practical side of anthropological research; it includes researcher involvement and activism within the participating community. It is closely related to Development anthropology (distinct from the more critical Anthropology of development).', ' Applied Anthropology is the application of anthropological methods and theories to solve practical problems. It involves research, direct action, and policy formulation to bring about change or stability in specific cultural systems. It is related to Development Anthropology, which focuses on practical solutions rather than criticism.', 8)
('Anthropology of development tends to view development from a critical perspective. The kind of issues addressed and implications for the approach simply involve pondering why, if a key development goal is to alleviate poverty, is poverty increasing? Why is there such a gap between plans and outcomes? Why are those working in development so willing to disregard history and the lessons it might offer? Why is development so externally driven rather than having an internal basis? In short why does so much planned development fail?', ' The anthropology of development questions why poverty increases despite efforts to alleviate it, the gap between plans and outcomes, disregard for history in development, and the external nature of development, leading to its frequent failure.', 8)
('Kinship can refer both to the study of the patterns of social relationships in one or more human cultures, or it can refer to the patterns of social relationships themselves. Over its history, anthropology has developed a number of related concepts and terms, such as "descent", "descent groups", "lineages", "affines", "cognates", and even "fictive kinship". Broadly, kinship patterns may be considered to include people related both by descent (one\'s social relations during development), and also relatives by marriage.', ' The term "kinship" refers to the study of social relationships in human cultures or the relationships themselves. Anthropology has introduced concepts like "descent," "descent groups," "lineages," "affines," "cognates," and "fictive kinship." Kinship patterns encompass both descent-based and marriage-based relationships.', 8)
("Feminist anthropology is a four field approach to anthropology (archeological, biological, cultural, linguistic) that seeks to reduce male bias in research findings, anthropological hiring practices, and the scholarly production of knowledge. Anthropology engages often with feminists from non-Western traditions, whose perspectives and experiences can differ from those of white European and American feminists. Historically, such 'peripheral' perspectives have sometimes been marginalized and regarded as less valid or important than knowledge from the western world. Feminist anthropologists have claimed that their research helps to correct this systematic bias in mainstream feminist theory. Feminist anthropologists are centrally concerned with the construction of gender across societies. Feminist anthropology is inclusive of birth anthropology as a specialization.", ' Feminist anthropology is a branch of anthropology focusing on reducing bias in research and hiring, engaging with non-Western feminist perspectives, correcting systematic bias in mainstream feminist theory, and studying gender construction across societies. Includes birth anthropology as a specialization.', 8)
('Nutritional anthropology is a synthetic concept that deals with the interplay between economic systems, nutritional status and food security, and how changes in the former affect the latter. If economic and environmental changes in a community affect access to food, food security, and dietary health, then this interplay between culture and biology is in turn connected to broader historical and economic trends associated with globalization. Nutritional status affects overall health status, work performance potential, and the overall potential for economic development (either in terms of human development or traditional western models) for any given group of people.', ' Nutritional anthropology examines the relationship between economic systems, food security, and nutritional status, and how economic changes impact dietary health. This connection is linked to broader historical and economic trends related to globalization. Nutritional status influences overall health, work performance, and economic development.', 8)
("Psychological anthropology is an interdisciplinary subfield of anthropology that studies the interaction of cultural and mental processes. This subfield tends to focus on ways in which humans' development and enculturation within a particular cultural group—with its own history, language, practices, and conceptual categories—shape processes of human cognition, emotion, perception, motivation, and mental health. It also examines how the understanding of cognition, emotion, motivation, and similar psychological processes inform or constrain our models of cultural and social processes.", ' Psychological anthropology is an interdisciplinary field of anthropology that explores the relationship between cultural processes and human cognitive, emotional, perceptual, motivational, and mental health development. It investigates how cultural factors shape psychological processes and influences our understanding of cultural and social processes.', 8)
('Cognitive anthropology seeks to explain patterns of shared knowledge, cultural innovation, and transmission over time and space using the methods and theories of the cognitive sciences (especially experimental psychology and evolutionary biology) often through close collaboration with historians, ethnographers, archaeologists, linguists, musicologists and other specialists engaged in the description and interpretation of cultural forms. Cognitive anthropology is concerned with what people from different groups know and how that implicit knowledge changes the way people perceive and relate to the world around them.', " Cognitive anthropology uses methods from cognitive sciences to explain the transmission and innovation of shared knowledge across time and space. It collaborates with various specialists and focuses on understanding different groups' implicit knowledge, affecting their perception and interaction with the world.", 8)
('Political anthropology concerns the structure of political systems, looked at from the basis of the structure of societies. Political anthropology developed as a discipline concerned primarily with politics in stateless societies, a new development started from the 1960s, and is still unfolding: anthropologists started increasingly to study more "complex" social settings in which the presence of states, bureaucracies and markets entered both ethnographic accounts and analysis of local phenomena. The turn towards complex societies meant that political themes were taken up at two main levels. First of all, anthropologists continued to study political organization and political phenomena that lay outside the state-regulated sphere (as in patron-client relations or tribal political organization). Second of all, anthropologists slowly started to develop a disciplinary concern with states and their institutions (and of course on the relationship between formal and informal political institutions). An anthropology of the state developed, and it is a most thriving field today. Geertz\' comparative work on "Negara", the Balinese state is an early, famous example.', " Political anthropology focuses on the structure of political systems within the context of societal structures. It initially studied politics in stateless societies but expanded to complex societies with states, bureaucracies, and markets in the 1960s. This shift led to the examination of political organization outside the state-regulated sphere and the development of a disciplinary concern with states and their institutions. An anthropology of the state emerged, with Geertz's comparative work on the Balinese state being an early and notable example.", 8)
("Cyborg anthropology originated as a sub-focus group within the American Anthropological Association's annual meeting in 1993. The sub-group was very closely related to STS and the Society for the Social Studies of Science. Donna Haraway's 1985 Cyborg Manifesto could be considered the founding document of cyborg anthropology by first exploring the philosophical and sociological ramifications of the term. Cyborg anthropology studies humankind and its relations with the technological systems it has built, specifically modern technological systems that have reflexively shaped notions of what it means to be human beings.", ' Cyborg anthropology emerged at the American Anthropological Association\'s annual meeting in 1993 as a sub-group related to STS and the Society for the Social Studies of Science. Donna Haraway\'s 1985 "Cyborg Manifesto" is considered its founding document, exploring philosophical and sociological implications of the term. Cyborg anthropology examines human relationships with modern technological systems that have influenced human identity.', 8)
('Environmental anthropology is a sub-specialty within the field of anthropology that takes an active role in examining the relationships between humans and their environment across space and time. The contemporary perspective of environmental anthropology, and arguably at least the backdrop, if not the focus of most of the ethnographies and cultural fieldworks of today, is political ecology. Many characterize this new perspective as more informed with culture, politics and power, globalization, localized issues, and more. The focus and data interpretation is often used for arguments for/against or creation of policy, and to prevent corporate exploitation and damage of land. Often, the observer has become an active part of the struggle either directly (organizing, participation) or indirectly (articles, documentaries, books, ethnographies). Such is the case with environmental justice advocate Melissa Checker and her relationship with the people of Hyde Park.', " Environmental anthropology is a sub-discipline of anthropology focusing on human-environment relationships. Contemporary environmental anthropology is influenced by political ecology, emphasizing culture, politics, power, globalization, and local issues. Data interpretation is used for policy-making, prevention of corporate exploitation, and activism. Environmental justice advocate Melissa Checker's work in Hyde Park is an example of an active role in the struggle.", 8)
('Ethnohistory is the study of ethnographic cultures and indigenous customs by examining historical records. It is also the study of the history of various ethnic groups that may or may not exist today. Ethnohistory uses both historical and ethnographic data as its foundation. Its historical methods and materials go beyond the standard use of documents and manuscripts. Practitioners recognize the utility of such source material as maps, music, paintings, photography, folklore, oral tradition, site exploration, archaeological materials, museum collections, enduring customs, language, and place names.', ' Ethnohistory is the study of historical records and indigenous customs of ethnic groups, using both historical and ethnographic data. It employs various sources such as maps, music, paintings, photography, folklore, oral tradition, site exploration, archaeological materials, museum collections, enduring customs, language, and place names.', 8)
('Urban anthropology is concerned with issues of urbanization, poverty, and neoliberalism. Ulf Hannerz quotes a 1960s remark that traditional anthropologists were "a notoriously agoraphobic lot, anti-urban by definition". Various social processes in the Western World as well as in the "Third World" (the latter being the habitual focus of attention of anthropologists) brought the attention of "specialists in \'other cultures\'" closer to their homes. There are two principle approaches in urban anthropology: by examining the types of cities or examining the social issues within the cities. These two methods are overlapping and dependent of each other. By defining different types of cities, one would use social factors as well as economic and political factors to categorize the cities. By directly looking at the different social issues, one would also be studying how they affect the dynamic of the city.', ' Urban anthropology explores urbanization, poverty, and neoliberalism. Traditional anthropologists were once considered anti-urban. Social processes led anthropologists to focus on their own urban environments. Urban anthropology has two approaches: examining city types and social issues. City types are categorized using social, economic, and political factors. Social issues affect city dynamics.', 8)
('Anthrozoology (also known as "human–animal studies") is the study of interaction between living things. It is a burgeoning interdisciplinary field that overlaps with a number of other disciplines, including anthropology, ethology, medicine, psychology, veterinary medicine and zoology. A major focus of anthrozoologic research is the quantifying of the positive effects of human-animal relationships on either party and the study of their interactions. It includes scholars from a diverse range of fields, including anthropology, sociology, biology, and philosophy.[n 7]', ' Anthrozoology, or human-animal studies, is an interdisciplinary field focusing on human-animal interactions. It overlaps with anthropology, ethology, medicine, psychology, veterinary medicine, and zoology. Research in this area quantifies positive effects of human-animal relationships and studies their interactions. Scholars come from various fields such as anthropology, sociology, biology, and philosophy.', 8)
('Evolutionary anthropology is the interdisciplinary study of the evolution of human physiology and human behaviour and the relation between hominins and non-hominin primates. Evolutionary anthropology is based in natural science and social science, combining the human development with socioeconomic factors. Evolutionary anthropology is concerned with both biological and cultural evolution of humans, past and present. It is based on a scientific approach, and brings together fields such as archaeology, behavioral ecology, psychology, primatology, and genetics. It is a dynamic and interdisciplinary field, drawing on many lines of evidence to understand the human experience, past and present.', ' Evolutionary anthropology is an interdisciplinary field that studies the evolution of human physiology and behavior, the relationship between hominins and non-hominin primates, and the intersection of biological and cultural evolution. It is grounded in natural and social sciences, incorporating archaeology, behavioral ecology, psychology, primatology, and genetics. Evolutionary anthropology is a dynamic and interdisciplinary field that uses various lines of evidence to understand the human experience, both past and present.', 8)
('Ethical commitments in anthropology include noticing and documenting genocide, infanticide, racism, mutilation (including circumcision and subincision), and torture. Topics like racism, slavery, and human sacrifice attract anthropological attention and theories ranging from nutritional deficiencies to genes to acculturation have been proposed, not to mention theories of colonialism and many others as root causes of Man\'s inhumanity to man. To illustrate the depth of an anthropological approach, one can take just one of these topics, such as "racism" and find thousands of anthropological references, stretching across all the major and minor sub-fields.', ' Anthropology involves studying and documenting ethical issues such as genocide, infanticide, racism, mutilation, and torture. Topics like racism, slavery, and human sacrifice have received extensive anthropological attention, with various theories proposed including nutritional deficiencies, genes, acculturation, colonialism, and more. The depth of anthropological approaches is illustrated by the vast number of references to the topic of racism alone, spanning all sub-fields.', 8)
('But by the 1940s, many of Boas\' anthropologist contemporaries were active in the allied war effort against the "Axis" (Nazi Germany, Fascist Italy, and Imperial Japan). Many served in the armed forces, while others worked in intelligence (for example, Office of Strategic Services and the Office of War Information). At the same time, David H. Price\'s work on American anthropology during the Cold War provides detailed accounts of the pursuit and dismissal of several anthropologists from their jobs for communist sympathies.', " In the 1940s, some anthropologists worked in the armed forces or intelligence agencies during the Allied war effort against the Axis powers. Simultaneously, during the Cold War, several anthropologists were dismissed from their jobs due to suspected communist sympathies, as detailed in David H. Price's work.", 7)
('Professional anthropological bodies often object to the use of anthropology for the benefit of the state. Their codes of ethics or statements may proscribe anthropologists from giving secret briefings. The Association of Social Anthropologists of the UK and Commonwealth (ASA) has called certain scholarship ethically dangerous. The AAA\'s current \'Statement of Professional Responsibility\' clearly states that "in relation with their own government and with host governments ... no secret research, no secret reports or debriefings of any kind should be agreed to or given."', " Professional anthropological organizations disapprove of using anthropology for state gain and forbid secret research, reports, or briefings. The Association of Social Anthropologists of the UK and Commonwealth considers some scholarship ethically risky. The American Anthropological Association's Statement of Professional Responsibility prohibits secret research and reporting to governments.", 8)
('Anthropologists, along with other social scientists, are working with the US military as part of the US Army\'s strategy in Afghanistan. The Christian Science Monitor reports that "Counterinsurgency efforts focus on better grasping and meeting local needs" in Afghanistan, under the Human Terrain System (HTS) program; in addition, HTS teams are working with the US military in Iraq. In 2009, the American Anthropological Association\'s Commission on the Engagement of Anthropology with the US Security and Intelligence Communities released its final report concluding, in part, that, "When ethnographic investigation is determined by military missions, not subject to external review, where data collection occurs in the context of war, integrated into the goals of counterinsurgency, and in a potentially coercive environment – all characteristic factors of the HTS concept and its application – it can no longer be considered a legitimate professional exercise of anthropology. In summary, while we stress that constructive engagement between anthropology and the military is possible, CEAUSSIC suggests that the AAA emphasize the incompatibility of HTS with disciplinary ethics and practice for job seekers and that it further recognize the problem of allowing HTS to define the meaning of "anthropology" within DoD."', ' Anthropologists are working with the US military under the Human Terrain System (HTS) program in Afghanistan and Iraq to better understand local needs for counterinsurgency efforts. However, the American Anthropological Association\'s Commission on the Engagement of Anthropology with the US Security and Intelligence Communities concluded in 2009 that HTS, with its military context and lack of external review, is incompatible with anthropology\'s disciplinary ethics and practice. The AAA should emphasize this incompatibility to job seekers and recognize HTS\'s potential redefinition of "anthropology" within the Department of Defense.', 7)
('Biological anthropologists are interested in both human variation and in the possibility of human universals (behaviors, ideas or concepts shared by virtually all human cultures). They use many different methods of study, but modern population genetics, participant observation and other techniques often take anthropologists "into the field," which means traveling to a community in its own setting, to do something called "fieldwork." On the biological or physical side, human measurements, genetic samples, nutritional data may be gathered and published as articles or monographs.', ' Biological anthropologists explore human variation and universals through various methods, including fieldwork in communities for physical and genetic data collection.', 8)
('Along with dividing up their project by theoretical emphasis, anthropologists typically divide the world up into relevant time periods and geographic regions. Human time on Earth is divided up into relevant cultural traditions based on material, such as the Paleolithic and the Neolithic, of particular use in archaeology.[citation needed] Further cultural subdivisions according to tool types, such as Olduwan or Mousterian or Levalloisian help archaeologists and other anthropologists in understanding major trends in the human past.[citation needed] Anthropologists and geographers share approaches to Culture regions as well, since mapping cultures is central to both sciences. By making comparisons across cultural traditions (time-based) and cultural regions (space-based), anthropologists have developed various kinds of comparative method, a central part of their science.', ' Anthropologists divide the world into cultural traditions and time periods for analysis, using terms like Paleolithic and Neolithic. They also categorize based on tool types like Olduwan and Mousterian. Anthropologists and geographers collaborate on culture regions for comparative analysis across time and space.', 8)
('Some authors argue that anthropology originated and developed as the study of "other cultures", both in terms of time (past societies) and space (non-European/non-Western societies). For example, the classic of urban anthropology, Ulf Hannerz in the introduction to his seminal Exploring the City: Inquiries Toward an Urban Anthropology mentions that the "Third World" had habitually received most of attention; anthropologists who traditionally specialized in "other cultures" looked for them far away and started to look "across the tracks" only in late 1960s.', ' Anthropology\'s origins and development involve the study of non-European/non-Western societies, both in terms of time (past societies) and space (non-local societies). The focus on "other cultures" was primarily on those far away, with attention to local societies starting in the late 1960s. Ulf Hannerz, an influential urban anthropologist, noted this trend in his introduction to "Exploring the City."', 7)
('Since the 1980s it has become common for social and cultural anthropologists to set ethnographic research in the North Atlantic region, frequently examining the connections between locations rather than limiting research to a single locale. There has also been a related shift toward broadening the focus beyond the daily life of ordinary people; increasingly, research is set in settings such as scientific laboratories, social movements, governmental and nongovernmental organizations and businesses.', ' Anthropological research in the North Atlantic region since the 1980s expanded from focusing on a single locale to examining connections between locations. Research topics broadened to include settings such as laboratories, social movements, organizations, and businesses.', 8)
('Following the earthquake, Joseph I gave his Prime Minister even more power, and Sebastião de Melo became a powerful, progressive dictator. As his power grew, his enemies increased in number, and bitter disputes with the high nobility became frequent. In 1758 Joseph I was wounded in an attempted assassination. The Távora family and the Duke of Aveiro were implicated and executed after a quick trial. The Jesuits were expelled from the country and their assets confiscated by the crown. Sebastião de Melo prosecuted every person involved, even women and children. This was the final stroke that broke the power of the aristocracy. Joseph I made his loyal minister Count of Oeiras in 1759.', " Following the earthquake, Joseph I increased Prime Minister Sebastião de Melo's power, leading to his dictatorship. Enemies multiplied, and disputes with the nobility ensued. In 1758, Joseph I was wounded in an assassination attempt. The Távora family and Duke of Aveiro were implicated, tried, and executed. The Jesuits were expelled, and their assets confiscated. Sebastião de Melo prosecuted all involved, including women and children. This action weakened the aristocracy's power. In 1759, Joseph I made Sebastião de Melo Count of Oeiras.", 8)
('Following the Távora affair, the new Count of Oeiras knew no opposition. Made "Marquis of Pombal" in 1770, he effectively ruled Portugal until Joseph I\'s death in 1779. However, historians also argue that Pombal’s "enlightenment," while far-reaching, was primarily a mechanism for enhancing autocracy at the expense of individual liberty and especially an apparatus for crushing opposition, suppressing criticism, and furthering colonial economic exploitation as well as intensifying book censorship and consolidating personal control and profit.', ' The new Count of Oeiras, later made Marquis of Pombal, faced no opposition after the Távora affair and ruled Portugal from 1770 until Joseph\'s death in 1779. Historians contend that Pombal\'s "enlightenment" reforms primarily served to strengthen autocracy, suppress opposition, and intensify colonial economic exploitation, book censorship, and personal control and profit.', 8)
("With the occupation by Napoleon, Portugal began a slow but inexorable decline that lasted until the 20th century. This decline was hastened by the independence in 1822 of the country's largest colonial possession, Brazil. In 1807, as Napoleon's army closed in on Lisbon, the Prince Regent João VI of Portugal transferred his court to Brazil and established Rio de Janeiro as the capital of the Portuguese Empire. In 1815, Brazil was declared a Kingdom and the Kingdom of Portugal was united with it, forming a pluricontinental State, the United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil and the Algarves.", " Napoleon's occupation of Portugal initiated a long decline that continued until the 20th century. This decline was accelerated by Brazil's independence in 1822. In 1807, the Portuguese Prince Regent, João VI, moved the court to Brazil and made Rio de Janeiro the capital of the Portuguese Empire. In 1815, Brazil became a kingdom, and the United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil, and the Algarves was formed, uniting the two kingdoms.", 8)
('As a result of the change in its status and the arrival of the Portuguese royal family, Brazilian administrative, civic, economical, military, educational, and scientific apparatus were expanded and highly modernized. Portuguese and their allied British troops fought against the French Invasion of Portugal and by 1815 the situation in Europe had cooled down sufficiently that João VI would have been able to return safely to Lisbon. However, the King of Portugal remained in Brazil until the Liberal Revolution of 1820, which started in Porto, demanded his return to Lisbon in 1821.', " The arrival of the Portuguese royal family led to the expansion and modernization of Brazil's administrative, civic, economic, military, educational, and scientific structures. Portugal faced a French invasion, but by 1815, the situation in Europe improved, allowing the king to return safely. However, he remained in Brazil until the Liberal Revolution of 1820, which required his return to Lisbon in 1821.", 8)
("With the Conference of Berlin of 1884, Portuguese Africa territories had their borders formally established on request of Portugal in order to protect the centuries-long Portuguese interests in the continent from rivalries enticed by the Scramble for Africa. Portuguese Africa's cities and towns like Nova Lisboa, Sá da Bandeira, Silva Porto, Malanje, Tete, Vila Junqueiro, Vila Pery and Vila Cabral were founded or redeveloped inland during this period and beyond. New coastal towns like Beira, Moçâmedes, Lobito, João Belo, Nacala and Porto Amélia were also founded. Even before the turn of the 20th century, railway tracks as the Benguela railway in Angola, and the Beira railway in Mozambique, started to be built to link coastal areas and selected inland regions.", ' The Conference of Berlin in 1884 formalized the borders of Portuguese Africa to safeguard Portuguese interests. Cities and towns such as Nova Lisboa, Sá da Bandeira, Silva Porto, Malanje, Tete, Vila Junqueiro, Vila Cabral, Beira, Moçâmedes, Lobito, João Belo, Nacala, and Porto Amélia were established or developed inland and on the coast. Railways like the Benguela railway in Angola and the Beira railway in Mozambique were initiated before the turn of the 20th century to connect coastal areas and select inland regions.', 8)
("On 1 February 1908, the king Dom Carlos I of Portugal and his heir apparent, Prince Royal Dom Luís Filipe, Duke of Braganza, were murdered in Lisbon. Under his rule, Portugal had twice been declared bankrupt – on 14 June 1892, and again on 10 May 1902 – causing social turmoil, economic disturbances, protests, revolts and criticism of the monarchy. Manuel II of Portugal became the new king, but was eventually overthrown by the 5 October 1910 revolution, which abolished the regime and instated republicanism in Portugal. Political instability and economic weaknesses were fertile ground for chaos and unrest during the Portuguese First Republic. These conditions would lead to the failed Monarchy of the North, 28 May 1926 coup d'état, and the creation of the National Dictatorship (Ditadura Nacional).", ' In 1908, King Dom Carlos I and his heir, Prince Royal Dom Luís Filipe, were murdered in Lisbon. Portugal, under their rule, had declared bankruptcy twice (1892 and 1902), leading to social turmoil and economic instability. Manuel II became the new king but was overthrown in 1910 by the 5 October Revolution, which established the Portuguese Republic. The Republic faced political instability and economic weaknesses, resulting in the Monarchy of the North, 1926 coup détat, and the National Dictatorship (Ditadura Nacional).', 8)
("This in turn led to the establishment of the right-wing dictatorship of the Estado Novo under António de Oliveira Salazar in 1933. Portugal was one of only five European countries to remain neutral in World War II. From the 1940s to the 1960s, Portugal was a founding member of NATO, OECD and the European Free Trade Association (EFTA). Gradually, new economic development projects and relocation of mainland Portuguese citizens into the overseas provinces in Africa were initiated, with Angola and Mozambique, as the largest and richest overseas territories, being the main targets of those initiatives. These actions were used to affirm Portugal's status as a transcontinental nation and not as a colonial empire.", " The establishment of a right-wing dictatorship, Estado Novo, under António de Oliveira Salazar in 1933 followed Portugal's neutrality during World War II. Portugal was a member of NATO, OECD, and EFTA from the 1940s to 1960s. Economic development projects and relocation of mainland Portuguese citizens into Africa, particularly Angola and Mozambique, were initiated to assert Portugal's identity as a transcontinental nation rather than a colonial empire.", 5)
('Portugal maintains a unitary semi-presidential republican form of government and is a developed country with an advanced economy, and a high living standard, having the 18th highest Social Progress in the world, putting it ahead of other Western European countries like France, Spain and Italy. It is a member of numerous international organizations, including the United Nations, the European Union, the Eurozone, OECD, NATO and the Community of Portuguese Language Countries. Portugal is also known for having decriminalized the usage of all common drugs in 2001, the first country in the world to do so. However, drugs are still illegal in Portugal.', ' Portugal is a developed country with a high living standard and an advanced economy. It is a member of various international organizations, including the UN, EU, Eurozone, OECD, NATO, and the Community of Portuguese Language Countries. Portugal has a unitary semi-presidential republican form of government. In 2001, Portugal decriminalized the usage of all common drugs, making it the first country to do so, although drugs remain illegal.', 8)
("Pelayos' plan was to use the Cantabrian mountains as a place of refuge and protection from the invading Moors. He then aimed to regroup the Iberian Peninsula's Christian armies and use the Cantabrian mountains as a springboard from which to regain their lands from the Moors. In the process, after defeating the Moors in the Battle of Covadonga in 722 AD, Pelayos was proclaimed king, thus founding the Christian Kingdom of Asturias and starting the war of Christian reconquest known in Portuguese as the Reconquista Cristã.", ' Pelayo used Cantabrian mountains as refuge, regrouped Christian armies, defeated Moors in Battle of Covadonga (722 AD), proclaimed king, founded Christian Kingdom of Asturias, initiated Reconquista Cristã.', 8)
('After annexing the County of Portugal into one of the several counties that made up the Kingdom of Asturias, King Alfonso III of Asturias knighted Vimara Peres, in 868 AD, as the First Count of Portus Cale (Portugal). The region became known as Portucale, Portugale, and simultaneously Portugália — the County of Portugal. Later the Kingdom of Asturias was divided into a number of Christian Kingdoms in Northern Spain due to dynastic divisions of inheritance among the kings offspring. With the forced abdication of Alfonso III "the Great" of Asturias by his sons in 910, the Kingdom of Asturias split into three separate kingdoms of León, Galicia and Asturias. The three kingdoms were eventually reunited in 924 (León and Galicia in 914, Asturias later) under the crown of León.', ' In 868 AD, King Alfonso III of Asturias knighted Vimara Peres as the First Count of Portugal (Portucale, Portugale, Portugália) in the annexed County of Portugal. The Kingdom of Asturias later split into three Christian Kingdoms (León, Galicia, and Asturias) due to inheritance divisions in 910. The kingdoms were reunited under the crown of León in 914 (León and Galicia) and later in 924 (Asturias).', 8)
('During the century of internecine struggles for dominance among the Northern Christians kingdoms, the County of Portugal, formed the southern portion of the Kingdom of Galicia. At times the Kingdom of Galicia existed independently for short periods, but usually formed an important part of the Kingdom of Leon. Throughout this period, the people of County of Portugal as Galicians found themselves struggling to maintain the autonomy of Galicia with its distinct language and culture (Galician-Portuguese) from the Leonese culture, whenever the status of the Kingdom of Galicia changed in relation to the Kingdom of Leon. As a result of political division, Galician-Portuguese lost its unity when the County of Portugal separated from the Kingdom of Galicia (a dependent kingdom of Leon) to establish the Kingdom of Portugal. The Galician and Portuguese versions of the language then diverged over time as they followed independent evolutionary paths. This began occurring when the Kingdom of Leon and the Kingdom of Castile united and the Castilian Language (known as Spanish) slowly over the centuries began influencing the Galician Language and then trying to replace it. The same thing happened to Astur-Leonese Language to the point where it is greatly reduced or completely replaced by the Castilian (Spanish Language).', " During the medieval period, the County of Portugal, part of the Kingdom of Galicia, fought to preserve its autonomy and distinct language (Galician-Portuguese) against Leonese culture. Galicia's status changed frequently, leading to the loss of Galician-Portuguese unity when Portugal seceded to form its own kingdom. The Galician and Portuguese languages began diverging as the Castilian Language (later known as Spanish) influenced and eventually replaced Galician-Portuguese and Astur-Leonese in the Kingdom of Leon.", 7)
("In 1738, Sebastião José de Carvalho e Melo, 1st Marquis of Pombal, began a diplomatic career as the Portuguese Ambassador in London and later in Vienna. The Queen consort of Portugal, Archduchess Maria Anne Josefa of Austria, was fond of Melo; and after his first wife died, she arranged the widowed de Melo's second marriage to the daughter of the Austrian Field Marshal Leopold Josef, Count von Daun. King John V of Portugal, however, was not pleased and recalled Melo to Portugal in 1749. John V died the following year and his son, Joseph I of Portugal, was crowned. In contrast to his father, Joseph I was fond of de Melo, and with the Queen Mother's approval, he appointed Melo as Minister of Foreign Affairs.", " In 1738, Sebastião José de Carvalho e Melo served as Portuguese Ambassador in London and Vienna. The Queen consort, Archduchess Maria Anne Josefa of Austria, arranged for Melo to marry her daughter after his first wife's death. King John V of Portugal recalled Melo in 1749, but his successor, Joseph I, appointed him as Minister of Foreign Affairs with the Queen Mother's approval.", 7)
("Despite the calamity and huge death toll, Lisbon suffered no epidemics and within less than one year was already being rebuilt. The new city centre of Lisbon was designed to resist subsequent earthquakes. Architectural models were built for tests, and the effects of an earthquake were simulated by marching troops around the models. The buildings and big squares of the Pombaline City Centre still remain as one of Lisbon's tourist attractions. Sebastião de Melo also made an important contribution to the study of seismology by designing an inquiry that was sent to every parish in the country.", ' After the devastating earthquake in Lisbon, which resulted in a large death toll, the city experienced no epidemics and was rebuilt within a year. The new city center, known as the Pombaline City Center, was designed to withstand future earthquakes. Architectural models were tested and earthquake simulations were conducted using troops. The buildings and squares of the Pombaline City Center remain as tourist attractions. Sebastião de Melo contributed to seismology by sending an inquiry to every parish in the country.', 8)
('Portugal (Portuguese: [puɾtuˈɣaɫ]), officially the Portuguese Republic (Portuguese: República Portuguesa), is a country on the Iberian Peninsula, in Southwestern Europe. It is the westernmost country of mainland Europe, being bordered by the Atlantic Ocean to the west and south and by Spain to the north and east. The Portugal–Spain border is 1,214 km (754 mi) long and considered the longest uninterrupted border within the European Union. The republic also includes the Atlantic archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira, both autonomous regions with their own regional governments.', ' Portugal, officially Portuguese Republic, is a European country on the Iberian Peninsula, bordered by the Atlantic Ocean and Spain. It includes the autonomous regions of Azores and Madeira in the Atlantic. The Portugal-Spain border is the longest within the EU, at 1,214 km.', 8)
("The land within the borders of current Portugal has been continuously settled and fought over since prehistoric times. The Celts and the Romans were followed by the Visigothic and the Suebi Germanic peoples, who were themselves later invaded by the Moors. These Muslim peoples were eventually expelled during the Christian Reconquista of the peninsula. By 1139, Portugal had established itself as a kingdom independent from León. In the 15th and 16th centuries, as the result of pioneering the Age of Discovery, Portugal expanded Western influence and established the first global empire, becoming one of the world's major economic, political and military powers.", ' Prehistoric times saw continuous settlement and conflict in current Portugal. Celts and Romans were followed by Visigothic and Suebi Germanic peoples, who were later invaded by Moors. Portugal became a kingdom in 1139. In the 15th and 16th centuries, Portugal established a global empire during the Age of Discovery, becoming a major economic, political, and military power.', 8)
('Portugal lost much of its wealth and status with the destruction of Lisbon in a 1755 earthquake, occupation during the Napoleonic Wars, and the independence of Brazil, its wealthiest colony, in 1822. After the 1910 revolution deposed the monarchy, the democratic but unstable Portuguese First Republic was established, later being superseded by the "Estado Novo" right-wing authoritarian regime. Democracy was restored after the Portuguese Colonial War and the Carnation Revolution in 1974. Shortly after, independence was granted to all its colonies, with the exception of Macau, which was handed over to China in 1999. This marked the end of the longest-lived European colonial empire, leaving a profound cultural and architectural influence across the globe and a legacy of over 250 million Portuguese speakers today.', ' Portugal suffered significant losses of wealth and status due to a 1755 earthquake, Napoleonic Wars, and Brazil\'s independence in 1822. The democratic but unstable Portuguese First Republic followed the monarchy\'s downfall, which was later replaced by the right-wing authoritarian "Estado Novo" regime. Democracy was restored after the Portuguese Colonial War and the Carnation Revolution in 1974. Portugal granted independence to all its colonies except Macau, which was handed over to China in 1999, marking the end of the longest-lived European colonial empire and leaving a cultural and architectural influence with over 250 million Portuguese speakers worldwide.', 8)
('The early history of Portugal is shared with the rest of the Iberian Peninsula located in South Western Europe. The name of Portugal derives from the joined Romano-Celtic name Portus Cale. The region was settled by Pre-Celts and Celts, giving origin to peoples like the Gallaeci, Lusitanians, Celtici and Cynetes, visited by Phoenicians and Carthaginians, incorporated in the Roman Republic dominions as Lusitania and part of Gallaecia, after 45 BC until 298 AD, settled again by Suebi, Buri, and Visigoths, and conquered by Moors. Other influences include some 5th-century vestiges of Alan settlement, which were found in Alenquer (old Germanic Alankerk, from Alan+kerk; meaning church of the Alan (people), Coimbra and Lisbon.', ' The name Portugal derives from Portus Cale. The region was inhabited by Pre-Celts and Celts, visited by Phoenicians and Carthaginians, and part of the Roman Republic as Lusitania and Gallaecia from 45 BC to 298 AD. It was then settled by Suebi, Buri, Visigoths, and Moors, with some Alan settlement in Alenquer, Coimbra, and Lisbon.', 7)
("In 27 BC, Lusitania gained the status of Roman province. Later, a northern province of Lusitania was formed, known as Gallaecia, with capital in Bracara Augusta, today's Braga. There are still many ruins of castros (hill forts) all over modern Portugal and remains of Castro culture. Numerous Roman sites are scattered around present-day Portugal, some urban remains are quite large, like Conímbriga and Mirobriga. The former, beyond being one of the largest Roman settlements in Portugal, is also classified as a National Monument. Conímbriga lies 16 km from Coimbra which by its turn was the ancient Aeminium). The site also has a museum that displays objects found by archaeologists during their excavations.", ' In 27 BC, Lusitania became a Roman province. A northern part, Gallaecia, was later formed with Bracara Augusta (modern Braga) as its capital. Many hill fort ruins (castros) and Roman sites remain in modern Portugal, including large urban settlements like Conímbriga and Mirobriga. Conímbriga, 16 km from Coimbra, is a large Roman settlement and a National Monument. It has a museum displaying excavated objects.', 8)
("After defeating the Visigoths in only a few months, the Umayyad Caliphate started expanding rapidly in the peninsula. Beginning in 711, the land that is now Portugal became part of the vast Umayyad Caliphate's empire of Damascus, which stretched from the Indus river in the Indian sub-continent (now Pakistan) up to the South of France, until its collapse in 750. That year the west of the empire gained its independence under Abd-ar-Rahman I with the establishment of the Emirate of Córdoba. After almost two centuries, the Emirate became the Caliphate of Córdoba in 929, until its dissolution a century later in 1031 into no less than 23 small kingdoms, called Taifa kingdoms.", ' The Umayyad Caliphate expanded rapidly in the Iberian Peninsula after defeating the Visigoths in 711, creating an empire that included Portugal and reached up to the South of France. This empire lasted until 750 when it split into the Emirate of Córdoba. The Emirate became the Caliphate of Córdoba in 929 but was dissolved a century later into 23 small kingdoms known as Taifa kingdoms.', 8)
('The governors of the taifas each proclaimed themselves Emir of their provinces and established diplomatic relations with the Christian kingdoms of the north. Most of Portugal fell into the hands of the Taifa of Badajoz of the Aftasid Dynasty, and after a short spell of an ephemeral Taifa of Lisbon in 1022, fell under the dominion of the Taifa of Seville of the Abbadids poets. The Taifa period ended with the conquest of the Almoravids who came from Morocco in 1086 winning a decisive victory at the Battle of Sagrajas, followed a century later in 1147, after the second period of Taifa, by the Almohads, also from Marrakesh.', " During the Taifa period, governors declared themselves Emirs and established diplomatic ties with northern Christian kingdoms. The Taifa of Badajoz and Abbadids controlled most of Portugal. The Taifa period ended with the Almoravids' conquest in 1086, followed by the Almohads' conquest in 1147.", 7)
('The Muslim population of the region consisted mainly of native Iberian converts to Islam (the so-called Muwallad or Muladi) and to a lesser extent Berbers and Arabs. The Arabs were principally noblemen from Oman; and though few in numbers, they constituted the elite of the population. The Berbers were originally from the Atlas mountains and Rif mountains of North Africa and were essentially nomads. In Portugal, the Muslim population (or "Moors"), relatively small in numbers, stayed in the Algarve region, and south of the Tagus. Today, there are approximately 800 words in the Portuguese language of Arabic origin. The Muslims were expelled from Portugal 300 years earlier than in neighbouring Spain, which is reflected both in Portuguese culture and the language, which is mostly Celtiberian and Vulgar Latin.', ' The Muslim population in the region was primarily made up of native Iberian converts (Muwallad or Muladi), Berbers, and Arabs. Arabs were noblemen from Oman and formed the elite, while Berbers were nomads from the Atlas and Rif mountains of North Africa. Muslims in Portugal were mainly located in the Algarve region and south of the Tagus. Approximately 800 words in Portuguese language have Arabic origins. Muslims were expelled from Portugal 300 years before neighboring Spain, resulting in a predominantly Celtiberian and Vulgar Latin culture.', 8)
('A year before Alfonso III "the Great" of Asturias death, three of Alfonso\'s sons rose in rebellion and forced him to abdicate, partitioning the kingdom among them. The eldest son, García, became king of León. The second son, Ordoño, reigned in Galicia, while the third, Fruela, received Asturias with Oviedo as his capital. Alfonso died in Zamora, probably in 910. His former realm would be reunited when first García died childless and León passed to Ordoño. He in turn died when his children were too young to ascend; Fruela became king of a reunited crown. His death the next year initiated a series of internecine struggles that led to unstable succession for over a century. It continued under that name[clarification needed] until incorporated into the Kingdom of Castile in 1230, after Ferdinand III became joint king of the two kingdoms. This was done to avoid dynastic feuds and to maintain the Christian Kingdoms strong enough to prevent complete Muslim take over of the Iberian Peninsula and to further the Reconquista of Iberia by Christian armies.', ' A year before Alfonso III of Asturias death, his three sons rebelled, forcing him to abdicate. Garcia became king of León, Ordoño ruled Galicia, and Fruela received Asturias with Oviedo as capital. Alfonso died in Zamora around 910. The realm was reunited when Garcia died childless and León passed to Ordoño. Ordoño died, and Fruela became king, but his death initiated a century of internecine struggles. The kingdoms continued under various rulers until they were incorporated into the Kingdom of Castile in 1230.', 7)
("In 1348 and 1349 Portugal, like the rest of Europe, was devastated by the Black Death. In 1373, Portugal made an alliance with England, which is the longest-standing alliance in the world. This alliance served both nations' interests throughout history and is regarded by many as the predecessor to NATO. Over time this went way beyond geo-political and military cooperation (protecting both nations' interests in Africa, the Americas and Asia against French, Spanish and Dutch rivals) and maintained strong trade and cultural ties between the two old European allies. Particularly in the Oporto region, there is visible English influence to this day.", ' In 1348-1349, Portugal and Europe experienced the Black Death. In 1373, Portugal formed a long-lasting alliance with England, serving mutual geo-political, military, trade, and cultural interests. The alliance extended influence in Africa, Americas, and Asia against rivals. Strong English influence remains in the Oporto region.', 8)
('Portugal spearheaded European exploration of the world and the Age of Discovery. Prince Henry the Navigator, son of King João I, became the main sponsor and patron of this endeavour. During this period, Portugal explored the Atlantic Ocean, discovering several Atlantic archipelagos like the Azores, Madeira, and Cape Verde, explored the African coast, colonized selected areas of Africa, discovered an eastern route to India via the Cape of Good Hope, discovered Brazil, explored the Indian Ocean, established trading routes throughout most of southern Asia, and sent the first direct European maritime trade and diplomatic missions to China and Japan.', ' Portugal led European exploration during the Age of Discovery. Prince Henry the Navigator sponsored expeditions, discovering the Azores, Madeira, Cape Verde, African coast, India via Cape of Good Hope, Brazil, Indian Ocean, and established trading routes in southern Asia. First European maritime trade and diplomatic missions to China and Japan were sent.', 8)
("As the King's confidence in de Melo increased, the King entrusted him with more control of the state. By 1755, Sebastião de Melo was made Prime Minister. Impressed by British economic success that he had witnessed from the Ambassador, he successfully implemented similar economic policies in Portugal. He abolished slavery in Portugal and in the Portuguese colonies in India; reorganized the army and the navy; restructured the University of Coimbra, and ended discrimination against different Christian sects in Portugal.", ' By 1755, Sebastião de Melo became Prime Minister of Portugal, where he implemented successful economic policies inspired by Britain. He abolished slavery in Portugal and its colonies, reorganized the army and navy, restructured the University of Coimbra, and ended discrimination against various Christian sects.', 8)
("But Sebastião de Melo's greatest reforms were economic and financial, with the creation of several companies and guilds to regulate every commercial activity. He demarcated the region for production of Port to ensure the wine's quality, and this was the first attempt to control wine quality and production in Europe. He ruled with a strong hand by imposing strict law upon all classes of Portuguese society from the high nobility to the poorest working class, along with a widespread review of the country's tax system. These reforms gained him enemies in the upper classes, especially among the high nobility, who despised him as a social upstart.", ' Sebastião de Melos implemented economic and financial reforms, establishing companies and guilds to regulate commerce. He demarcated the Port production region for wine quality control, the first European attempt at such regulation. He ruled with a firm hand, imposing laws on all societal classes and reviewing the tax system. His reforms garnered opposition from the high nobility.', 8)
("The Portuguese government and army successfully resisted the decolonization of its overseas territories until April 1974, when a bloodless left-wing military coup in Lisbon, known as the Carnation Revolution, led the way for the independence of the overseas territories in Africa and Asia, as well as for the restoration of democracy after two years of a transitional period known as PREC (Processo Revolucionário Em Curso). This period was characterized by social turmoil and power disputes between left- and right-wing political forces. The retreat from the overseas territories and the acceptance of its independence terms by Portuguese head representatives for overseas negotiations, which would create independent states in 1975, prompted a mass exodus of Portuguese citizens from Portugal's African territories (mostly from Portuguese Angola and Mozambique).", ' The Portuguese government and army resisted decolonization until a left-wing military coup in April 1974 led to the independence of African and Asian territories and the restoration of democracy. This period was marked by social unrest and power struggles. The retreat from these territories and acceptance of independence terms resulted in a mass exodus of Portuguese citizens, primarily from Angola and Mozambique.', 8)
('The country continued to be governed by a Junta de Salvação Nacional until the Portuguese legislative election of 1976. It was won by the Portuguese Socialist Party (PS) and Mário Soares, its leader, became Prime Minister of the 1st Constitutional Government on 23 July. Mário Soares would be Prime Minister from 1976 to 1978 and again from 1983 to 1985. In this capacity Soares tried to resume the economic growth and development record that had been achieved before the Carnation Revolution, during the last decade of the previous regime. He initiated the process of accession to the European Economic Community (EEC) by starting accession negotiations as early as 1977.', ' The Portuguese Junta de Salvação Nacional governed the country until the 1976 legislative election, won by the Portuguese Socialist Party (PS) with Mário Soares as Prime Minister from 1976 to 1978 and again from 1983 to 1985. Soares aimed to restore economic growth and development, initiating EEC accession negotiations in 1977.', 8)
("The country bounced between socialism and adherence to the neoliberal model. Land reform and nationalizations were enforced; the Portuguese Constitution (approved in 1976) was rewritten in order to accommodate socialist and communist principles. Until the constitutional revisions of 1982 and 1989, the constitution was a highly charged ideological document with numerous references to socialism, the rights of workers, and the desirability of a socialist economy. Portugal's economic situation after its transition to democracy, obliged the government to pursue International Monetary Fund (IMF)-monitored stabilization programs in 1977–78 and 1983–85.", " The country underwent shifts between socialism and neoliberalism. Land reform and nationalizations occurred, leading to a rewrite of the Portuguese Constitution in 1976 with socialist and communist principles. The constitution, until 1982 and 1989 revisions, was an ideological document emphasizing socialism, workers' rights, and a socialist economy. Economic instability after democracy transition required IMF-backed stabilization programs in 1977-78 and 1983-85.", 8)
('Portugal is defined as a Mediterranean climate (Csa in the South, interior, and Douro region; Csb in the North, Central Portugal and coastal Alentejo; mixed oceanic climate along the northern half of the coastline and also Semi-arid climate or Steppe climate (BSk in certain parts of Beja district far South) according to the Köppen-Geiger Climate Classification), and is one of the warmest European countries: the annual average temperature in mainland Portugal varies from 8–12 °C (46.4–53.6 °F) in the mountainous interior north to 16–19 °C (60.8–66.2 °F) in the south and on the Guadiana river basin. The Algarve, separated from the Alentejo region by mountains reaching up to 900 metres (3,000 ft) in Alto de Fóia, has a climate similar to that of the southern coastal areas of Spain or Southwest Australia.', ' Portugal has various climate zones including Mediterranean (Csa and Csb), mixed oceanic, and semi-arid (BSk) according to the Köppen-Geiger Classification. Temperatures range from 8-12°C in the north to 16-19°C in the south and Guadiana river basin. The Algarve region has a climate similar to southern Spanish or Southwest Australian coastal areas. Portugal is one of the warmest European countries.', 7)
('Both the archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira have a subtropical climate, although variations between islands exist, making weather predictions very difficult (owing to rough topography). The Madeira and Azorean archipelagos have a narrower temperature range, with annual average temperatures exceeding 20 °C (68 °F) along the coast (according to the Portuguese Meteorological Institute). Some islands in Azores do have drier months in the summer. Consequently, the island of the Azores have been identified as having a Mediterranean climate (both Csa and Csb types), while some islands (such as Flores or Corvo) are classified as Maritime Temperate (Cfb) and Humid subtropical (Cfa), respectively, according to Köppen-Geiger classification.', ' The Azores and Madeira archipelagos have subtropical climates with varying weather conditions due to rough topography. Both have annual average temperatures above 20°C (68°F) along the coast. Some Azores islands have drier summers. The Azores are classified as Mediterranean (Csa and Csb) and Maritime Temperate (Cfb) climates, while Flores and Corvo are Humid subtropical (Cfa) according to Köppen-Geiger classification.', 7)
("Despite the fact that humans have occupied the territory of Portugal for thousands of years, something still remains of the original vegetation. In Gerês both deciduous and coniferous forests can be found, an extremely rare worldwide mature mediterranean forest remain in some parts of the Arrábida mountain and a subtropical laurissilva forest, dating back to the Tertiary period, covers its largest continuous area in the world in the Madeira main island. Due to the human population decrease and rural exodus, Pyrenean oak and other local native trees are colonizing many abandoned areas. Boar, Iberian red deer, roe deer, Iberian wild goat, for example, are reported to be expanding greatly, during the last decades. Boars were found recently roaming at night inside large urban areas, like in Setubal. Protected areas of Portugal include one national park (Portuguese: Parque Nacional), 12 natural parks (Portuguese: Parque Natural), nine natural reserves (Portuguese: Reserva Natural), five natural monuments (Portuguese: Monumento Natural), and seven protected landscapes (Portuguese: Paisagem Protegida), which include the Parque Nacional da Peneda-Gerês, the Parque Natural da Serra da Estrela and the Paul d'Arzila.", " Humans have preserved some of Portugal's original vegetation, including deciduous and coniferous forests, a mature Mediterranean forest, and a subtropical laurissilva forest. Due to population decrease and rural exodus, native trees like Pyrenean oak are colonizing abandoned areas. Wildlife, such as boar, red deer, roe deer, and Iberian wild goat, are expanding. Portugal has protected areas including a national park, 12 natural parks, nine natural reserves, five natural monuments, and seven protected landscapes, including Peneda-Gerês, Serra da Estrela, and Paul d'Arzila.", 8)
('Laurisilva is a unique type of subtropical rainforest found in few areas of Europe and the world: in the Azores, and in particular on the island of Madeira, there are large forests of endemic Laurisilva forests (the latter protected as a natural heritage preserve). There are several species of diverse mammalian fauna, including the fox, badger, iberian lynx, iberian wolf, wild goat (Capra pyrenaica), wild cat (Felis silvestris), hare, weasel, polecat, chameleon, mongoose, civet, brown bear[citation needed] (spotted near Rio Minho, close to Peneda-Gerês) and many others. Portugal is an important stopover for migratory birds, in places such as Cape St. Vincent or the Monchique mountains, where thousands of birds cross from Europe to Africa during the autumn or in the spring (return migration).', ' The Laurisilva forest is a unique subtropical rainforest found in Europe, specifically in the Azores and on the island of Madeira. This forest is home to various mammalian fauna such as fox, badger, iberian lynx, iberian wolf, wild goat, wild cat, hare, weasel, polecat, chameleon, mongoose, civet, and brown bear. Portugal is significant for migratory birds as thousands cross from Europe to Africa during autumn and spring at places like Cape St. Vincent and Monchique mountains.', 7)
('There are more than 100 freshwater fish species, varying from the giant European catfish (in the Tagus International Natural Park) to some small and endemic species that live only in small lakes (along the western portion of country, for example). Some of these rare and specific species are highly endangered because of habitat loss, pollution and drought. Up-welling along the west coast of Portugal makes the sea extremely rich in nutrients and diverse species of marine fish; the Portuguese marine waters are one of the richest in the world. Marine fish species are more common, and include thousands of species, such as the sardine (Sardina pilchardus), tuna and Atlantic mackerel. Bioluminescent species are also well represented (including species in different colour spectrum and forms), like the glowing plankton that are possible to observe in some beaches.', " Over 100 freshwater fish species exist in Portugal, ranging from large European catfish to small, endemic ones. Some are endangered due to habitat loss, pollution, and drought. Portugal's west coast has nutrient-rich waters, hosting diverse marine fish species like sardines, tuna, and mackerel, as well as bioluminescent ones.", 8)
('The President, who is elected to a five-year term, has an executive role: the current President is Aníbal Cavaco Silva. The Assembly of the Republic is a single chamber parliament composed of 230 deputies elected for a four-year term. The Government is headed by the Prime Minister (currently António Costa) and includes Ministers and Secretaries of State. The Courts are organized into several levels, among the judicial, administrative and fiscal branches. The Supreme Courts are institutions of last resort/appeal. A thirteen-member Constitutional Court oversees the constitutionality of the laws.', ' The President, elected for a five-year term, has an executive role with Aníbal Cavaco Silva as the current president. The Assembly of the Republic, a single chamber parliament, consists of 230 deputies serving a four-year term. The Government, led by Prime Minister António Costa, includes Ministers and Secretaries of State. The Courts encompass judicial, administrative, and fiscal branches, with Supreme Courts serving as institutions of last resort. A thirteen-member Constitutional Court oversees the constitutionality of laws.', 8)
('Portugal operates a multi-party system of competitive legislatures/local administrative governments at the national-, regional- and local-levels. The Assembly of the Republic, Regional Assemblies and local municipalities and parishes, are dominated by two political parties, the Socialist Party and the Social Democratic Party, in addition to the Unitary Democratic Coalition (Portuguese Communist Party and Ecologist Party "The Greens"), the Left Bloc and the Democratic and Social Centre – People\'s Party, which garner between 5 and 15% of the vote regularly.', ' Portugal has a multi-party system with competitive legislatures and local administrative governments at the national, regional, and local levels. The Assembly of the Republic, Regional Assemblies, and local municipalities and parishes are primarily controlled by the Socialist Party, Social Democratic Party, Unitary Democratic Coalition (Portuguese Communist Party and Ecologist Party "The Greens"), Left Bloc, and Democratic and Social Centre – Peoples Party, which consistently receive between 5 and 15% of the votes.', 7)
('The Head of State of Portugal is the President of the Republic, elected to a five-year term by direct, universal suffrage. He or she has also supervision and reserve powers. These powers are often compared[by whom?] with the "moderator power" that was held by the King in the Portuguese Constitutional Monarchy.[citation needed] Presidential powers include the appointment of the Prime Minister and the other members of the Government (where the President takes into account the results of legislative elections); dismissing the Prime Minister; dissolving the Assembly of the Republic (to call early elections); vetoing legislation (which may be overridden by the Assembly with a supermajority); and declaring a state of war or siege. The President is also the ex officio Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces.', ' The President of Portugal is elected for a five-year term through direct universal suffrage and holds supervision and reserve powers. Powers include appointing the Prime Minister and government, dismissing the Prime Minister, dissolving the Assembly of the Republic, vetoing legislation, and declaring a state of war or siege. The President is also the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces. These powers are compared to the "moderator power" of the Portuguese Constitutional Monarchy.', 8)
("The Council of Ministers – under the presidency of the Prime Minister (or the President of Portugal at the latter's request) and the Ministers (may also include one or more Deputy Prime Ministers) – acts as the cabinet. Each government is required to define the broad outline of its policies in a programme, and present it to the Assembly for a mandatory period of debate. The failure of the Assembly to reject the government programme by an absolute majority of deputies confirms the cabinet in office.", ' The Council of Ministers, led by the Prime Minister or President, acts as the cabinet. Each government presents its policy outline in a programme to the Assembly for debate, and failure to reject it by an absolute Assembly majority confirms the cabinet in office.', 8)
("Portuguese law applied in the former colonies and territories and continues to be the major influence for those countries. Portugal's main police organizations are the Guarda Nacional Republicana – GNR (National Republican Guard), a gendarmerie; the Polícia de Segurança Pública – PSP (Public Security Police), a civilian police force who work in urban areas; and the Polícia Judiciária – PJ (Judicial Police), a highly specialized criminal investigation police that is overseen by the Public Ministry.", ' Portuguese law influences former colonies and territories. Three main police organizations in Portugal are the Guarda Nacional Republicana (GNR), a gendarmerie, the Polícia de Segurança Pública (PSP), a civilian urban police force, and the Polícia Judiciária (PJ), a specialized criminal investigation police overseen by the Public Ministry.', 8)
('Portugal has arguably the most liberal laws concerning possession of illicit drugs in the Western world. In 2001, Portugal decriminalized possession of effectively all drugs that are still illegal in other developed nations including, but not limited to, cannabis, cocaine, heroin, and LSD. While possession is legal, trafficking and possession of more than "10 days worth of personal use" are still punishable by jail time and fines. People caught with small amounts of any drug are given the choice to go to a rehab facility, and may refuse treatment without consequences. Despite criticism from other European nations, who stated Portugal\'s drug consumption would tremendously increase, overall drug use has declined along with the number of HIV infection cases, which had dropped 50 percent by 2009. Drug use among 16- to 18-year-olds also declined, however the use of marijuana rose only slightly among that age group.', ' Portugal decriminalized all illegal drugs in 2001, allowing for decriminalized possession of cannabis, cocaine, heroin, and LSD. Possession of large quantities and trafficking remain punishable. Individuals can choose rehab instead of jail time. Critics predicted increased drug use and HIV infections, but consumption and HIV cases declined, while marijuana use among teens slightly increased.', 0)
('Administratively, Portugal is divided into 308 municipalities (Portuguese: municípios or concelhos), which after a reform in 2013 are subdivided into 3,092 civil parishes (Portuguese: freguesia). Operationally, the municipality and civil parish, along with the national government, are the only legally identifiable local administrative units identified by the government of Portugal (for example, cities, towns or villages have no standing in law, although may be used as catchment for the defining services). For statistical purposes the Portuguese government also identifies NUTS, inter-municipal communities and informally, the district system, used until European integration (and being phased-out by the national government).[original research?] Continental Portugal is agglomerated into 18 districts, while the archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira are governed as autonomous regions; the largest units, established since 1976, are either mainland Portugal (Portuguese: Portugal Continental) and the autonomous regions of Portugal (Azores and Madeira).', ' Portugal is administratively divided into 308 municipalities, subdivided into 3,092 civil parishes. The municipality and civil parish, along with the national government, are the only legally recognized local administrative units. For statistical purposes, NUTS, inter-municipal communities, and the district system are also identified. Continental Portugal is divided into 18 districts, while the Azores and Madeira are governed as autonomous regions. Portugal is composed of mainland Portugal and the autonomous regions.', 7)
('The armed forces have three branches: Navy, Army and Air Force. They serve primarily as a self-defense force whose mission is to protect the territorial integrity of the country and provide humanitarian assistance and security at home and abroad. As of 2008, the three branches numbered 39,200 active personnel including 7,500 women. Portuguese military expenditure in 2009 was $5.2 billion, representing 2.1 percent of GDP. Military conscription was abolished in 2004. The minimum age for voluntary recruitment is 18 years.', " The Portuguese military consists of three branches: Navy, Army, and Air Force, with a total of 39,200 active personnel (7,500 women) in 2008. Military spending was $5.2 billion in 2009, equating to 2.1% of the country's GDP. Military conscription was abolished in 2004, and volunteers must be at least 18 years old.", 8)
('The Army (21,000 personnel) comprises three brigades and other small units. An infantry brigade (mainly equipped with Pandur II APC), a mechanized brigade (mainly equipped with Leopard 2 A6 tanks and M113 APC) and a Rapid Reaction Brigade (consisting of paratroopers, commandos and rangers). The Navy (10,700 personnel, of which 1,580 are marines) has five frigates, seven corvettes, two submarines, and 28 patrol and auxiliary vessels. The Air Force (7,500 personnel) has the Lockheed F-16 Fighting Falcon and the Dassault/Dornier Alpha Jet as the main combat aircraft.', ' The Army consists of three brigades and smaller units with 21,000 personnel, including an infantry brigade (Pandur II APC), a mechanized brigade (Leopard 2 A6 tanks, M113 APC), and a Rapid Reaction Brigade (paratroopers, commandos, rangers). The Navy has 10,700 personnel, including 1,580 marines, and operates five frigates, seven corvettes, two submarines, and 28 patrol and auxiliary vessels. The Air Force has 7,500 personnel and uses the Lockheed F-16 Fighting Falcon and Dassault/Dornier Alpha Jet as main combat aircraft.', 8)
('In the 20th century, Portugal engaged in two major conflicts: World War I and the Portuguese Colonial War (1961–1974). After the end of the Portuguese Empire in 1975, the Portuguese Armed Forces have participated in peacekeeping missions in East Timor, Bosnia, Kosovo, Afghanistan, Somalia, Iraq (Nasiriyah) and Lebanon. Portugal also conducted several independent unilateral military operations abroad, as were the cases of the interventions of the Portuguese Armed Forces in Angola in 1992 and in Guinea-Bissau in 1998 with the main objectives of protecting and withdrawing of Portuguese and foreign citizens threatened by local civil conflicts.', ' Portugal was involved in World War I and the Portuguese Colonial War (1961–1974) in the 20th century. After the end of the Portuguese Empire in 1975, Portuguese Armed Forces participated in peacekeeping missions in East Timor, Bosnia, Kosovo, Afghanistan, Somalia, Iraq (Nasiriyah), and Lebanon. Portugal also conducted independent unilateral military operations in Angola (1992) and Guinea-Bissau (1998) to protect and withdraw Portuguese and foreign citizens from local conflicts.', 8)
("After the bailout was announced, the Portuguese government headed by Pedro Passos Coelho managed to implement measures with the intention of improve the State's financial situation, including tax hikes, a freeze of civil service-related lower-wages and cuts of higher-wages by 14.3%, on top of the government's spending cuts. The Portuguese government also agreed to eliminate its golden share in Portugal Telecom which gave it veto power over vital decisions. In 2012, all public servants had already seen an average wage cut of 20% relative to their 2010 baseline, with cuts reaching 25% for those earning more than 1,500 euro per month.", " After the bailout, Pedro Passos Coelho's Portuguese government implemented tax hikes, froze lower-wages, cut higher-wages by 14.3%, agreed to eliminate the golden share in Portugal Telecom, and public servants had already experienced an average wage cut of 20%, with higher earners seeing up to 25% cuts by 2012.", 8)
('A report released in January 2011 by the Diário de Notícias and published in Portugal by Gradiva, had demonstrated that in the period between the Carnation Revolution in 1974 and 2010, the democratic Portuguese Republic governments encouraged over-expenditure and investment bubbles through unclear Public–private partnerships and funding of numerous ineffective and unnecessary external consultancy and advisory of committees and firms. This allowed considerable slippage in state-managed public works and inflated top management and head officer bonuses and wages. Persistent and lasting recruitment policies boosted the number of redundant public servants. Risky credit, public debt creation, and European structural and cohesion funds were mismanaged across almost four decades.', ' Between 1974 and 2010, Portuguese democratic governments fostered overspending and investment bubbles through ambiguous public-private partnerships and excessive external consultancy funding. This led to inefficient public works, inflated executive bonuses and wages, and redundant public servants. Mismanagement of risky credit, public debt creation, and European structural and cohesion funds occurred over nearly four decades.', 8)
("After the financial crisis of 2007–08, it was known in 2008–2009 that two Portuguese banks (Banco Português de Negócios (BPN) and Banco Privado Português (BPP)) had been accumulating losses for years due to bad investments, embezzlement and accounting fraud. The case of BPN was particularly serious because of its size, market share, and the political implications - Portugal's then current President, Cavaco Silva, and some of his political allies, maintained personal and business relationships with the bank and its CEO, who was eventually charged and arrested for fraud and other crimes. In the grounds of avoiding a potentially serious financial crisis in the Portuguese economy, the Portuguese government decided to give them a bailout, eventually at a future loss to taxpayers and to the Portuguese people in general.", " In the aftermath of the 2007-08 financial crisis, Portuguese banks Banco Português de Negócios (BPN) and Banco Privado Português (BPP) were discovered to have amassed losses due to poor investments, embezzlement, and accounting fraud. The situation with BPN was particularly severe due to its size, market share, and political connections - Portugal's then President, Cavaco Silva, and some of his allies had personal and business ties to the bank and its CEO, who was later charged and arrested for fraud and other crimes. To prevent a potential financial crisis in the Portuguese economy, the government provided a bailout to the banks, resulting in future financial losses for taxpayers and the Portuguese people in general.", 8)
("The Portuguese currency is the euro (€), which replaced the Portuguese Escudo, and the country was one of the original member states of the eurozone. Portugal's central bank is the Banco de Portugal, an integral part of the European System of Central Banks. Most industries, businesses and financial institutions are concentrated in the Lisbon and Porto metropolitan areas—the Setúbal, Aveiro, Braga, Coimbra and Leiria districts are the biggest economic centres outside these two main areas.[citation needed] According to World Travel Awards, Portugal is the Europe's Leading Golf Destination 2012 and 2013.", " Portugal uses the euro as its currency and is part of the eurozone. The Banco de Portugal is its central bank. Major industries and businesses are located in Lisbon and Porto metropolitan areas, with significant economic activity also in Setúbal, Aveiro, Braga, Coimbra, and Leiria districts. Portugal has been named Europe's Leading Golf Destination in 2012 and 2013 by World Travel Awards.", 8)
("Since the Carnation Revolution of 1974, which culminated in the end of one of Portugal's most notable phases of economic expansion (that started in the 1960s), a significant change has occurred in the nation's annual economic growth.[citation needed] After the turmoil of the 1974 revolution and the PREC period, Portugal tried to adapt to a changing modern global economy, a process that continues in 2013. Since the 1990s, Portugal's public consumption-based economic development model has been slowly changing to a system that is focused on exports, private investment and the development of the high-tech sector. Consequently, business services have overtaken more traditional industries such as textiles, clothing, footwear and cork (Portugal is the world's leading cork producer), wood products and beverages.", " The Carnation Revolution in 1974 marked the end of Portugal's economic expansion from the 1960s and led to significant economic changes. After the revolution and the PREC period, Portugal shifted its focus from public consumption to exports, private investment, and the high-tech sector. Business services have surpassed traditional industries like textiles, clothing, footwear, cork production, wood products, and beverages.", 8)
('In the second decade of the 21st century the Portuguese economy suffered its most severe recession since the 1970s resulting in the country having to be bailed out by the European Commission, European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund. The bailout, agreed to in 2011, required Portugal to enter into a range of austerity measures in exchange for funding support of €78 billion. In May 2014 the country exited the bailout but reaffirmed its commitment to maintaining its reformist momentum. At the time of exiting the bailout the economy had contracted by 0.7% in the first quarter of 2014, however unemployment, while still high had fallen to 15.3 percent.', ' In the 2010s, Portugal experienced a severe recession leading to a €78 billion bailout from the European Commission, European Central Bank, and IMF in 2011. The country implemented austerity measures to exit the bailout in May 2014, with an economy contraction of 0.7% and unemployment at 15.3% that same year.', 8)
("Agriculture in Portugal is based on small to medium-sized family-owned dispersed units. However, the sector also includes larger scale intensive farming export-oriented agrobusinesses backed by companies (like Grupo RAR's Vitacress, Sovena, Lactogal, Vale da Rosa, Companhia das Lezírias and Valouro). The country produces a wide variety of crops and livestock products, including tomatoes, citrus, green vegetables, rice, corn, barley, olives, oilseeds, nuts, cherries, bilberry, table grapes, edible mushrooms, dairy products, poultry and beef.", " Portugal's agriculture consists of small to medium-sized family-owned farms and larger export-oriented agrobusinesses. The country grows various crops such as tomatoes, citrus, vegetables, rice, corn, barley, olives, oilseeds, nuts, cherries, bilberry, grapes, mushrooms, and produces dairy products, poultry, and beef. Key companies include Grupo RARs Vitacress, Sovena, Lactogal, Vale da Rosa, Companhia das Lezírias, and Valouro.", 8)
('Traditionally a sea-power, Portugal has had a strong tradition in the Portuguese fishing sector and is one of the countries with the highest fish consumption per capita. The main landing sites in Portugal (including Azores and Madeira), according to total landings in weight by year, are the harbours of Matosinhos, Peniche, Olhão, Sesimbra, Figueira da Foz, Sines, Portimão and Madeira. Portuguese processed fish products are exported through several companies, under a number of different brands and registered trademarks, such as Ramirez (the world’s oldest active canned fish producer), Bom Petisco, Nero, Combate, Comur, General, Líder, Manná, Murtosa, Pescador, Pitéu, Tenório, Torreira and Vasco da Gama.[citation needed]', ' Portugal, known for its maritime history, has a significant fishing industry and high fish consumption. Major Portuguese harbors include Matosinhos, Peniche, Olhão, Sesimbra, Figueira da Foz, Sines, Portimão, and Madeira. Well-known Portuguese canned fish brands are Ramirez, Bom Petisco, Nero, Combate, Comur, General, Líder, Manná, Murtosa, Pescador, Pitéu, Tenório, Torreira, and Vasco da Gama.', 8)
("Portugal is a significant European minerals producer and is ranked among Europe's leading copper producers. The nation is also a notable producer of tin, tungsten and uranium. However, the country lacks the potential to conduct hydrocarbon exploration and aluminium, a limitation that has hindered the development of Portugal's mining and metallurgy sectors. Although the country has vast iron and coal reserves—mainly in the north—after the 1974 revolution and the consequent economic globalization, low competitiveness forced a decrease in the extraction activity for these minerals. The Panasqueira and Neves-Corvo mines are among the most recognised Portuguese mines that are still in operation.[citation needed]", ' Portugal is a major European minerals producer, known for copper, tin, tungsten, and uranium production. The country lacks hydrocarbon exploration capabilities and has decreased extraction activity for iron and coal due to economic reasons. Notable operating mines include Panasqueira and Neves-Corvo.', 8)
("Industry is diversified, ranging from automotive (Volkswagen Autoeuropa and Peugeot Citroen), aerospace (Embraer and OGMA), electronics and textiles, to food, chemicals, cement and wood pulp. Volkswagen Group's AutoEuropa motor vehicle assembly plant in Palmela is among the largest foreign direct investment projects in Portugal. Modern non-traditional technology-based industries, such as aerospace, biotechnology and information technology, have been developed in several locations across the country. Alverca, Covilhã, Évora, and Ponte de Sor are the main centres of the Portuguese aerospace industry, which is led by Brazil-based company Embraer and the Portuguese company OGMA. Following the turn of the 21st century, many major biotechnology and information technology industries have been founded, and are concentrated in the metropolitan areas of Lisbon, Porto, Braga, Coimbra and Aveiro.[citation needed]", " The Portuguese industry is diverse, including automotive (Volkswagen Autoeuropa and Peugeot Citroen), aerospace (Embraer and OGMA), electronics, textiles, food, chemicals, cement, and wood pulp. Volkswagen's AutoEuropa plant in Palmela is a significant foreign direct investment. Aerospace industry centers are in Alverca, Covilhã, Évora, and Ponte de Sor, led by Embraer and OGMA. Biotechnology and information technology industries have developed since the turn of the 21st century, primarily in Lisbon, Porto, Braga, Coimbra, and Aveiro.", 8)
('Travel and tourism continue to be extremely important for Portugal, with visitor numbers forecast to increase significantly in the future.[citation needed] However, the increasing competition from Eastern European destinations continues to develop, with the presence of similar attractions that are often cheaper in countries such as Croatia. Consequently, it has been necessary for the country to focus upon its niche attractions, such as health, nature and rural tourism, to stay ahead of its competitors.', " Portugal's travel and tourism industry anticipates a significant growth in visitors. However, competition from cheaper Eastern European destinations, like Croatia, with similar attractions, necessitates a focus on niche markets such as health, nature, and rural tourism for Portugal to differentiate itself.", 8)
('The poor performance of the Portuguese economy was explored in April 2007 by The Economist, which described Portugal as "a new sick man of Europe". From 2002 to 2007, the number of unemployed increased by 65% (270,500 unemployed citizens in 2002, 448,600 unemployed citizens in 2007). By early December 2009, the unemployment rate had reached 10.2% – a 23-year record high. In December 2009, ratings agency Standard & Poor\'s lowered its long-term credit assessment of Portugal to "negative" from "stable," voicing pessimism on the country\'s structural weaknesses in the economy and weak competitiveness that would hamper growth and the capacity to strengthen its public finances and reduce debt. In July 2011, ratings agency Moody\'s downgraded its long-term credit assessment of Portugal after warning of deteriorating risk of default in March 2011.', " The Portuguese economy experienced a significant increase in unemployment from 2002 to 2007, with an additional 178,100 unemployed citizens during that period. Unemployment reached a record high of 10.2% in December 2009. In December 2009 and March 2011, ratings agencies Standard & Poors and Moodys lowered Portugal's long-term credit assessments due to economic weaknesses and concerns over the country's ability to reduce debt.", 5)
('On 6 April 2011, after his proposed "Plan for Stability and Growth IV" (PEC IV) was rejected by the Parliament, Prime Minister José Sócrates announced on national television that the country would request financial assistance from the IMF and the European Financial Stability Facility, as Greece and the Republic of Ireland had done previously. It was the third time that the Portuguese government had requested external financial aid from the IMF—the first occasion occurred in the late 1970s following the Carnation\'s Revolution. In October 2011, Moody\'s Investor Services downgraded nine Portuguese banks due to financial weakness.', " In April 2011, Prime Minister José Sócrates announced Portugal would seek financial aid from the IMF and European Financial Stability Facility after his proposed plan was rejected by Parliament. This was the third time Portugal requested aid from the IMF, having done so in the late 1970s. In October 2011, Moody's downgraded nine Portuguese banks due to financial instability.", 8)
("In 2005, the number of public employees per thousand inhabitants in the Portuguese government (70.8) was above the European Union average (62.4 per thousand inhabitants). By EU and USA standards, Portugal's justice system was internationally known as being slow and inefficient, and by 2011 it was the second slowest in Western Europe (after Italy); conversely, Portugal has one of the highest rates of judges and prosecutors—over 30 per 100,000 people. The entire Portuguese public service has been known for its mismanagement, useless redundancies, waste, excess of bureaucracy and a general lack of productivity in certain sectors, particularly in justice.", ' In 2005, Portugal had more public employees per thousand inhabitants (70.8) than the EU average (62.4), despite an inefficient justice system, which was the second slowest in Western Europe by 2011. Portugal had a high number of judges and prosecutors (over 30 per 100,000 people), but the entire public sector was criticized for mismanagement, redundancies, waste, and excess bureaucracy, particularly in the justice system.', 8)
('In the first week of May 2013, Prime Minister Passos Coelho announced a significant government plan for the public sector, whereby 30,000 jobs will be cut and the number of weekly working hours will be increased from 35 to 40 hours. Coelho reaffirmed the announcement by explaining that austerity measures are necessary if Portugal seeks to avoid another monetary bailout grant from the European Commission, European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund—the overall plan intends to enact further cuts of €4.8 billion over a three-year period.', ' Prime Minister Passos Coelho announces plan to cut 30,000 public jobs and increase weekly working hours from 35 to 40 hours. Austerity measures intended to prevent another bailout grant worth €4.8 billion over three years.', 8)
("Passos Coelho also announced that the retirement age will be increased from 65 to 66, announced cuts in the pensions, unemployment benefits, health, education and science expenses, abolished the English obligatory classes in Basic Education, but kept the pensions of the judges, diplomats untouched and didn't raise the retirement age of the military and police forces. He has, however, cut meaningfully the politicians salaries. These policies have led to social unrest and to confrontations between several institutions, namely between the Government and the Constitutional Court. Several individualities belonging to the parties that support the government have also raised their voices against the policies that have been taken in order to try to solve the financial crisis.", " Passos Coelho announced retirement age increase to 66, cut pensions, unemployment benefits, health, education, and science expenses, abolished English classes in Basic Education, kept pensions of judges and diplomats, and cut politicians' salaries. These policies led to social unrest and confrontations between the Government and the Constitutional Court, with some government supporters speaking out against the financial crisis solutions.", 8)
('After years of high increase, the unemployment in Portugal has been in a continuous falling trend since the third quarter of 2014, decreasing from a peak of 17.7% achieved in the early 2013 to a rate of 11.9% in the second quarter of 2015. However, it is high still high compared with what was the normal average Portuguese unemployment rate in the past. In the second quarter of 2008 the unemployment rate was 7.3%, but the rate immediately rose the following period. By December 2009, unemployment had surpassed the 10% mark nationwide in the wake of worldwide events, by 2010, the rate was around 11% and in 2011 it was above 12%.[citation needed] The first quarter of 2013 signified a new unemployment rate record for Portugal, as it reached 17.7%— up from 17% in the previous quarter — and the Government has predicted an 18.5% unemployment rate in 2014. However, in the third quarter of the same year, it has surprisingly declined to a rate of 15.6%. From then on, the unemployment downtrend continued, declining to 13.9% in the second semester of 2014 and to 11.9% in the second quarter of 2015.', ' Unemployment in Portugal decreased from a peak of 17.7% in Q1 2013 to 11.9% in Q2 2015. However, it remains higher than historical averages, such as the 7.3% rate in Q2 2008. Unemployment rose above 10% in late 2009 and surpassed 12% in 2011. The government predicted 18.5% unemployment in 2014, but it declined to 15.6% in Q3 and continued to decrease to 11.9% in Q2 2015.', 8)
("Tourist hotspots in Portugal are Lisbon, Algarve, Madeira, Porto and the city of Coimbra, also, between 4-5 million religious pilgrims visit Fátima each year, where apparitions of the Blessed Virgin Mary to three shepherd children reportedly took place in 1917. The Sanctuary of Fátima is one of the largest Roman Catholic shrines in the world. The Portuguese government continues to promote and develop new tourist destinations, such as the Douro Valley, the island of Porto Santo, and Alentejo. Lisbon is the 16th European city which attracts the most tourists (with seven million tourists occupying the city's hotels in 2006, a number that grew 11.8% compared to previous year). Lisbon in recent years surpassed the Algarve as the leading tourist region in Portugal. Porto and Northern Portugal, especially the urban areas north of Douro River valley, was the tourist destination which grew most (11.9%) in 2006, surpassing Madeira (in 2010), as the third most visited destination.[citation needed]", " Portugal's popular tourist destinations include Lisbon, Algarve, Madeira, Porto, and Fátima, where 4-5 million religious pilgrims visit annually. The Sanctuary of Fátima is a major Roman Catholic shrine. The Portuguese government is promoting new tourist destinations such as Douro Valley, Porto Santo, and Alentejo. In 2006, Lisbon attracted seven million tourists, surpassing Algarve as the leading tourist region. Porto and Northern Portugal saw the greatest tourist growth (11.9%).", 7)
("By the early 1970s Portugal's fast economic growth with increasing consumption and purchase of new automobiles set the priority for improvements in transportation. Again in the 1990s, after joining the European Economic Community, the country built many new motorways. Today, the country has a 68,732 km (42,708 mi) road network, of which almost 3,000 km (1,864 mi) are part of system of 44 motorways. Opened in 1944, the first motorway (which linked Lisbon to the National Stadium) was an innovative project that made Portugal among one of the first countries in the world to establish a motorway (this roadway eventually became the Lisbon-Cascais highway, or A5). But, although a few other tracts were created (around 1960 and 1970), it was only after the beginning of the 1980s that large-scale motorway construction was implemented. In 1972, Brisa, the highway concessionaire, was founded to handle the management of many of the regions motorways. On many highways, toll needs to be paid, see Via Verde. Vasco da Gama bridge is the longest bridge in Europe.", " Portugal established one of the world's first motorways in the 1940s, linking Lisbon to the National Stadium. Few other motorways were built until the 1980s. In the 1970s and 1990s, Portugal expanded its road network significantly, building over 3,000 km (1,864 mi) of motorways. Brisa, the highway concessionaire, was founded in 1972 to manage many of the regions motorways. Tolls are required on many highways, and the Vasco da Gama bridge is Europe's longest bridge. Portugal now has a total road network of 68,732 km (42,708 mi).", 7)
("Continental Portugal's 89,015 km2 (34,369 sq mi) territory is serviced by four international airports located near the principal cities of Lisbon, Porto, Faro and Beja. Lisbon's geographical position makes it a stopover for many foreign airlines at several airports within the country. The primary flag-carrier is TAP Portugal, although many other domestic airlines provide services within and without the country. The government decided to build a new airport outside Lisbon, in Alcochete, to replace Lisbon Portela Airport, though this plan has been stalled due to the austerity. Currently, the most important airports are in Lisbon, Porto, Faro, Funchal (Madeira), and Ponta Delgada (Azores), managed by the national airport authority group ANA – Aeroportos de Portugal.", " Continental Portugal's four international airports are located in Lisbon, Porto, Faro, and Beja. Lisbon is a popular stopover for foreign airlines. TAP Portugal is the primary flag-carrier, with other domestic airlines also operating. The government planned to build a new airport in Alcochete to replace Lisbon Portela Airport, but the project has been halted due to austerity measures. The most significant airports are in Lisbon, Porto, Faro, Funchal (Madeira), and Ponta Delgada (Azores), managed by ANA – Aeroportos de Portugal.", 7)
('A national railway system that extends throughout the country and into Spain, is supported and administered by Comboios de Portugal. Rail transport of passengers and goods is derived using the 2,791 km (1,734 mi) of railway lines currently in service, of which 1,430 km (889 mi) are electrified and about 900 km (559 mi) allow train speeds greater than 120 km/h (75 mph). The railway network is managed by the REFER while the transport of passengers and goods are the responsibility of Comboios de Portugal (CP), both public companies. In 2006 the CP carried 133 million passengers and 9,750,000 t (9,600,000 long tons; 10,700,000 short tons) of goods.', " Comboios de Portugal manages and operates Portugal's national railway system, which includes 2,791 km of railway lines, 1,430 km of which are electrified and can support train speeds over 120 km/h. The railway network is overseen by REFER, while CP handles passenger and freight transport. In 2006, CP transported 133 million passengers and 9.75 million metric tons of goods.", 8)
('The two largest metropolitan areas have subway systems: Lisbon Metro and Metro Sul do Tejo in the Lisbon Metropolitan Area and Porto Metro in the Porto Metropolitan Area, each with more than 35 km (22 mi) of lines. In Portugal, Lisbon tram services have been supplied by the Companhia de Carris de Ferro de Lisboa (Carris), for over a century. In Porto, a tram network, of which only a tourist line on the shores of the Douro remain, began construction on 12 September 1895 (a first for the Iberian Peninsula). All major cities and towns have their own local urban transport network, as well as taxi services.', " The Lisbon Metropolitan Area and Porto Metropolitan Area in Portugal each have extensive subway systems, with over 35 km (22 mi) of lines. Tram services in Lisbon have been provided by Carris for over a century, while Porto's tram network began construction in 1895. All major Portuguese cities and towns offer local urban transport networks and taxi services.", 7)
("Scientific and technological research activities in Portugal are mainly conducted within a network of R&D units belonging to public universities and state-managed autonomous research institutions like the INETI – Instituto Nacional de Engenharia, Tecnologia e Inovação and the INRB – Instituto Nacional dos Recursos Biológicos. The funding and management of this research system is mainly conducted under the authority of the Ministry of Science, Technology and Higher Education (MCTES) itself and the MCTES's Fundação para a Ciência e Tecnologia (FCT). The largest R&D units of the public universities by volume of research grants and peer-reviewed publications, include biosciences research institutions like the Instituto de Medicina Molecular, the Centre for Neuroscience and Cell Biology, the IPATIMUP, the Instituto de Biologia Molecular e Celular and the Abel Salazar Biomedical Sciences Institute.", ' Research activities in Portugal are primarily carried out in R&D units of public universities and autonomous institutions like INETI and INRB. Funding and management are overseen by the Ministry of Science, Technology and Higher Education (MCTES) and its Foundation for Science and Technology (FCT). Notable research units are Instituto de Medicina Molecular, Centre for Neuroscience and Cell Biology, IPATIMUP, Instituto de Biologia Molecular e Celular, and Abel Salazar Biomedical Sciences Institute, focusing on biosciences.', 8)
('Among the largest non-state-run research institutions in Portugal are the Instituto Gulbenkian de Ciência and the Champalimaud Foundation, a neuroscience and oncology research centre, which in addition awards every year one of the highest monetary prizes of any science prize in the world. A number of both national and multinational high-tech and industrial companies, are also responsible for research and development projects. One of the oldest learned societies of Portugal is the Sciences Academy of Lisbon, founded in 1779.', ' The Instituto Gulbenkian de Ciência and Champalimaud Foundation are notable research institutions in Portugal, known for neuroscience and oncology research and offering high monetary prizes. Multinational and national companies contribute to research and development projects. The Sciences Academy of Lisbon, established in 1779, is an old learned society in Portugal.', 8)
('Portugal has the largest aquarium in Europe, the Lisbon Oceanarium, and the Portuguese have several other notable organizations focused on science-related exhibits and divulgation, like the state agency Ciência Viva, a programme of the Portuguese Ministry of Science and Technology to the promotion of a scientific and technological culture among the Portuguese population, the Science Museum of the University of Coimbra, the National Museum of Natural History at the University of Lisbon, and the Visionarium.', " Portugal is home to Europe's largest aquarium, the Lisbon Oceanarium. The country also has several science-focused organizations including Ciência Viva (a science and technology promotion agency), the Science Museum of the University of Coimbra, the National Museum of Natural History at the University of Lisbon, and the Visionarium.", 8)
('With the emergence and growth of several science parks throughout the world that helped create many thousands of scientific, technological and knowledge-based businesses, Portugal started to develop several science parks across the country. These include the Taguspark (in Oeiras), the Coimbra iParque (in Coimbra), the biocant (in Cantanhede), the Madeira Tecnopolo (in Funchal), Sines Tecnopolo (in Sines), Tecmaia (in Maia) and Parkurbis (in Covilhã). Companies locate in the Portuguese science parks to take advantage of a variety of services ranging from financial and legal advice through to marketing and technological support.', ' Portugal established several science parks - Taguspark (Oeiras), Coimbra iParque (Coimbra), biocant (Cantanhede), Madeira Tecnopolo (Funchal), Sines Tecnopolo (Sines), Tecmaia (Maia), and Parkurbis (Covilhã) - offering businesses financial, legal, marketing, and technological support.', 8)
("Portugal has considerable resources of wind and river power, the two most cost-effective renewable sources. Since the turn of the 21st century, there has been a trend towards the development of a renewable resource industry and reduction of both consumption and use of fossil fuel resources. In 2006, the world's largest solar power plant at that date, the Moura Photovoltaic Power Station, began operating near Moura, in the south, while the world's first commercial wave power farm, the Aguçadoura Wave Farm, opened in the Norte region (2008). By the end of 2006, 66% of the country's electrical production was from coal and fuel power plants, while 29% were derived from hydroelectric dams, and 6% by wind energy.", " Portugal has a significant amount of wind and river power resources. Since the beginning of the 21st century, there has been a focus on developing renewable energy sources and decreasing the use of fossil fuels. In 2006, the largest solar power plant at that time, the Moura Photovoltaic Power Station, started operating, and the first commercial wave power farm, the Aguçadoura Wave Farm, opened. By the end of 2006, 66% of Portugal's electrical production came from coal and fuel power plants, 29% from hydroelectric dams, and 6% from wind energy.", 8)
('Portugal’s national energy transmission company, Redes Energéticas Nacionais (REN), uses sophisticated modeling to predict weather, especially wind patterns, and computer programs to calculate energy from the various renewable-energy plants. Before the solar/wind revolution, Portugal had generated electricity from hydropower plants on its rivers for decades. New programs combine wind and water: wind-driven turbines pump water uphill at night, the most blustery period; then the water flows downhill by day, generating electricity, when consumer demand is highest. Portugal’s distribution system is also now a two-way street. Instead of just delivering electricity, it draws electricity from even the smallest generators, like rooftop solar panels. The government aggressively encouraged such contributions by setting a premium price for those who buy rooftop-generated solar electricity.', " Portugal's energy transmission company, REN, uses advanced technology to predict weather and calculate renewable energy from wind and solar plants. Portugal previously relied on hydropower for electricity generation. New programs combine wind and water, with wind turbines pumping water uphill at night and generating electricity during the day. Portugal's distribution system now allows for two-way flow, buying electricity from small generators like rooftop solar panels, which the government encourages with a high purchase price.", 8)
('The Statistics Portugal (Portuguese: INE - Instituto Nacional de Estatística) estimates that, according to the 2011 census, the population was 10,562,178 (of which 52% was female, 48% was male). This population has been relatively homogeneous for most of its history: a single religion (Catholicism) and a single language have contributed to this ethnic and national unity, namely after the expulsion of the Moors and Jews. A considerable number of Moors and Jews, nevertheless, stayed in Portugal, under the condition that they converted to Catholicism, and afterwards they were known as Mouriscos (former Muslims) and Cristãos Novos (New Christians or former Jews) some of whom may have continued to observe rabbinic Judaism in secret, as in the case of the secret Jews of Belmonte, who now observe the Jewish faith openly. After 1772 the distinction between Old and New Christians was abolished by decree. Some famous Portuguese New Christians were the mathematician Pedro Nunes and the physician and naturalist Garcia de Orta.', " The 2011 census reported a population of 10,562,178 in Portugal, with 52% being female and 48% male. Portugal's population has historically been homogeneous, with a single religion (Catholicism) and language. Some Moors and Jews remained after their expulsion and converted to Catholicism, becoming known as Mouriscos and Cristãos Novos. The distinction between Old and New Christians was abolished in 1772. Notable Portuguese New Christians include mathematician Pedro Nunes and physician and naturalist Garcia de Orta.", 8)
('The most important demographic influence in the modern Portuguese seems to be the oldest one; current interpretation of Y-chromosome and mtDNA data suggests that the Portuguese have their origin in Paleolithic peoples that began arriving to the European continent around 45,000 years ago. All subsequent migrations did leave an impact, genetically and culturally, but the main population source of the Portuguese is still Paleolithic. Genetic studies show Portuguese populations not to be significantly different from other European populations.', " The Portuguese population's genetic origins can be traced back to Paleolithic peoples who arrived in Europe around 45,000 years ago. Subsequent migrations influenced both genetically and culturally, but the main population source remains Paleolithic. Genetic studies indicate that Portuguese populations are similar to other European populations.", 8)
("Portugal's colonial history has long since been a cornerstone of its national identity, as has its geographic position at the south-western corner of Europe, looking out into the Atlantic Ocean. It was one of the last western colonial European powers to give up its overseas territories (among them Angola and Mozambique in 1975), turning over the administration of Macau to the People's Republic of China at the end of 1999. Consequently, it has both influenced and been influenced by cultures from former colonies or dependencies, resulting in immigration from these former territories for both economic and/or personal reasons. Portugal, long a country of emigration (the vast majority of Brazilians have Portuguese ancestry), has now become a country of net immigration, and not just from the last Indian (Portuguese until 1961), African (Portuguese until 1975), and Far East Asian (Portuguese until 1999) overseas territories. An estimated 800,000 Portuguese returned to Portugal as the country's African possessions gained independence in 1975. By 2007, Portugal had 10,617,575 inhabitants of whom about 332,137 were legal immigrants.", " Portugal's colonial history, particularly in Africa and Asia, has shaped its national identity and led to immigration from former territories. Portugal, once a country of emigration, is now experiencing net immigration. Approximately 800,000 Portuguese returned to Portugal when its African possessions gained independence in 1975. By 2007, Portugal had 10.6 million inhabitants, with about 332,000 being legal immigrants.", 8)
("According to the 2011 Census, 81.0% of the Portuguese population are Roman Catholic. The country has small Protestant, Latter-day Saint, Muslim, Hindu, Sikh, Eastern Orthodox Church, Jehovah's Witnesses, Baha'i, Buddhist, Jewish and Spiritist communities. Influences from African Traditional Religion and Chinese Traditional Religion are also felt among many people, particularly in fields related with Traditional Chinese Medicine and African Witch Doctors. Some 6.8% of the population declared themselves to be non-religious, and 8.3% did not give any answer about their religion.", " The 2011 Census reported that 81.0% of the Portuguese population are Roman Catholic. There are small communities of Protestants, Latter-day Saints, Muslims, Hindus, Sikhs, Eastern Orthodox Church members, Jehovah's Witnesses, Bahais, Buddhists, Jews, and Spiritists. Influences from African Traditional Religion and Chinese Traditional Religion are present among some people. Approximately 6.8% of the population identified as non-religious, and 8.3% did not answer about their religious affiliation.", 9)
('Many Portuguese holidays, festivals and traditions have a Christian origin or connotation. Although relations between the Portuguese state and the Roman Catholic Church were generally amiable and stable since the earliest years of the Portuguese nation, their relative power fluctuated. In the 13th and 14th centuries, the church enjoyed both riches and power stemming from its role in the reconquest, its close identification with early Portuguese nationalism and the foundation of the Portuguese educational system, including the first university. The growth of the Portuguese overseas empire made its missionaries important agents of colonization, with important roles in the education and evangelization of people from all the inhabited continents. The growth of liberal and nascent republican movements during the eras leading to the formation of the First Portuguese Republic (1910–26) changed the role and importance of organized religion.', ' Portuguese holidays and traditions often have Christian origins. The church held wealth and power during the 13th and 14th centuries due to its role in the reconquest, identification with Portuguese nationalism, and establishment of the first university. Missionaries played significant roles in colonization and education during the growth of the Portuguese overseas empire. The influence of the church declined during the liberal and republican movements leading to the First Portuguese Republic (1910–26).', 8)
('Within the white inescutcheon, the five quinas (small blue shields) with their five white bezants representing the five wounds of Christ (Portuguese: Cinco Chagas) when crucified and are popularly associated with the "Miracle of Ourique". The story associated with this miracle tells that before the Battle of Ourique (25 July 1139), an old hermit appeared before Count Afonso Henriques (future Afonso I) as a divine messenger. He foretold Afonso\'s victory and assured him that God was watching over him and his peers. The messenger advised him to walk away from his camp, alone, if he heard a nearby chapel bell tolling, in the following night. In doing so, he witnessed an apparition of Jesus on the cross. Ecstatic, Afonso heard Jesus promising victories for the coming battles, as well as God\'s wish to act through Afonso, and his descendants, in order to create an empire which would carry His name to unknown lands, thus choosing the Portuguese to perform great tasks.', ' The Portuguese coat of arms features five blue shields (quinas) with white centers (bezants) representing the five wounds of Christ, associated with the "Miracle of Ourique." In this miracle, Count Afonso Henriques received a divine message before the Battle of Ourique in 1139. An old hermit foretold his victory and advised him to leave his camp if he heard a chapel bell. Afonso witnessed an apparition of Jesus on the cross, who promised him victories and the creation of an empire carrying God\'s name to new lands, choosing the Portuguese for great tasks.', 8)
('Portuguese is the official language of Portugal. Portuguese is a Romance language that originated in what is now Galicia and Northern Portugal, originating from Galician-Portuguese, which was the common language of the Galician and Portuguese people until the independence of Portugal. Particularly in the North of Portugal, there are still many similarities between the Galician culture and the Portuguese culture. Galicia is a consultative observer of the Community of Portuguese Language Countries. According to the Ethnologue of Languages, Portuguese and Spanish have a lexical similarity of 89% - educated speakers of each language can communicate easily with one another.', ' Portuguese is the official language of Portugal, originating in Galicia and Northern Portugal with significant similarities to Galician culture. Portuguese and Spanish share a 89% lexical similarity, making communication between educated speakers of both languages relatively easy. Galicia is an observer in the Community of Portuguese Language Countries.', 7)
