('Prior to its UK release, Spectre mostly received positive reviews. Mark Kermode, writing in The Guardian, gave the film four out of five stars, observing that the film did not live up to the standard set by Skyfall, but was able to tap into audience expectations. Writing in the same publication, Peter Bradshaw gave the film a full five stars, calling it "inventive, intelligent and complex", and singling out Craig\'s performance as the film\'s highlight. In another five star review, The Daily Telegraph\'s Robbie Collin described Spectre as "a swaggering show of confidence\'", lauding it as "a feat of pure cinematic necromancy." In an otherwise positive, but overall less enthusiastic review, IGN\'s Chris Tilly considered Spectre "solid if unspectacular", and gave the film a 7.2 score (out of a possible 10), saying that "the film falls frustratingly short of greatness."', "The given text does not contain any specific technical term or jargon that requires a specialized translation. The translation below is based on standard French language usage.Text: Ce texte donné ne contient pas de termes techniques ou jargon spécifiques qui requièrent une traduction spécialisée. La traduction suivante est faite en prenant en compte l'usage standard de la langue française.Translation:This given text does not contain any specific technical terms or jargon that require a specialized translation. The following translation is based on standard French language usage.", 0.20936999, 0)
('Experts point out that the earthquake hit an area that has been largely neglected and untouched by China\'s economic rise. Health care is poor in inland areas such as Sichuan, highlighting the widening gap between prosperous urban dwellers and struggling rural people. Vice Minister of Health Gao Qiang told reporters in Beijing that the "public health care system in China is insufficient." The Vice Minister of Health also suggested that the government would pick up the costs of care to earthquake victims, many of whom have little or no insurance: "The government should be responsible for providing medical treatment to them," he said.', ' "The government should assume responsibility for providing medical treatment to them."', 0.40397003, 1)
("Democratic Party candidates were consistently elected to local office, increasing the city's ties to the South and its dominant party. In 1861, Mayor Fernando Wood called on the aldermen to declare independence from Albany and the United States after the South seceded, but his proposal was not acted on. Anger at new military conscription laws during the American Civil War (1861–1865), which spared wealthier men who could afford to pay a $300 (equivalent to $5,766 in 2016) commutation fee to hire a substitute, led to the Draft Riots of 1863, whose most visible participants were ethnic Irish working class. The situation deteriorated into attacks on New York's elite, followed by attacks on black New Yorkers and their property after fierce competition for a decade between Irish immigrants and blacks for work. Rioters burned the Colored Orphan Asylum to the ground, but more than 200 children escaped harm due to efforts of the New York City Police Department, which was mainly made up of Irish immigrants. According to historian James M. McPherson (2001), at least 120 people were killed. In all, eleven black men were lynched over five days, and the riots forced hundreds of blacks to flee the city for Williamsburg, Brooklyn, as well as New Jersey; the black population in Manhattan fell below 10,000 by 1865, which it had last been in 1820. The white working class had established dominance. Violence by longshoremen against black men was especially fierce in the docks area. It was one of the worst incidents of civil unrest in American history.", "Les candidats du Parti démocrate ont été régulièrement élus aux postes locaux, renforçant les liens de la ville avec le Sud et son parti majoritaire. En 1861, le maire Fernando Wood a appelé les aldermen à déclarer l'indépendance de Albany et des États-Unis après que le Sud s'est séparé, mais sa proposition n'a pas été mise en œuvre. La colère envers les nouvelles lois de conscription militaire pendant la Guerre civile américaine (1861–1865), qui épargnaient les hommes aisés qui pouvaient se permettre de payer une commission de $300 (équivalent à 5 766 $ en 2016) pour engager un remplaçant, ont entraîné les émeutes de 1863. Les participants les plus visibles étaient les travailleurs irlandais de classe ouvrière. La situation s'est détériorée en attaques contre l'élite new-yorkaise, suivies d'attaques contre les New-Yorkais noirs et leurs biens après une décennie de concurrence féroce entre les immigrants irlandais et les Noirs pour le travail. Les émeutiers ont incendié l'Asile des Orphelins Coloriés jusqu'au sol, mais plus de 200 enfants ont échappé à tout dommage grâce aux efforts de la Police de la Ville de New York, qui était principalement composée d'immigrants irlandais. Selon le historien James M. McPherson (2001), au moins 120 personnes ont été tuées. En tout, onze hommes noirs ont été lynchés durant cinq jours, et les émeutes ont forcé des centaines de Noirs à fuir la ville vers Williamsburg, Brooklyn, ainsi que vers le New Jersey ; la population noire à Manhattan est tombée en dessous de 10 000 en 1865, ce qu'elle n'avait plus été en 1820. La classe ouvrière blanche avait établi la domination. La violence des longueurs de quai contre les hommes noirs était particulièrement violente dans la zone des quais. C'était l'un des pires incidents d'agitation civile de l'", 0.5791636, 1)
('Antibacterial antibiotics are commonly classified based on their mechanism of action, chemical structure, or spectrum of activity. Most target bacterial functions or growth processes. Those that target the bacterial cell wall (penicillins and cephalosporins) or the cell membrane (polymyxins), or interfere with essential bacterial enzymes (rifamycins, lipiarmycins, quinolones, and sulfonamides) have bactericidal activities. Those that target protein synthesis (macrolides, lincosamides and tetracyclines) are usually bacteriostatic (with the exception of bactericidal aminoglycosides). Further categorization is based on their target specificity. "Narrow-spectrum" antibacterial antibiotics target specific types of bacteria, such as Gram-negative or Gram-positive bacteria, whereas broad-spectrum antibiotics affect a wide range of bacteria. Following a 40-year hiatus in discovering new classes of antibacterial compounds, four new classes of antibacterial antibiotics have been brought into clinical use in the late 2000s and early 2010s: cyclic lipopeptides (such as daptomycin), glycylcyclines (such as tigecycline), oxazolidinones (such as linezolid), and lipiarmycins (such as fidaxomicin).', ' cyclic lipopeptides (such as daptomycin), glycylines (such as tigecycline), oxazolidinones (such as linezolid), and lipiarmycins (such as fidaxomicin).', 0.6355088, 0)
('About 30 people have been indicted for participating in genocide or complicity in genocide during the early 1990s in Bosnia. To date, after several plea bargains and some convictions that were successfully challenged on appeal two men, Vujadin Popović and Ljubiša Beara, have been found guilty of committing genocide, Zdravko Tolimir has been found guilty of committing genocide and conspiracy to commit genocide, and two others, Radislav Krstić and Drago Nikolić, have been found guilty of aiding and abetting genocide. Three others have been found guilty of participating in genocides in Bosnia by German courts, one of whom Nikola Jorgić lost an appeal against his conviction in the European Court of Human Rights. A further eight men, former members of the Bosnian Serb security forces were found guilty of genocide by the State Court of Bosnia and Herzegovina (See List of Bosnian genocide prosecutions).', ' List of genocide indictments in Bosnia).', 0.6446034, 0)
('One rescue team reported only 2,300 survivors from the town of Yingxiu in Wenchuan County, out of a total population of about 9,000. 3,000 to 5,000 people were killed in Beichuan County, Sichuan alone; in the same location, 10,000 people were injured and 80% of the buildings were destroyed. The old county seat of Beichuan was abandoned and preserved as part of the Beichuan Earthquake Museum. Eight schools were toppled in Dujiangyan. A 56-year-old was killed in Dujiangyan during a rescue attempt on the Lingyanshan Ropeway, where due to the earthquake 11 tourists from Taiwan had been trapped inside cable cars since May 13. A 4-year-old boy named Zhu Shaowei (traditional Chinese: 朱紹維; simplified Chinese: 朱绍维; pinyin: Zhū Shàowéi) was also killed in Mianzhu City when a house collapsed on him and another was reported missing.', ' zhū shàowéi) was also killed in Mianzhu when a house collapsed on him, and another person was reported missing.', 0.68617123, 0)
('Holy Cross Father John Francis O\'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934. During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H. Spearman, Jeremiah D. M. Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883. O\'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame. He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother. When St. Paul said: \'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,\' he included football."', ' "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for honor and glory of God and His Blessed Virgin Mary. When St. Paul said, \'Whatever you eat or drink, or whatever you do, do all for the glory of God,\' he understood football."', 0.82382953, 0)
('Van Praag states that the Ming court established diplomatic delegations with Tibet merely to secure urgently needed horses. Wang and Nyima argue that these were not diplomatic delegations at all, that Tibetan areas were ruled by the Ming since Tibetan leaders were granted positions as Ming officials, that horses were collected from Tibet as a mandatory "corvée" tax, and therefore Tibetans were "undertaking domestic affairs, not foreign diplomacy". Sperling writes that the Ming simultaneously bought horses in the Kham region while fighting Tibetan tribes in Amdo and receiving Tibetan embassies in Nanjing. He also argues that the embassies of Tibetan lamas visiting the Ming court were for the most part efforts to promote commercial transactions between the lamas\' large, wealthy entourage and Ming Chinese merchants and officials. Kolmaš writes that while the Ming maintained a laissez-faire policy towards Tibet and limited the numbers of the Tibetan retinues, the Tibetans sought to maintain a tributary relationship with the Ming because imperial patronage provided them with wealth and power. Laird writes that Tibetans eagerly sought Ming court invitations since the gifts the Tibetans received for bringing tribute were much greater in value than the latter. As for the Yongle Emperor\'s gifts to his Tibetan and Nepalese vassals such as silver wares, Buddha relics, utensils for Buddhist temples and religious ceremonies, and gowns and robes for monks, Tsai writes "in his effort to draw neighboring states to the Ming orbit so that he could bask in glory, the Yongle Emperor was quite willing to pay a small price". The Information Office of the State Council of the PRC lists the Tibetan tribute items as oxen, horses, camels, sheep, fur products, medical herbs, Tibetan incenses, thangkas (painted scrolls), and handicrafts; while the Ming awarded Tibetan tribute-bearers an equal value of gold, silver, satin and brocade, bolts of cloth, grains, and tea leaves. Silk workshops during the Ming also catered specifically to the Tibetan market with silk clothes and furnishings featuring Tibetan Buddhist iconography.', ' Van Praag states that the Ming court established diplomatic delegations in Tibet solely for the purpose of obtaining horses urgently. Wang and Nyima dispute that', 0.835598, 0)
('The Queensboro Bridge is an important piece of cantilever architecture. The Manhattan Bridge, Throgs Neck Bridge, Triborough Bridge, and Verrazano-Narrows Bridge are all examples of Structural Expressionism.', ' The Queensboro Bridge is an important circular arch structure. The Manhattan, Throgs Neck, Triborough, and Verrazano-Narrows bridges are all examples of Structural Expressionism. (Note: In English, "cantilever architecture" translates to "circular arch structure," and "Structural Expressionism" translates to "Structural Expressionism.")', 0.8604941, 1)
('Persistent heavy rain and landslides in Wenchuan County and the nearby area badly affected rescue efforts. At the start of rescue operations on May 12, 20 helicopters were deployed for the delivery of food, water, and emergency aid, and also the evacuation of the injured and reconnaissance of quake-stricken areas. By 17:37 CST on May 13, a total of over 15,600 troops and militia reservists from the Chengdu Military Region had joined the rescue force in the heavily affected areas. A commander reported from Yingxiu Town, Wenchuan, that around 3,000 survivors were found, while the status of the other inhabitants (around 9,000) remained unclear. The 1,300 rescuers reached the epicenter, and 300 pioneer troops reached the seat of Wenchuan at about 23:30 CST. By 12:17 CST, May 14, 2008, communication in the seat of Wenchuan was partly revived. On the afternoon of May 14, 15 Special Operations Troops, along with relief supplies and communications gear, parachuted into inaccessible Mao County, northeast of Wenchuan.', '37 CST on May 13, over 15,600 soldiers and military reservists from the Chengdu Military Region had joined the relief forces in the affected areas. A commander in Yingxiu, Wenchuan reported that approximately 3,000 survivors had been found, while the fate of other residents (around 9,000) remained uncertain. The 1,300 rescue teams had reached the epicenter, and 300 pioneer soldiers had reached the Wenchuan headquarters around 23:30 CST. By 12:17 CST on May 14, 2008, communication at the Wenchuan headquarters was partially restored. In the afternoon of May 14, 15 special troops, along with relief supplies and communication equipment, parachuted into the inaccessible Mao County, to the north-east of Wenchuan.', 0.8620751, 1)
('Diane McWhorter, Pulitzer Prize-winning historian of the Birmingham civil rights campaign, asserts that To Kill a Mockingbird condemns racism instead of racists, and states that every child in the South has moments of racial cognitive dissonance when they are faced with the harsh reality of inequality. This feeling causes them to question the beliefs with which they have been raised, which for many children is what the novel does. McWhorter writes of Lee, "for a white person from the South to write a book like this in the late 1950s is really unusual—by its very existence an act of protest."[note 4] Author James McBride calls Lee brilliant but stops short of calling her brave: "I think by calling Harper Lee brave you kind of absolve yourself of your own racism ... She certainly set the standards in terms of how these issues need to be discussed, but in many ways I feel ... the moral bar\'s been lowered. And that\'s really distressing. We need a thousand Atticus Finches." McBride, however, defends the book\'s sentimentality, and the way Lee approaches the story with "honesty and integrity".', ' "For a white Southerner to describe a book like this in the late 1950s is really unusual—by its very existence, it is a form of protest." Author James McBride considers her brilliant, but is hesitant to call her courageous: "I think by calling her courageous, you\'re letting yourself off the hook a bit... She set the standards for how these questions should be addressed, but many moral lines have been lowered. It\'s really disturbing. We need a thousand Atticus Finches." McBride, however, defends the sentiments of the work and Lee\'s approach to the story with "honesty and integrity".', 0.8882617, 1)
("Notre Dame alumni work in various fields. Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice. A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Medicine Nobel Prize winner Eric F. Wieschaus. A number of university heads are alumni, including Notre Dame's current president, the Rev. John Jenkins. Additionally, many alumni are in the media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm. With the university having high profile sports teams itself, a number of alumni went on to become involved in athletics outside the university, including professional baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley. Other notable alumni include prominent businessman Edward J. DeBartolo, Jr. and astronaut Jim Wetherbee.", ' Old Notre Dame students work in various fields. Active old students in political domains include governors, members of the US Congress, and US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice. A notable old student from the Science Faculty is Nobel Prize laureate in Medicine Eric F. Wieschaus. Moreover, several university presidents are old students, including the current president of Notre Dame, Father John Jenkins. In addition, a large number of old students are in the media, including talk-show hosts such as Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm. With a university having high-profile sports teams, a certain number of old students have pursued sports careers outside of the university, including baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy, and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley. Other notable old students include business magnate Edward J. DeBartolo, Jr. and astronaut Jim Wetherbee.', 0.8953841, 1)
('On May 15, 2008 Geoffery York of the Globeandmail.com reported that the shoddily constructed buildings are commonly called "tofu buildings" because builders cut corners by replacing steel rods with thin iron wires for concrete re-inforcement; using inferior grade cement, if any at all; and using fewer bricks than they should. One local was quoted in the article as saying that "the supervising agencies did not check to see if it met the national standards."', ' On May 15, 2008, Geoffrey York of the Globeandmail.com reported that poorly constructed buildings are commonly referred to as "tofu buildings" in China. Builders cut corners by replacing steel rods with thin iron wires for concrete reinforcement, using inferior grade cement, if any at all, and using fewer bricks than they should. A local was quoted in the article as saying, "the supervising agencies did not check to see if it met the national standards."', 0.90002114, 1)
("English is the official language in the state of Montana, as it is in many U.S. states. English is also the language of the majority. According to the 2000 U.S. Census, 94.8 percent of the population aged 5 and older speak English at home. Spanish is the language most commonly spoken at home other than English. There were about 13,040 Spanish-language speakers in the state (1.4 percent of the population) in 2011. There were also 15,438 (1.7 percent of the state population) speakers of Indo-European languages other than English or Spanish, 10,154 (1.1 percent) speakers of a Native American language, and 4,052 (0.4 percent) speakers of an Asian or Pacific Islander language. Other languages spoken in Montana (as of 2013) include Assiniboine (about 150 speakers in the Montana and Canada), Blackfoot (about 100 speakers), Cheyenne (about 1,700 speakers), Plains Cree (about 100 speakers), Crow (about 3,000 speakers), Dakota (about 18,800 speakers in Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, and South Dakota), German Hutterite (about 5,600 speakers), Gros Ventre (about 10 speakers), Kalispel-Pend d'Oreille (about 64 speakers), Kutenai (about 6 speakers), and Lakota (about 6,000 speakers in Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota). The United States Department of Education estimated in 2009 that 5,274 students in Montana spoke a language at home other than English. These included a Native American language (64 percent), German (4 percent), Spanish (3 percent), Russian (1 percent), and Chinese (less than 0.5 percent).", "French is the official language in the state of Montana, as is the case in many states in the United States. French is also the most commonly spoken language. According to the 2000 United States Census, 94.8 % of the population over 5 years old speak English at home. Spanish is the most frequently spoken language other than French. There were approximately 13,040 Spanish language speakers in the state (1.4 % of the state population) in 2011. There were also 15,438 (1.7 % of the state population) speakers of Indo-European languages other than French or Spanish, 10,154 (1.1 %) speakers of a Native American language, and 4,052 (0.4 %) speakers of an Asian or Pacific Island language. Other languages spoken in Montana (up to 2013) included Assiniboine (approximately 150 speakers in Montana and Canada), Blackfoot (approximately 100 speakers), Cheyenne (approximately 1,700 speakers), Plains Cree (approximately 100 speakers), Crow (approximately 3,000 speakers), Dakota (approximately 18,800 speakers in Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, and South Dakota), German-Hutterite (approximately 5,600 speakers), Gros Ventre (approximately 10 speakers), Kalispel-Pend d'Oreille (approximately 64 speakers), Kutenai (approximately 6 speakers), and Lakota (approximately 6,000 speakers in Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, and South Dakota). The United States Department of Education estimated in 2009 that 5,274 students in Montana spoke a language other than English at home. These included a Native American language (64 %), German (4 %), Spanish (3 %), Russian (1 %), and Chinese (less than 0.5 %).", 0.9036772, 0)
("Anthropology and many other current fields are the intellectual results of the comparative methods developed in the earlier 19th century. Theorists in such diverse fields as anatomy, linguistics, and Ethnology, making feature-by-feature comparisons of their subject matters, were beginning to suspect that similarities between animals, languages, and folkways were the result of processes or laws unknown to them then. For them, the publication of Charles Darwin's On the Origin of Species was the epiphany of everything they had begun to suspect. Darwin himself arrived at his conclusions through comparison of species he had seen in agronomy and in the wild.", ' Anthropology and many other fields are the intellectual results of comparative methods developed at the beginning of the 19th century. Theorists in fields as diverse as anatomy, linguistics, and ethnology were making character-by-character comparisons of their subjects of study. For them, the publication of Charles Darwin\'s work titled "Origin of Species" was an enlightenment of what they had begun to suspect. Darwin himself had reached his conclusions through the comparison of species he had observed in agriculture and in nature.', 0.90627897, 1)
('According to the official Twenty-Four Histories, the History of Ming compiled in 1739 by the subsequent Qing dynasty (1644–1912), the Ming dynasty established the "É-Lì-Sī Army-Civilian Marshal Office" (Chinese: 俄力思軍民元帥府) in western Tibet and installed the "Ü-Tsang Itinerant High Commandery" and "Amdo-Kham Itinerant High Commandery" to administer Kham. The Mingshi states that administrative offices were set up under these high commanderies, including one Itinerant Commandery, three Pacification Commissioner\'s Offices, six Expedition Commissioner\'s Offices, four Wanhu offices (myriarchies, in command of 10,000 households each) and seventeen Qianhu offices (chiliarchies, each in command of 1,000 households).', ' 俄力思軍民元帥府) in western Tibet and set up the "Itinerant Commanderies of U-Tsang" and "Amdo-Kham" to administer Kham. The Ming History indicates that administrative offices were set up under these itinerant commanderies, consisting of one itinerant commandery, three offices of Peace Commissioners, six offices of Expedition Commissioners, four myriarchies Wanhu (each commanding 10,000 households), and seventeen chiliarchies Qianhu (each commanding 1,000 households).', 0.90640336, 1)
('The late Turrell V. Wylie, a former professor of the University of Washington, and Li Tieh-tseng argue that the reliability of the heavily censored History of Ming as a credible source on Sino-Tibetan relations is questionable, in the light of modern scholarship. Other historians also assert that these Ming titles were nominal and did not actually confer the authority that the earlier Yuan titles had. Van Praag writes that the "numerous economically motivated Tibetan missions to the Ming Court are referred to as \'tributary missions\' in the Ming Shih." Van Praag writes that these "tributary missions" were simply prompted by China\'s need for horses from Tibet, since a viable horse market in Mongol lands was closed as a result of incessant conflict. Morris Rossabi also writes that "Tibet, which had extensive contacts with China during the Yuan, scarcely had diplomatic relations with the Ming."', ' The deceased Turrell V. Wylie, former professor at the University of Washington, and Li Tieh-tseng question the reliability of Ming History, considered a credible source on Sino-Tibetan relations, in light of modern research. Other historians also claim that the Ming titles were nominal and did not confer the authority that the Yuan titles had previously. Van Praag writes that "Tibetan tributary missions to the Ming Court" are mentioned in Ming History. Van Praag writes that these "tributary missions" were merely motivated by China\'s need for Tibetan horses, as the viable horse market in Mongolian lands was closed due to persistent conflicts. Morris Rossabi writes similarly that "Tibet, which had extensive contacts with China during the Yuan period, had almost no diplomatic relations with the Ming."', 0.90725625, 1)
('The New York City Charter School Center assists the setup of new charter schools. There are approximately 900 additional privately run secular and religious schools in the city.', ' The New York City Charter School Center provides assistance in creating new charter schools. There are approximately 900 additional schools, managed by individuals, secular, and religious entities, in the city. (Note: In English, "charter schools" can be translated as "charter schools" or "private management school establishments", depending on the specific context and preferred terminology. Here, I used "private management school establishments" to maintain consistency with the original English term.)', 0.9082677, 1)
('During the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period of China (907–960), while the fractured political realm of China saw no threat in a Tibet which was in just as much political disarray, there was little in the way of Sino-Tibetan relations. Few documents involving Sino-Tibetan contacts survive from the Song dynasty (960–1279). The Song were far more concerned with countering northern enemy states of the Khitan-ruled Liao dynasty (907–1125) and Jurchen-ruled Jin dynasty (1115–1234).', ' During the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period in China (907-960), when Chinese political reality did not consider Tibet, which was also in political chaos, a threat, there were few documents regarding Sino-Tibetan relations. The Song dynasty had few concerns about Sino-Tibetan contacts. The Song were much more concerned with the challenge from northern enemy states, the Khitan-ruled Liao dynasty (907-1125) and the Jurchen-ruled Jin dynasty (1115-1234).', 0.9088743, 1)
('(The Ms 6.1 earthquake on August 30, 2008 in southern Sichuan was not part of this series because it was caused by a different fault. See 2008 Panzhihua earthquake for details.)', ' A Magnitude 6.1 earthquake on August 30, 2008, in South-Sichuan was not part of this series as it was caused by a different fault. [Consult Panzhihua earthquake of 2008 for more details.]Note: In French, the earthquake magnitude is given in the Mw (Magnitude de moment) scale instead of the Ms (Magnitude de surface-wave) scale. However, for the purpose of this translation, I assumed that the given magnitude is in the Ms scale and translated accordingly. If the magnitude is actually in the Mw scale, the translation would be slightly different.', 0.9109541, 1)
("Mass transit in New York City, most of which runs 24 hours a day, accounts for one in every three users of mass transit in the United States, and two-thirds of the nation's rail riders live in the New York City Metropolitan Area.", ' Mass transportation in New York, which operates mostly 24/7, accounts for a third of mass transportation users in the United States, and two thirds of rail residents in the country reside in the New York Metropolitan Area.', 0.9128992, 1)
('A. Tom Grunfeld says that Tsongkhapa claimed ill health in his refusal to appear at the Ming court, while Rossabi adds that Tsongkhapa cited the "length and arduousness of the journey" to China as another reason not to make an appearance. This first request by the Ming was made in 1407, but the Ming court sent another embassy in 1413, this one led by the eunuch Hou Xian (候顯; fl. 1403–1427), which was again refused by Tsongkhapa. Rossabi writes that Tsongkhapa did not want to entirely alienate the Ming court, so he sent his disciple Chosrje Shākya Yeshes to Nanjing in 1414 on his behalf, and upon his arrival in 1415 the Yongle Emperor bestowed upon him the title of "State Teacher"—the same title earlier awarded the Phagmodrupa ruler of Tibet. The Xuande Emperor (r. 1425–1435) even granted this disciple Chosrje Shākya Yeshes the title of a "King" (王). This title does not appear to have held any practical meaning, or to have given its holder any power, at Tsongkhapa\'s Ganden Monastery. Wylie notes that this—like the Karma Kargyu—cannot be seen as a reappointment of Mongol Yuan offices, since the Gelug school was created after the fall of the Yuan dynasty.', ' A. Tom Grunfeld claims that Tsongkhapa justified his refusal to appear before the Ming tribunal with illness, and Rossabi adds that Tsongkhapa also invoked the "length and hardship of the journey" to China as another reason for not appearing. The first Ming request was made in 1407, but the Ming tribunal sent another embassy in 1413, led by eunuch Hou Xian (候顯; fl. 1403–1427), which was also refused by Tsongkhapa. Rossabi writes that Tsongkhapa did not want to completely alienate the Ming tribunal, so he sent his disciple Chosrje Shākya Yeshes to Nanjing in 1414 in his name. Upon his arrival in 1415, Emperor Yongle granted this disciple the title of "Master of State"—the same title that had been granted to the king of Tibet, Phagmodrupa, previously. Emperor Xuande (r. 1425–1435) even granted this disciple Chosrje Shākya Yeshes the title of "King" (王). This title does not seem to have had any practical significance or given its holder any power at the Ganden Monastery of Tsongkhapa. Wylie notes that this—like the Karma Kargyu—cannot be seen as a reappointment of Mongol Yuan offices, as the Gelug school was established after the fall of the Yuan dynasty.', 0.92304635, 1)
('Patricia Ebrey writes that Tibet, like Joseon Korea and other neighboring states to the Ming, settled for its tributary status while there were no troops or governors of Ming China stationed in its territory. Laird writes that "after the Mongol troops left Tibet, no Ming troops replaced them." Wang and Nyima state that, despite the fact that the Ming refrained from sending troops to subdue Tibet and refrained from garrisoning Ming troops there, these measures were unnecessary so long as the Ming court upheld close ties with Tibetan vassals and their forces. However, there were instances in the 14th century when the Hongwu Emperor did use military force to quell unrest in Tibet. John D. Langlois writes that there was unrest in Tibet and western Sichuan, which the Marquis Mu Ying (沐英) was commissioned to quell in November 1378 after he established a Taozhou garrison in Gansu. Langlois notes that by October 1379, Mu Ying had allegedly captured 30,000 Tibetan prisoners and 200,000 domesticated animals. Yet invasion went both ways; the Ming general Qu Neng, under the command of Lan Yu, was ordered to repel a Tibetan assault into Sichuan in 1390.', 'Patricia Ebrey states that Tibet, similar to Joseon Korea and other adjacent states to the Ming, accepted its tributary status without Chinese troops or governors being present in its territory. Laird mentions that "after the Mongol troops departed from Tibet, no Ming troops took their place." Wang and Nyima note that, despite this, the Tibetans were still able to maintain their relations with the Ming dynasty, despite the absence of Chinese military presence.', 0.9250035, 1)
('Josef Kolmaš, a sinologist, Tibetologist, and Professor of Oriental Studies at the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic, writes that it was during the Qing dynasty "that developments took place on the basis of which Tibet came to be considered an organic part of China, both practically and theoretically subject to the Chinese central government." Yet he states that this was a radical change in regards to all previous eras of Sino-Tibetan relations.', 'Josef Kolmas, a sinologist, Tibetan specialist, and Professor of Oriental Studies at the Czech Academy of Sciences, writes that during the Qing Dynasty "there were developments that led to Tibet being considered an organic part of China, under the practical and theoretical power of the central Chinese government." However, he specifies that this represents a radical break from all previous periods of Sino-Tibetan relations.', 0.92586136, 1)
('Throughout the following month, the Yongle Emperor and his court showered the Karmapa with presents. At Linggu Temple in Nanjing, he presided over the religious ceremonies for the Yongle Emperor\'s deceased parents, while twenty-two days of his stay were marked by religious miracles that were recorded in five languages on a gigantic scroll that bore the Emperor\'s seal. During his stay in Nanjing, Deshin Shekpa was bestowed the title "Great Treasure Prince of Dharma" by the Yongle Emperor. Elliot Sperling asserts that the Yongle Emperor, in bestowing Deshin Shekpa with the title of "King" and praising his mystical abilities and miracles, was trying to build an alliance with the Karmapa as the Mongols had with the Sakya lamas, but Deshin Shekpa rejected the Yongle Emperor\'s offer. In fact, this was the same title that Kublai Khan had offered the Sakya Phagpa lama, but Deshin Shekpa persuaded the Yongle Emperor to grant the title to religious leaders of other Tibetan Buddhist sects.', ' During the following month, Emperor Yongle and his court presented numerous gifts to the Karmapa. At Linggu Temple in Nanking, he presided over religious ceremonies in honor of the deceased parents of Emperor Yongle. During his stay in Nanking, Deshin Shekpa was invested with the title of "Prince Treasurer of the Law" by Emperor Yongle. According to Elliot Sperling, Emperor Yongle, by granting him this title and praising his mystical abilities and miracles, sought to forge an alliance with the Karmapa, as the Mongols had done with the Sakya lamas, but Deshin Shekpa refused the offer of Emperor Yongle. In reality, it was the same title that Kubla Khan had offered to the Sakya lama Sakya Phagpa, but Deshin Shekpa convinced Emperor Yongle to bestow it upon the religious heads of other Tibetan Buddhist sects.', 0.9266594, 0)
("Chopin made his last public appearance on a concert platform at London's Guildhall on 16 November 1848, when, in a final patriotic gesture, he played for the benefit of Polish refugees. By this time he was very seriously ill, weighing under 99 pounds (i.e. less than 45 kg), and his doctors were aware that his sickness was at a terminal stage.", ' Chopin made his last public appearance on a concert stage in London, at the Guildhall, on November 16, 1848. At that time, he weighed less than 99 pounds (i.e. less than 45 kg), and his doctors were aware that his disease was at a terminal stage.', 0.9314796, 1)
('Thermal mass systems can store solar energy in the form of heat at domestically useful temperatures for daily or interseasonal durations. Thermal storage systems generally use readily available materials with high specific heat capacities such as water, earth and stone. Well-designed systems can lower peak demand, shift time-of-use to off-peak hours and reduce overall heating and cooling requirements.', ' Solar thermal systems can store energy in the form of heat at temperatures useful for domestic applications for daily or interseasonal durations. Common thermal storage systems use materials with high specific heat capacity such as water, earth, and stone. Well-designed systems can reduce peak demand, shift usage to off-peak hours, and decrease overall heating and cooling requirements.', 0.9363619, 1)
('According to Chen, the Ming officer of Hezhou (modern day Linxia) informed the Hongwu Emperor that the general situation in Dbus and Gtsang "was under control," and so he suggested to the emperor that he offer the second Phagmodru ruler, Jamyang Shakya Gyaltsen, an official title. According to the Records of the Founding Emperor, the Hongwu Emperor issued an edict granting the title "Initiation State Master" to Sagya Gyaincain, while the latter sent envoys to the Ming court to hand over his jade seal of authority along with tribute of colored silk and satin, statues of the Buddha, Buddhist scriptures, and sarira.', 'According to Chen\'s account, the Ming officer of Hezhou (modern day Linxia) reported to the Hongwu Emperor that the situation in Dbus and Gtsang was stable. He recommended to the emperor that he confer the title "Initiation State Master" upon the second Phagmodru ruler, Jamyang Shakya Gyaltsen. According to the Records of the Founding Emperor, the Hongwu Emperor issued an edict bestowing the title "Initiation State Master" upon Sagya Gyaincain. In response, Sagya Gyaincain dispatched envoys to the Ming court to present his jade seal of authority, as well as tribute of colored silk and satin, statues of the Buddha, Buddhist scriptures, and sarira.', 0.9364985, 1)
('It is an important source of renewable energy and its technologies are broadly characterized as either passive solar or active solar depending on the way they capture and distribute solar energy or convert it into solar power. Active solar techniques include the use of photovoltaic systems, concentrated solar power and solar water heating to harness the energy. Passive solar techniques include orienting a building to the Sun, selecting materials with favorable thermal mass or light dispersing properties, and designing spaces that naturally circulate air.', ' This is an important renewable energy source and its technologies are characterized in a significantly different manner depending on how they capture, distribute or convert solar energy into active solar power. Active solar technologies consist of photovoltaic systems, concentrated solar power, and solar water heating to capture energy. Passive solar technologies involve building orientation towards the Sun, selection of materials with favorable thermal mass or light dispersing properties, and design of spaces that naturally circulate heat.', 0.9383959, 1)
('An earthquake emergency relief team of 184 people (consisting of 12 people from the State Seismological Bureau, 150 from the Beijing Military Area Command, and 22 from the Armed Police General Hospital) left Beijing from Nanyuan Airport late May 12 in two military transport planes to travel to Wenchuan County.', ' A rescue team consisting of 184 people (12 from the State Seismological Bureau, 150 from the Beijing Military Command, and 22 from the General Police Army Hospital) departed from Beijing Nanyuan Airport on two military transport planes on May 12th, bound for Wenchuan County.', 0.94000316, 1)
('Historians disagree on what the relationship was between the Ming court and Tibet and whether or not Ming China had sovereignty over Tibet. Van Praag writes that Chinese court historians viewed Tibet as an independent foreign tributary and had little interest in Tibet besides a lama-patron relationship. The historian Tsepon W. D. Shakabpa supports van Praag\'s position. However, Wang Jiawei and Nyima Gyaincain state that these assertions by van Praag and Shakabpa are "fallacies".', ' Historians have differing views on the relationships between the Ming court and Tibet, as well as whether Ming China held sovereignty over Tibet. Van Praag posits that Chinese court historians regarded Tibet as an independent and foreign entity, with their primary interest limited to a lama-patron relationship. Shakabpa endorses this perspective. However, Wang Jiawei and Nyima Gyaincain challenge these assertions by van Praag and Shakabpa, deeming them "fallacies".', 0.9401763, 1)
("When an ally of the Ü-Tsang ruler threatened destruction of the Gelugpas again, the fifth Dalai Lama Lozang Gyatso pleaded for help from the Mongol prince Güshi Khan (1582–1655), leader of the Khoshut (Qoshot) tribe of the Oirat Mongols, who was then on a pilgrimage to Lhasa. Güshi Khan accepted his role as protector, and from 1637–1640 he not only defeated the Gelugpas' enemies in the Amdo and Kham regions, but also resettled his entire tribe into Amdo. Sonam Chöpel urged Güshi Khan to assault the Ü-Tsang king's homebase of Shigatse, which Güshi Khan agreed upon, enlisting the aid of Gelug monks and supporters. In 1642, after a year's siege of Shigatse, the Ü-Tsang forces surrendered. Güshi Khan then captured and summarily executed Karma Tenkyong, the ruler of Ü-Tsang, King of Tibet.", ' When an ally of the king of Ü-Tsang threatened the Gelugpas once again, the Fifth Dalai Lama, Lozang Gyatso, addressed Prince Mongol Güshi Khan (1582-1655), chief of the Khoshut (Qoshot) tribe of Mongol Oirats, who was in Lhassa for pilgrimage at that time. Güshi Khan accepted the role of protector, and from 1637 to 1640, he not only defeated the enemies of the Gelugpas in the regions of Amdo and Kham, but also completely reinstalled his tribe in Amdo. Sonam Chöpel urged Güshi Khan to launch an attack on the base of the king of Ü-Tsang at Shigatse, which he accepted, recruiting Gelug monks and supporters. In 1642, after a siege of nearly a year of Shigatse, the forces of Ü-Tsang surrendered. Güshi Khan then captured and summarily executed Karma Tenkyong, the king of Ü-Tsang, King of Tibet.', 0.9405315, 1)
('Uniquely among major American cities, New York is divided between, and is host to the main branches of, two different US district courts: the District Court for the Southern District of New York, whose main courthouse is on Foley Square near City Hall in Manhattan and whose jurisdiction includes Manhattan and the Bronx, and the District Court for the Eastern District of New York, whose main courthouse is in Brooklyn and whose jurisdiction includes Brooklyn, Queens, and Staten Island. The US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and US Court of International Trade are also based in New York, also on Foley Square in Manhattan.', 'Only among the major American cities, New York is shared between, and houses the main federal courts: the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, whose principal seat is located on Foley Square near City Hall in Manhattan and whose jurisdiction includes Manhattan and the Bronx, and the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York, whose principal seat is located at Brooklyn and whose jurisdiction includes Brooklyn, Queens and Staten Island. The United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and the United States International Trade Court are also located in New York, also on Foley Square in Manhattan.', 0.9406868, 1)
('J. Barrie Jones suggests that "amongst the works that Chopin intended for concert use, the four ballades and four scherzos stand supreme", and adds that "the Barcarolle Op. 60 stands apart as an example of Chopin\'s rich harmonic palette coupled with an Italianate warmth of melody." Temperley opines that these works, which contain "immense variety of mood, thematic material and structural detail", are based on an extended "departure and return" form; "the more the middle section is extended, and the further it departs in key, mood and theme, from the opening idea, the more important and dramatic is the reprise when it at last comes."', ' J. Barrie Jones suggests that among Chopin\'s works intended for concert use, the four ballades and the four scherzos hold the highest rank. He adds that the Barcarolle Op. 60 stands out as a remarkable example of Chopin\'s rich harmonic palette associated with a melodic Italian warmth. Temperley advances that these works, which contain "an immense variety of mood, thematic material, and structural details," are based on an extended "AB" form. The longer the middle section is, and the further it departs in tonality, mood, and thematic material from the opening idea, the more important and dramatic is the return when it finally comes back.', 0.9407425, 1)
('During his travels beginning in 1403, Deshin Shekpa was induced by further exhortations by the Ming court to visit Nanjing by April 10, 1407. Norbu writes that the Yongle Emperor, following the tradition of Mongol emperors and their reverence for the Sakya lamas, showed an enormous amount of deference towards Deshin Shekpa. The Yongle Emperor came out of the palace in Nanjing to greet the Karmapa and did not require him to kowtow like a tributary vassal. According to Karma Thinley, the emperor gave the Karmapa the place of honor at his left, and on a higher throne than his own. Rossabi and others describe a similar arrangement made by Kublai Khan and the Sakya Phagpa lama, writing that Kublai would "sit on a lower platform than the Tibetan cleric" when receiving religious instructions from him.', ' Between 1403 and 1407, Deshin Shekpa was encouraged by new insistence from the Ming Court to go to Nanking until the 10th of April. Norbu relates that Emperor Yongle, following the tradition of Mongol emperors and their reverence towards Sakyas lamas, showed immense deference towards Deshin Shekpa. Emperor Yongle left the Nanking Palace to welcome the Karmapa and did not demand that he prostrate himself as a tributary vassal. According to Karma Thinley, the emperor gave the Karmapa the place of honor to his left and on a throne higher than his own. Rossabi and others describe a similar disposition made by Kubla Khan and the lama Sakya Phagpa, that "he sat on a lower platform than the Tibetan monk" when he received religious teachings from him.', 0.941198, 1)
('Originally, a FireWire connection to the host computer was used to update songs or recharge the battery. The battery could also be charged with a power adapter that was included with the first four generations.', ' Initially, a FireWire connection to the host computer was used to update songs or charge the battery. The battery could also be charged with the provided charging adapter from the early generations.', 0.94126505, 1)
('Relationships between religious groups are generally amicable, although there is some concern among mainstream Muslim leaders[who?] that minority religious groups undermine national unity. There is a concern for religious institutions becoming active in the political sphere. The Islamic Renaissance Party (IRP), a major combatant in the 1992–1997 Civil War and then-proponent of the creation of an Islamic state in Tajikistan, constitutes no more than 30% of the government by statute. Membership in Hizb ut-Tahrir, a militant Islamic party which today aims for an overthrow of secular governments and the unification of Tajiks under one Islamic state, is illegal and members are subject to arrest and imprisonment. Numbers of large mosques appropriate for Friday prayers are limited and some[who?] feel this is discriminatory.', ' The relations between religious groups are generally friendly, despite concerns among major religious leaders towards minor religious groups that could negatively impact national unity. There is concern over religious institutions becoming active in the political sphere. The Party of Islamic Renaissance (PRI), a major combatant in the 1992-1997 Civil War and a promoter of creating an Islamic state in Tajikistan, holds only 30% of the power according to the law. Membership in Hizb ut-Tahrir, an Islamic militant party seeking to overthrow secular governments and unify Tajiks under an Islamic state today, is illegal and its members are subject to arrest and imprisonment. The number of large mosques suitable for weekly prayers is limited and some view this as discriminatory.', 0.94226754, 1)
('Exposure to antibiotics early in life is associated with increased body mass in humans and mouse models. Early life is a critical period for the establishment of the intestinal microbiota and for metabolic development. Mice exposed to subtherapeutic antibiotic treatment (STAT)– with either penicillin, vancomycin, penicillin and vancomycin, or chlortetracycline had altered composition of the gut microbiota as well as its metabolic capabilities. Moreover, research have shown that mice given low-dose penicillin (1 μg/g body weight) around birth and throughout the weaning process had an increased body mass and fat mass, accelerated growth, and increased hepatic expression of genes involved in adipogenesis, compared to controlled mice. In addition, penicillin in combination with a high-fat diet increased fasting insulin levels in mice. However, it is unclear whether or not antibiotics cause obesity in humans. Studies have found a correlation between early exposure of antibiotics (<6 months) and increased body mass (at 10 and 20 months). Another study found that the type of antibiotic exposure was also significant with the highest risk of being overweight in those given macrolides compared to penicillin and cephalosporin. Therefore, there is correlation between antibiotic exposure in early life and obesity in humans, but whether or not there is a causal relationship remains unclear. Although there is a correlation between antibiotic use in early life and obesity, the effect of antibiotics on obesity in humans needs to be weighed against the beneficial effects of clinically indicated treatment with antibiotics in infancy.', ' Early life exposure to antibiotics is linked to increased body weight in humans and mice. The early life stage is crucial for the development of the intestinal microbiome and metabolism. Mice given subtherapeutic antibiotic treatment (STAT) with penicillin, vancomycin, penicillin and vancomycin, or chlortetracycline displayed altered intestinal microbiome makeup and metabolic functions. Furthermore, mice given low-dose penicillin around birth and throughout weaning had greater body weight and fat mass, faster growth, and heightened hepatic expression of genes related to lipogenesis, compared to control mice. Moreover, the combination of penicillin with a high-fat diet boosted insulin-stimulating linoleic acid-stimulating hormone levels in mice. However, it is unclear if antibiotics cause obesity in humans. Research has shown a correlation between early antibiotic exposure (<6 months) and increased body weight (at 10 and 20 years). Another study revealed that the type of antibiotic exposure was also significant, with the highest risk of obesity among those given macrolides compared to penicillin and cephalosporins. Consequently, there is a correlation between early life exposure to antibiotics and obesity in humans, but the causal relationship is uncertain.', 0.9423451, 1)
('Not all reviewers were enthusiastic. Some lamented the use of poor white Southerners, and one-dimensional black victims, and Granville Hicks labeled the book "melodramatic and contrived". When the book was first released, Southern writer Flannery O\'Connor commented, "I think for a child\'s book it does all right. It\'s interesting that all the folks that are buying it don\'t know they\'re reading a child\'s book. Somebody ought to say what it is." Carson McCullers apparently agreed with the Time magazine review, writing to a cousin: "Well, honey, one thing we know is that she\'s been poaching on my literary preserves."', 'All critiques have not been enthusiastic. Some have regretted the use of poor White Southerners and one-dimensional Black victims. Granville Hicks labeled the book as "melodramatic and contrived." Upon its first publication, Flannery O\'Connor of the South wrote: "I think it\'s good for a children\'s book. It\'s interesting that those who reject it don\'t know they\'re reading a children\'s book. Someone should tell them what it is." Carson McCullers seemed to agree with Time magazine\'s critique, writing to a cousin: "Dear Beautiful, my dear, a thing we both know is that it sinned in my literary reserves."', 0.94238657, 1)
("The first draft of the Convention included political killings, but these provisions were removed in a political and diplomatic compromise following objections from some countries, including the USSR, a permanent security council member. The USSR argued that the Convention's definition should follow the etymology of the term, and may have feared greater international scrutiny of its own Great Purge. Other nations feared that including political groups in the definition would invite international intervention in domestic politics. However leading genocide scholar William Schabas states: “Rigorous examination of the travaux fails to confirm a popular impression in the literature that the opposition to inclusion of political genocide was some Soviet machination. The Soviet views were also shared by a number of other States for whom it is difficult to establish any geographic or social common denominator: Lebanon, Sweden, Brazil, Peru, Venezuela, the Philippines, the Dominican Republic, Iran, Egypt, Belgium, and Uruguay. The exclusion of political groups was in fact originally promoted by a non-governmental organization, the World Jewish Congress, and it corresponded to Raphael Lemkin’s vision of the nature of the crime of genocide.” ", " The initial version of the Convention contained provisions for political killings, but these were eliminated in a political and diplomatic compromise due to objections from certain countries, including the USSR, a permanent member of the Security Council. The USSR advocated for the Convention's definition to align with the term's etymology and may have had concerns about increased international scrutiny of its own Great Purge. However, other nations were apprehensive about including political groups in the definition, fearing international interference in domestic politics. The USSR's perspective was also supported by several countries with no clear geographic or social similarities: Lebanon, Sweden, Brazil, Peru, Venezuela, the Philippines, the Dominican Republic, Iran, Egypt, Belgium, and Uruguay. The exclusion of political groups was actually first proposed by a non-governmental organization, the World Jewish Congress, and it reflected Raphael Lemkin's view of the crime of genocide's nature.", 0.9423873, 1)
("Other features of the city's transportation infrastructure encompass more than 12,000 yellow taxicabs; various competing startup transportation network companies; and an aerial tramway that transports commuters between Roosevelt Island and Manhattan Island.", ' The city\'s transportation infrastructure features over 12,000 yellow taxicabs; various competing startup transportation network companies; and an aerial tramway that transports commuters between Roosevelt Island and Manhattan Island. Note: The term "competing startup transportation network companies" can be translated as "companies of commun start-up competitors" or "companies of commun innovative competitors" depending on the specific context and meaning you want to convey.', 0.9433556, 1)
("Although the Chinese government was initially praised for its response to the quake (especially in comparison to Myanmar's ruling military junta's blockade of aid during Cyclone Nargis), it then saw an erosion in confidence over the school construction scandal.", " Although the Chinese government was initially praised for its response to the earthquake (and particularly in comparison to the military regime's blocking of relief efforts during Typhoon Nargis), it later experienced a loss of trust due to the collapsed construction scandal.", 0.9433863, 1)
('The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome). Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St. Joseph lake from the Main Building. Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St. Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians. Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto. The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner. While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching.', ' The university is the main seat of the Congregation of the Holy Cross (although it is not its official seat, which is located in Rome). Its major seminary, the Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus facing Lac Saint-Joseph, next to the Main Building. Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shores of Lac Sainte-Marie, houses university seminarians. Priests and brothers in retirement live at the Fatima House (formerly a retreat center), at the Holy Cross House, and at Columba Hall near the Grotto. The university, through the Moreau Seminary, has links with the theologian Frederick Buechner. Although he is not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame, and the Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for preaching.', 0.9443718, 1)
('In 2008, State Council established a counterpart support plan (《汶川地震灾后恢复重建对口支援方案》). The plan is to arrange 19 eastern and central province and municipalitie to help 18 counties, on "one province to one affected county" basis. The plan spanned 3 years, and cost no less than one percent of the province or municipality\'s budget.', ' In 2008, the State Council established a joint recovery and reconstruction aid plan (《汶川地震灾后恢复重建对口支援方案》). This plan aligns 19 provinces and municipalities from the east and center to help 18 counties, according to the principle "one province for each affected county". The plan lasts for three years, and costs at least 1% of the budget of the province or municipality.', 0.9445036, 1)
("New York City is supplied with drinking water by the protected Catskill Mountains watershed. As a result of the watershed's integrity and undisturbed natural water filtration system, New York is one of only four major cities in the United States the majority of whose drinking water is pure enough not to require purification by water treatment plants. The Croton Watershed north of the city is undergoing construction of a US$3.2 billion water purification plant to augment New York City's water supply by an estimated 290 million gallons daily, representing a greater than 20% addition to the city's current availability of water. The ongoing expansion of New York City Water Tunnel No. 3, an integral part of the New York City water supply system, is the largest capital construction project in the city's history.", " New York City is supplied with potable water from the protected watershed of the Catskill Mountains. Due to the integrity of the watershed and the natural unfiltered water system, New York is one of the largest cities in the US where the majority of the potable water is pure enough not to require treatment by water treatment plants. The Croton reservoir to the north of the city is under construction for a $3.2 billion US water purification plant to strengthen New York City's water supply, estimated at 290 million gallons per day, representing an increase of over 20% of the city's current water availability. The ongoing extension construction of New York's No. 3 Water Tunnel, a key component of New York's water supply system, is the city's most important construction project in history.", 0.9473107, 1)
('Dawa Norbu argues that modern Chinese Communist historians tend to be in favor of the view that the Ming simply reappointed old Yuan dynasty officials in Tibet and perpetuated their rule of Tibet in this manner. Norbu writes that, although this would have been true for the eastern Tibetan regions of Amdo and Kham\'s "tribute-cum-trade" relations with the Ming, it was untrue if applied to the western Tibetan regions of Ü-Tsang and Ngari. After the Phagmodrupa Changchub Gyaltsen, these were ruled by "three successive nationalistic regimes," which Norbu writes "Communist historians prefer to ignore."', ' Dawa Norbu points out that modern Chinese communist historians tend to defend the view that the Ming Dynasty merely renamed Yuan Dynasty officials in Tibet and continued to rule through this method. Norbu writes that this may be true for the eastern Tibetan regions of Amdo and Khams in terms of "tribut and trade" relations, but it is not applicable to the western Tibetan regions of U-Tsang and Ngari. After Phagmodrupa Changchub Gyaltsen, these regions were governed by "three successive nationalist regimes," which Norbu writes "communist historians prefer to ignore."', 0.9474019, 1)
("The story sees Bond pitted against the global criminal organisation Spectre, marking the group's first appearance in an Eon Productions film since 1971's Diamonds Are Forever,[N 2] and tying Craig's series of films together with an overarching storyline. Several recurring James Bond characters, including M, Q and Eve Moneypenny return, with the new additions of Léa Seydoux as Dr. Madeleine Swann, Dave Bautista as Mr. Hinx, Andrew Scott as Max Denbigh and Monica Bellucci as Lucia Sciarra.", ' The story pits Bond against the criminal organization Spectre, marking the first appearance of the group in an Eon Productions film since Diamonds Are Forever in 1971,[N 2] and linking the Craig films through a global narrative. Many recurring James Bond characters return, including M, Q and Eve Moneypenny. Newcomers are Lea Seydoux as Dr. Madeleine Swann, Dave Bautista as Mr. Hinx, Andrew Scott as Max Denbigh and Monica Bellucci as Lucia Sciarra.Note: N 2 is a reference to a previous film, therefore it cannot be translated into French as it is an abbreviation in English.', 0.9494593, 1)
('The New York City Fire Department faces highly multifaceted firefighting challenges in many ways unique to New York. In addition to responding to building types that range from wood-frame single family homes to high-rise structures, there are many secluded bridges and tunnels, as well as large parks and wooded areas that can give rise to brush fires. New York is also home to one of the largest subway systems in the world, consisting of hundreds of miles of tunnel with electrified track.', " The Bretonniers Department of the New York City Fire Department faces numerous multifaceted arson challenges in unique ways in New York. They respond to various types of buildings from wooden houses for single families to large buildings. There are numerous hidden bridges and tunnels, as well as vast parks and wooded areas that can give birth to brush fires. New York is also home to one of the world's largest metro systems, consisting of hundreds of miles of tunnel with electrified tracks.", 0.95208, 0)
('The strongest element of style noted by critics and reviewers is Lee\'s talent for narration, which in an early review in Time was called "tactile brilliance". Writing a decade later, another scholar noted, "Harper Lee has a remarkable gift of story-telling. Her art is visual, and with cinematographic fluidity and subtlety we see a scene melting into another scene without jolts of transition." Lee combines the narrator\'s voice of a child observing her surroundings with a grown woman\'s reflecting on her childhood, using the ambiguity of this voice combined with the narrative technique of flashback to play intricately with perspectives. This narrative method allows Lee to tell a "delightfully deceptive" story that mixes the simplicity of childhood observation with adult situations complicated by hidden motivations and unquestioned tradition. However, at times the blending causes reviewers to question Scout\'s preternatural vocabulary and depth of understanding. Both Harding LeMay and the novelist and literary critic Granville Hicks expressed doubt that children as sheltered as Scout and Jem could understand the complexities and horrors involved in the trial for Tom Robinson\'s life.', ' The most notable stylistic element noted by critics and commentators is Lee\'s storytelling talent, described in an old Time critique as "tactile brilliance." A decade later, another researcher noted: "Harper Lee possesses a remarkable gift for storytelling. Her art is visual, and with a fluid and cinematic subtlety, we see one scene melt into another scene seamlessly." Lee combines the voice of a child observing her surroundings with that of a grown woman reflecting on her childhood, using the ambiguity of this voice combined with the narrative technique of flashback to intricately manipulate perspectives. This narrative method allows Lee to tell a "deliciously deceptive" story that blends the simplicity of a child\'s observation with complex adult situations filled with hidden motivations and unquestioned traditions. However, at times, this fusion raises doubts for some critics about Scout and Jem\'s understanding of the complexities and horrors involved in Tom Robinson\'s trial. Harding LeMay and literary romancier and critic Granville Hicks have expressed doubts about their ability to comprehend the intricacies and horrors of the trial.', 0.95211554, 1)
("Similar organizations in other countries followed: The American Anthropological Association in 1902, the Anthropological Society of Madrid (1865), the Anthropological Society of Vienna (1870), the Italian Society of Anthropology and Ethnology (1871), and many others subsequently. The majority of these were evolutionist. One notable exception was the Berlin Society of Anthropology (1869) founded by Rudolph Virchow, known for his vituperative attacks on the evolutionists. Not religious himself, he insisted that Darwin's conclusions lacked empirical foundation.", " Similar organizations in other countries followed suit: the American Anthropological Association in 1892, the Sociedad Anthropológica de Madrid (1865), the Société anthropologique de Vienne (1870), the Società italiana di antropologia e etnologia (1871), and many others afterwards. The majority of these societies were evolutionist. Notable exception was the Société d'anthropologie de Berlin (1869), founded by Rudolph Virchow, known for his vitriolic attacks against evolutionists. He himself was not religious, but he stressed the lack of empirical foundation in Darwin's conclusions.", 0.95244706, 1)
('During the Wisconsinan glaciation, the New York City region was situated at the edge of a large ice sheet over 1,000 feet in depth. The ice sheet scraped away large amounts of soil, leaving the bedrock that serves as the geologic foundation for much of New York City today. Later on, the ice sheet would help split apart what are now Long Island and Staten Island.', ' During the Wisconsin glaciation, the New York region was located at the periphery of a vast glacier reaching over 1000 feet in depth. The glacier removed large quantities of soil, leaving the parent rock that serves as the geological base for much of New York today. Later, the glacier helped to split what is now Long Island and Staten Island.', 0.9525879, 1)
('Inquiry in sociocultural anthropology is guided in part by cultural relativism, the attempt to understand other societies in terms of their own cultural symbols and values. Accepting other cultures in their own terms moderates reductionism in cross-cultural comparison. This project is often accommodated in the field of ethnography. Ethnography can refer to both a methodology and the product of ethnographic research, i.e. an ethnographic monograph. As methodology, ethnography is based upon long-term fieldwork within a community or other research site. Participant observation is one of the foundational methods of social and cultural anthropology. Ethnology involves the systematic comparison of different cultures. The process of participant-observation can be especially helpful to understanding a culture from an emic (conceptual, vs. etic, or technical) point of view.', ' The inquiry in sociocultural anthropology is partly influenced by cultural relativism, the effort to understand other societies according to their own symbols and cultural values. The acceptance of cultures in their own terms reduces reductionism in cross-cultural comparison. This project is often hosted in the domain of ethnography. Ethnography can refer both to a methodology and to the product of ethnographic research, that is, an ethnographic monograph. As a methodology, ethnography relies on long-term work in a community or other research site. Participant observation is one of the fundamental methods of social and cultural anthropology. Ethnology involves the systematic comparison of different cultures. The process of participant observation can be particularly useful for understanding a culture from an emic perspective (conceptual, vs. etic, or technical).', 0.9527463, 1)
("However, at the state level, the pattern of split ticket voting and divided government holds. Democrats currently hold one of the state's U.S. Senate seats, as well as four of the five statewide offices (Governor, Superintendent of Public Instruction, Secretary of State and State Auditor). The lone congressional district has been Republican since 1996 and in 2014 Steve Daines won one of the state's Senate seats for the GOP. The Legislative branch had split party control between the house and senate most years between 2004 and 2010, when the mid-term elections returned both branches to Republican control. The state Senate is, as of 2015, controlled by the Republicans 29 to 21, and the State House of Representatives at 59 to 41.", " But at the state level, the model of voting for a senatorial binomial and a shared government persists. Democrats currently hold one of the two senatorial seats in the country, as well as four out of the five elective state positions (Governor, Superior of Public Instruction, Secretary of State, and State Auditor). The only legislative district has been republican since 1996, and in 2014, Steve Daines won one of the Republican Party's senatorial seats. The legislative branch had shared control between the House and the Senate for most years between 2004 and 2010, when mid-term elections made both branches of the legislative power republican. The State Senate has been controlled by the Republicans since 2015, with 29 seats to the Democrats' 21, and the House of Representatives has 59 seats to the Democrats' 41.", 0.9530098, 0)
('Shih-Shan Henry Tsai writes that the Yongle Emperor sent his eunuch Yang Sanbao into Tibet in 1413 to gain the allegiance of various Tibetan princes, while the Yongle Emperor paid a small fortune in return gifts for tributes in order to maintain the loyalty of neighboring vassal states such as Nepal and Tibet. However, Van Praag states that Tibetan rulers upheld their own separate relations with the kingdoms of Nepal and Kashmir, and at times "engaged in armed confrontation with them."', ' Shih-Shan Henry Tsai writes that the Yongle Emperor sent his eunuch, Yang Sanbao, to Tibet in 1413 to win over the allegiance of Tibetan princes. The Yongle Emperor bestowed generous gifts as tributes to maintain the loyalty of neighboring vassal states, including Nepal and Tibet. However, Van Praag notes that Tibetan rulers maintained their independent relationships with the kingdoms of Nepal and Kashmir. At certain instances, they even entered into armed disputes with them.', 0.95330477, 1)
('Laurisilva is a unique type of subtropical rainforest found in few areas of Europe and the world: in the Azores, and in particular on the island of Madeira, there are large forests of endemic Laurisilva forests (the latter protected as a natural heritage preserve). There are several species of diverse mammalian fauna, including the fox, badger, iberian lynx, iberian wolf, wild goat (Capra pyrenaica), wild cat (Felis silvestris), hare, weasel, polecat, chameleon, mongoose, civet, brown bear[citation needed] (spotted near Rio Minho, close to Peneda-Gerês) and many others. Portugal is an important stopover for migratory birds, in places such as Cape St. Vincent or the Monchique mountains, where thousands of birds cross from Europe to Africa during the autumn or in the spring (return migration).', ' The laurisilva is a unique type of tropical wet forest found in some regions of Europe and the world: in the Azores, and particularly on the island of Madeira, there are vast endemic laurisilva forests (these last protected as natural heritage). There are various mammalian species, including the fox, the badger, the Iberian lynx, the Iberian wolf, the wild goat (Capra pyrenaica), the wild cat (Felis silvestris), the hare, the weasel, the polecat, the chameleon, the mongoose, the civet, and many others. Portugal is an important stopover for migratory birds, in places such as Cape St-Vincent or the Monchique mountains, where thousands of birds cross from Europe to Africa during autumn or spring (return migration).', 0.9535682, 1)
('Media anthropology (also known as anthropology of media or mass media) emphasizes ethnographic studies as a means of understanding producers, audiences, and other cultural and social aspects of mass media. The types of ethnographic contexts explored range from contexts of media production (e.g., ethnographies of newsrooms in newspapers, journalists in the field, film production) to contexts of media reception, following audiences in their everyday responses to media. Other types include cyber anthropology, a relatively new area of internet research, as well as ethnographies of other areas of research which happen to involve media, such as development work, social movements, or health education. This is in addition to many classic ethnographic contexts, where media such as radio, the press, new media and television have started to make their presences felt since the early 1990s.', ' Anthropology of Media focuses on ethnographic studies to understand producers, audiences, and other cultural and social aspects of mass media. Explored contexts range from media production contexts, such as ethnographies of newsroom editors, journalists in the field, and film production, to media reception contexts, following audiences in their daily responses to media. Other types include cybernetic anthropology, a new research area on the Internet, as well as ethnographies in other research domains involving media, such as development work, social movements, or health education. This coincides with numerous classic ethnographic contexts, where media such as radio, press, new media, and television have been appearing since the 1990s.', 0.9536236, 1)
('In 2000, the United Nations Development Programme, UN Department of Economic and Social Affairs, and World Energy Council published an estimate of the potential solar energy that could be used by humans each year that took into account factors such as insolation, cloud cover, and the land that is usable by humans. The estimate found that solar energy has a global potential of 1,575–49,837 EJ per year (see table below).', ' In 2000, the United Nations Development Programme, the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs, and the World Energy Council published an estimation of the annual solar power potential available to humanity, taking into account factors such as insolation, cloud cover, and land available for human use. The estimation revealed that solar energy had a global power of 1.575-49.837 EJ per year (see table below).', 0.95375055, 1)
("For all iPods released in 2006 and earlier, some equalizer (EQ) sound settings would distort the bass sound far too easily, even on undemanding songs. This would happen for EQ settings like R&B, Rock, Acoustic, and Bass Booster, because the equalizer amplified the digital audio level beyond the software's limit, causing distortion (clipping) on bass instruments.", ' For all iPods launched in 2006 and before, certain equalizer (EQ) settings led to noticeable distortion in the lower frequencies, even on less demanding songs. This happened with equalizer settings such as R&B, Rock, Acoustic, and Bass Booster, as the amplifier amplified the digital audio level beyond the software limits, causing clipping on bass instruments.', 0.9538619, 1)
("The iPod has also been credited with accelerating shifts within the music industry. The iPod's popularization of digital music storage allows users to abandon listening to entire albums and instead be able to choose specific singles which hastened the end of the Album Era in popular music.", ' Lipod has also been credited with accelerating changes in the music industry. The popularization of Lipod for digital music storage allows users to abandon the listening to whole albums and instead choose specific singles, which has accelerated the end of the Album era in popular music.', 0.9549864, 1)
('Journalist and author Thomas Laird, in his book The Story of Tibet: Conversations with the Dalai Lama, writes that Wang and Nyima present the government viewpoint of the People\'s Republic of China in their Historical Status of China\'s Tibet, and fail to realize that China was "absorbed into a larger, non-Chinese political unit" during the Mongol Yuan dynasty, which Wang and Nyima paint as a characteristic Chinese dynasty succeeded by the Ming. Laird asserts that the ruling Mongol khans never administered Tibet as part of China and instead ruled them as separate territories, comparing the Mongols with the British who colonized India and New Zealand, yet stating this does not make India part of New Zealand as a consequence. Of later Mongol and Tibetan accounts interpreting the Mongol conquest of Tibet, Laird asserts that "they, like all non-Chinese historical narratives, never portray the Mongol subjugation of Tibet as a Chinese one."', 'The journalist and author Thomas Laird, in his book The Story of Tibet: Conversations with the Dalai Lama, states that Wang and Nyima express the Chinese government\'s perspective in their Historical Status of China\'s Tibet. However, they allegedly overlook the fact that China was "absorbed into a larger, non-Chinese political unit" during the Mongol Yuan dynasty, which Wang and Nyima describe as a typical Chinese dynasty preceded by the Ming. Laird argues that the ruling Mongol khans did not govern Tibet as part of China but instead ruled them as separate territories. He draws a parallel between the Mongols and the British who colonized India and New Zealand, but this does not make India a part of New Zealand as a consequence. From later Mongol and Tibetan accounts interpreting the Mongol conquest of Tibet, Laird asserts that "they, like all non-Chinese historical narratives, never depict the Mongol subjugation of Tibet as a Chinese one."', 0.9550316, 1)
('The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools. The main building is the 14-story Theodore M. Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books. The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets. This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus\' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown.', ' The university library system is composed of the main library and of each college and school. The main building is the 14-story Theodore M. Hesburgh Library, finished in 1963, which holds the principal collection of books for the campus. The library\'s façade is decorated with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets. This mural is commonly referred to as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus\' arms appearing to make the touchdown signal.', 0.9550461, 1)
('With advances in medicinal chemistry, most modern antibacterials are semisynthetic modifications of various natural compounds. These include, for example, the beta-lactam antibiotics, which include the penicillins (produced by fungi in the genus Penicillium), the cephalosporins, and the carbapenems. Compounds that are still isolated from living organisms are the aminoglycosides, whereas other antibacterials—for example, the sulfonamides, the quinolones, and the oxazolidinones—are produced solely by chemical synthesis. Many antibacterial compounds are relatively small molecules with a molecular weight of less than 2000 atomic mass units.[citation needed]', ' With advancements in medicinal chemistry, most modern antibiotics are semi-synthetic modifications of various natural substances. These include for example the beta-lactam antibiotics, which include penicillins (from Penicillium fungi), cephalosporins, and carbapenems. The substances still isolated from living organisms are the aminoglycosides. However, other antibiotics—for instance, sulfonamides, quinolones, and oxazolidinones—are synthesized exclusively by chemistry. Many antibacterial compounds are relatively small molecules with a molecular weight below 2000 atomic mass units. [End of translation.]', 0.95508945, 1)
("At the funeral of the tenor Adolphe Nourrit in Paris in 1839, Chopin made a rare appearance at the organ, playing a transcription of Franz Schubert's lied Die Gestirne. On 26 July 1840 Chopin and Sand were present at the dress rehearsal of Berlioz's Grande symphonie funèbre et triomphale, composed to commemorate the tenth anniversary of the July Revolution. Chopin was reportedly unimpressed with the composition.", " During Adolphe Nourrit's funeral in Paris in 1839, Chopin rarely showed himself at the edge of the crowd playing a transcription of Franz Schubert's song, The Stars. On July 26, 1840, Chopin and Sand were present at the general rehearsal of Berlioz's Grande symphonie funèbre et triomphale, composed to commemorate the ten years of the July Revolution. Chopin was supposed to be impressed by the composition.", 0.9555398, 0)
("During this time, Link also helps Midna find the Fused Shadows, fragments of a relic containing powerful dark magic. In return, she helps Link find Ordon Village's children while helping the monkeys of Faron, the Gorons of Eldin, and the Zoras of Lanayru. Once Link has restored the Light Spirits and Midna has all the Fused Shadows, they are ambushed by Zant. After he relieves Midna of the Fused Shadow fragments, she ridicules him for abusing his tribe's magic, but Zant reveals that his power comes from another source as he uses it to turn Link back into a wolf, and then leaves Midna in Hyrule to die from the world's light. Bringing a dying Midna to Zelda, Link learns he needs the Master Sword to return to human form. Zelda sacrifices herself to heal Midna with her power before vanishing mysteriously. Midna is moved by Zelda's sacrifice, and begins to care more about Link and the fate of the light world.", " During this time, Link helps Midna recover the Fused Shadows, fragments of a relic containing powerful dark magic. In return, she helps Link find the children of Ordon, the Deku Scrubs of Faron, the Eldin Gorons, and the Lanayru Zoras. Once Link restores the Light Spirits and Midna has all the Fused Shadows, they are attacked by Zant. After stripping her of the Fused Shadows, she insults him for misusing the magic of her tribe, but Zant reveals that his power comes from another source by using it to turn Link back into a wolf, and then he leaves Midna to die in Hyrule due to the light of the world. Bringing a dying Midna to Zelda, Link learns that he needs the Master Sword to return to his human form. Zelda sacrifices herself to heal Midna with her power before disappearing mysteriously. Midna is moved by Zelda's sacrifice, and begins to care more about Link and the fate of the Light World.", 0.95557916, 1)
('Solar cookers use sunlight for cooking, drying and pasteurization. They can be grouped into three broad categories: box cookers, panel cookers and reflector cookers. The simplest solar cooker is the box cooker first built by Horace de Saussure in 1767. A basic box cooker consists of an insulated container with a transparent lid. It can be used effectively with partially overcast skies and will typically reach temperatures of 90–150 °C (194–302 °F). Panel cookers use a reflective panel to direct sunlight onto an insulated container and reach temperatures comparable to box cookers. Reflector cookers use various concentrating geometries (dish, trough, Fresnel mirrors) to focus light on a cooking container. These cookers reach temperatures of 315 °C (599 °F) and above but require direct light to function properly and must be repositioned to track the Sun.', ' Solar knee pans make use of sunlight for cooking, drying, and pasteurizing. They can be categorized into three primary types: box ovens, panel ovens, and reflective ovens. The simplest box oven is the one designed by Horace-Bénédict de Saussure in 1767. A fundamental box oven comprises an insulated container with a transparent cover. It operates effectively under partly cloudy skies and attains temperatures ranging from 90 to 150 °C (194 to 302 °F). Panel ovens employ a reflective panel to channel sunlight towards an insulated container and attain temperatures similar to those of box ovens. Reflective ovens utilize various concentrating geometries (parabolic plates, troughs, Fresnel mirrors) to concentrate light onto a cooking pot. These ovens achieve temperatures of 315 °C (599 °F) and beyond, but demand direct sunlight to function optimally and need to be repositioned to track the Sun.', 0.9556072, 1)
('According to Tibetologist John Powers, Tibetan sources counter this narrative of titles granted by the Chinese to Tibetans with various titles which the Tibetans gave to the Chinese emperors and their officials. Tribute missions from Tibetan monasteries to the Chinese court brought back not only titles, but large, commercially valuable gifts which could subsequently be sold. The Ming emperors sent invitations to ruling lamas, but the lamas sent subordinates rather than coming themselves, and no Tibetan ruler ever explicitly accepted the role of being a vassal of the Ming.', "According to Tibetan sources, Tibetan monasteries' tribute missions to the Chinese court brought back not only titles, but also large, commercially valuable gifts which could subsequently be sold. The Ming emperors sent invitations to reigning lamas, but the lamas sent subordinates instead of coming themselves, and no Tibetan ruler ever explicitly accepted the role of being a vassal of the Ming.Tibetan monasteries' tribute missions to the Chinese court returned not only titles, but also substantial, commercially valuable gifts which could be sold. The Ming emperors extended invitations to the ruling lamas, but the lamas dispatched their subordinates instead of appearing in person, and no Tibetan ruler ever acknowledged the position of being a Ming vassal.", 0.9556524, 1)
('The early history of Portugal is shared with the rest of the Iberian Peninsula located in South Western Europe. The name of Portugal derives from the joined Romano-Celtic name Portus Cale. The region was settled by Pre-Celts and Celts, giving origin to peoples like the Gallaeci, Lusitanians, Celtici and Cynetes, visited by Phoenicians and Carthaginians, incorporated in the Roman Republic dominions as Lusitania and part of Gallaecia, after 45 BC until 298 AD, settled again by Suebi, Buri, and Visigoths, and conquered by Moors. Other influences include some 5th-century vestiges of Alan settlement, which were found in Alenquer (old Germanic Alankerk, from Alan+kerk; meaning church of the Alan (people), Coimbra and Lisbon.', ' The ancient history of Portugal shares common ground with the rest of the Iberian Peninsula located in southwest Europe. The name Portugal derives from the Roman-Celtic name Portus Cale. The region was inhabited by Pre-Celts and Celts, giving birth to peoples such as the Gallaeci, Lusitaniens, Celtici and Cynetes, visited by Phoenicians and Carthaginians, incorporated into the domains of the Roman Republic under the name Lusitania and part of Gallaecia, from 45 BC to 298 AD, reoccupied by Suebes, Buri and Visigoths, and conquered by the Moors. Other influences include remains of 5th century Alain settlement discovered at Alenquer (ancient Germanic name Alankerk, meaning church of the Alans), Coimbra and Lisbonne.', 0.95610017, 1)
('The judges continue in paragraph 12, "The determination of when the targeted part is substantial enough to meet this requirement may involve a number of considerations. The numeric size of the targeted part of the group is the necessary and important starting point, though not in all cases the ending point of the inquiry. The number of individuals targeted should be evaluated not only in absolute terms, but also in relation to the overall size of the entire group. In addition to the numeric size of the targeted portion, its prominence within the group can be a useful consideration. If a specific part of the group is emblematic of the overall group, or is essential to its survival, that may support a finding that the part qualifies as substantial within the meaning of Article 4 [of the Tribunal\'s Statute]."', 'The judges further state in paragraph 12, "The assessment of whether the targeted part is significant enough to satisfy this condition may involve various considerations. The numeric size of the targeted portion of the group is the initial and crucial point, although not always the final one of the investigation. The number of individuals targeted should be evaluated not only in absolute terms, but also in relation to the overall size of the entire group. Besides the numeric size of the targeted segment, its prominence within the group can be a valuable consideration. If a particular part of the group is representative of the overall group or is essential to its survival, that may support a finding that the part qualifies as substantial within the meaning of Article 4 [of the Statute]."', 0.95613384, 1)
('iTunes 7 and above can transfer purchased media of the iTunes Store from an iPod to a computer, provided that computer containing the DRM protected media is authorized to play it.', ' In iTunes 7 and later versions, you can transfer purchased media from the iTunes Store to an iPod, as long as the computer is authorized to play them.', 0.9567361, 1)
('Since the 1980s it has become common for social and cultural anthropologists to set ethnographic research in the North Atlantic region, frequently examining the connections between locations rather than limiting research to a single locale. There has also been a related shift toward broadening the focus beyond the daily life of ordinary people; increasingly, research is set in settings such as scientific laboratories, social movements, governmental and nongovernmental organizations and businesses.', ' Since the 1980s, social and cultural anthropologists have increasingly located their ethnographic research in the Nord-Atlantic region rather than limiting it to a single locality. There has also been a related shift towards expanding the scope of research beyond the daily lives of ordinary people; research is now conducted in places such as scientific laboratories, social movements, governmental and non-governmental organizations, and corporations.', 0.9567833, 1)
("In 2003, Nintendo announced that a new The Legend of Zelda game was in the works for the GameCube by the same team that had created the cel-shaded The Wind Waker. At the following year's Game Developers Conference, director Eiji Aonuma unintentionally revealed that the game's sequel was in development under the working title The Wind Waker 2; it was set to use a similar graphical style to that of its predecessor. Nintendo of America told Aonuma that North American sales of The Wind Waker were sluggish because its cartoon appearance created the impression that the game was designed for a young audience. Concerned that the sequel would have the same problem, Aonuma expressed to producer Shigeru Miyamoto that he wanted to create a realistic Zelda game that would appeal to the North American market. Miyamoto, hesitant about solely changing the game's presentation, suggested the team's focus should instead be on coming up with gameplay innovations. He advised that Aonuma should start by doing what could not be done in Ocarina of Time, particularly horseback combat.[l]", " In 2003, Nintendo announced that a new The Legend of Zelda game was in development for the GameCube by the same team that created the cel-shaded version of The Wind Waker. At the annual Game Developers Conference the following year, director Eiji Aonuma accidentally revealed that a sequel was in development under the working title The Wind Waker 2; it was planned to use a similar graphic style to its predecessor. Nintendo of America informed Aonuma that North American sales of The Wind Waker were slow due to its animated appearance, giving the impression it was intended for a young audience. Concerned that the successor would face the same issue, Aonuma expressed his desire to create a more realistic Zelda that would appeal to the North American market. Miyamoto, reluctant to change only the game's appearance, advised the team to focus instead on gameplay innovations. He suggested Aonuma start by addressing what couldn't be done in Ocarina of Time, particularly horse combat.", 0.95720357, 1)
('Each borough is coextensive with a judicial district of the state Unified Court System, of which the Criminal Court and the Civil Court are the local courts, while the New York Supreme Court conducts major trials and appeals. Manhattan hosts the First Department of the Supreme Court, Appellate Division while Brooklyn hosts the Second Department. There are also several extrajudicial administrative courts, which are executive agencies and not part of the state Unified Court System.', ' Each arrondissement is coextensive with a judicial district of the Unified Court System of the State, where the local Criminal Court and Civil Court courts are located. The Supreme Court handles major judgments and appeals. Manhattan houses the First Chamber of the Supreme Court, Appellate Division of the Second Department, while Brooklyn houses the Second Chamber. Additionally, there are several extrajudicial administrative tribunals, which are executive agencies and not part of the Unified Court System of the State.', 0.957476, 1)
('I Love New York (stylized I ❤ NY) is both a logo and a song that are the basis of an advertising campaign and have been used since 1977 to promote tourism in New York City, and later to promote New York State as well. The trademarked logo, owned by New York State Empire State Development, appears in souvenir shops and brochures throughout the city and state, some licensed, many not. The song is the state song of New York.', ' I ❤ NY is a logo and a song that form the basis of a promotional campaign for tourism in New York City, which has been used since 1977. The trademarked logo, owned by the New York State Empire State Development, appears in souvenir shops and brochures throughout the city and state, some of which are authorized, many not. The song is the official New York state song.', 0.9578613, 1)
('Economic anthropology attempts to explain human economic behavior in its widest historic, geographic and cultural scope. It has a complex relationship with the discipline of economics, of which it is highly critical. Its origins as a sub-field of anthropology begin with the Polish-British founder of Anthropology, Bronislaw Malinowski, and his French compatriot, Marcel Mauss, on the nature of gift-giving exchange (or reciprocity) as an alternative to market exchange. Economic Anthropology remains, for the most part, focused upon exchange. The school of thought derived from Marx and known as Political Economy focuses on production, in contrast. Economic Anthropologists have abandoned the primitivist niche they were relegated to by economists, and have now turned to examine corporations, banks, and the global financial system from an anthropological perspective.', ' Economic anthropology explains human economic behavior in its broadest historical, geographical, and cultural context. It has complex relationships with the economic discipline, which it is critical of. Its origins as a subfield of anthropology date back to Bronisław Malinowski, a Polish-British anthropology founder, and Marcel Mauss, a French compatriot, on the nature of gift exchange as an alternative to market exchange. Economic anthropology primarily focuses on exchange. In contrast, the scholarly tradition from Marx, known as Political Economy, focuses on production. Economic anthropologists have left behind the primitive niche assigned to them by economists and now study large-scale societies, such as large-scale societies, banks, and the global financial system, as anthropological subjects.', 0.9578946, 1)
('As of 21 February 2016[update] Spectre has grossed $879.3 million worldwide; $138.1 million of the takings have been generated from the UK market and $199.8 million from North America.', ' Up to February 21, 2016 [update], Spectre collected 879.3 million dollars worldwide; 138.1 million dollars came from the British market and 199.8 million dollars from North America.', 0.95823544, 1)
('As a Southern Gothic novel and a Bildungsroman, the primary themes of To Kill a Mockingbird involve racial injustice and the destruction of innocence. Scholars have noted that Lee also addresses issues of class, courage, compassion, and gender roles in the American Deep South. The book is widely taught in schools in the United States with lessons that emphasize tolerance and decry prejudice. Despite its themes, To Kill a Mockingbird has been subject to campaigns for removal from public classrooms, often challenged for its use of racial epithets.', ' As a black novel from the South and a coming-of-age story, the main themes of To Kill a Mockingbird revolve around racial injustice and the destruction of innocence. Scholars have noted that Lee also addresses issues of class, courage, compassion, and gender roles in deep South America. The book is widely taught in American schools with lessons emphasizing tolerance and condemning prejudice. However, To Kill a Mockingbird has been subjected to removal campaigns in public reading lists, often contested due to its use of racist terms.', 0.95858955, 0)
('The map of earthquake intensity published by CEA after surveying 500,000 km2 of the affected area shows a maximum liedu of XI on the China Seismic Intensity Scale (CSIS), described as "very destructive" on the European Macroseismic Scale (EMS) from which CSIS drew reference. (USGS, using the Modified Mercalli intensity scale (CC), also placed maximum intensity at XI, "very disastrous".) Two south-west-north-east stripes of liedu XI are centered around Yingxiu, Wenchuan (the town closest to the epicenter of the main quake) and Beichuan (the town repeatedly struck by strong aftershocks including one registering MS 6.1 on Aug 1, 2008), both in Sichuan Province, occupying a total of 2,419 km2. The Yingxiu liedu-XI zone is about 66 km long and 20 km wide along Wenchuan–Dujiangyan–Pengzhou; the Beichuan liedu-XI zone is about 82 km long and 15 km wide along An County–Beichuan–Pingwu. The area with liedu X (comparable to X on EMS, "destructive" and X on MM, "disastrous") spans 3,144 km2. The area affected by earthquakes exceeding liedu VI totals 440,442 km2, occupying an oval 936 km long and 596 km wide, spanning three provinces and one autonomous region.', 'The seismic intensity plan published by CEA after evaluating 500,000 km2 of the affected area shows a maximum degree XI on the Chinese seismic intensity scale (CSIS), described as "very destructive" on the European macrosismic scale (EMS) from which CSIS was derived. (USGS, using the Modified Mercalli scale (MM), also placed the maximum intensity at XI, "very catastrophic".) Two north-east-south-west bands of degree XI are centered around Yingxiu, Wenchuan (the nearest city to the main seismic epicenter) and Beichuan (the city hit by strong aftershocks including a registered MS 6.1 on August 1, 2008), both in the Sichuan province, occupying a total of 2,419 km2. The degree XI area of Yingxiu is approximately 66 km long and 20 km wide along Wenchuan–Dujiangyan–Pengzhou; the degree XI area of Beichuan is approximately 82 km long and 15 km wide along An County–Beichuan–Pingwu. The area of degree X (comparable to X on EMS, "destructive" and X on MM, "catastrophic") covers 3,144 km2. The area affected by earthquakes exceeding degree VI covers 440,442 km2, occupying an oval of 936 km in length and 596 km in width, covering three provinces and one autonomous region.', 0.95867085, 1)
('Chopin\'s output as a composer throughout this period declined in quantity year by year. Whereas in 1841 he had written a dozen works, only six were written in 1842 and six shorter pieces in 1843. In 1844 he wrote only the Op. 58 sonata. 1845 saw the completion of three mazurkas (Op. 59). Although these works were more refined than many of his earlier compositions, Zamoyski opines that "his powers of concentration were failing and his inspiration was beset by anguish, both emotional and intellectual."', ' During this period, Chopin\'s compositional output decreased year after year. He wrote twelve works in 1841, but only six in 1842 and six shorter pieces in 1843. In 1844, he composed only the Op. 58 sonata. The year 1845 brought the completion of three mazurkas (Op. 59). Nevertheless, as per Zamoyski, "his ability to focus was waning and his inspiration was under assault from both emotional and intellectual anxiety."', 0.9586824, 1)
('The context-sensitive button mechanic allows one button to serve a variety of functions, such as talking, opening doors, and pushing, pulling, and throwing objects.[e] The on-screen display shows what action, if any, the button will trigger, determined by the situation. For example, if Link is holding a rock, the context-sensitive button will cause Link to throw the rock if he is moving or targeting an object or enemy, or place the rock on the ground if he is standing still.[f]', ' The contextual button mechanism allows a single button to perform various functions, such as speaking, opening doors and pushing, pulling and throwing objects. [e] The screen display indicates which action, if any, the button will trigger, determined by the situation. For example, if Link holds a rock, the contextual button makes Link throw the rock if he is moving or targeting an object or enemy, or place it on the ground if he is stationary. [f].', 0.9587953, 1)
('Immediately after the earthquake event, mobile and terrestrial telecommunications were cut to the affected and surrounding area, with all internet capabilities cut to the Sichuan area too. Elements of telecommunications were restored by the government piece by piece over the next number of months as the situation in the Sichuan province gradually improved. Eventually, a handful of major news and media websites were made accessible online in the region, albeit with dramatically pared back webpages.', ' After the aftershocks of the seismic event, mobile and landline communications were cut off in the affected and surrounding regions, as well as all Internet capabilities in the Sichuan region. Communication elements were gradually restored by the government piece by piece over the following months, and the situation in Sichuan province gradually improved. Eventually, a handful of major news and media sites were made accessible online in the region, albeit with heavily reduced websites.', 0.9590231, 1)
('Antibiotics are screened for any negative effects on humans or other mammals before approval for clinical use, and are usually considered safe and most are well tolerated. However, some antibiotics have been associated with a range of adverse side effects. Side-effects range from mild to very serious depending on the antibiotics used, the microbial organisms targeted, and the individual patient. Side effects may reflect the pharmacological or toxicological properties of the antibiotic or may involve hypersensitivity reactions or anaphylaxis. Safety profiles of newer drugs are often not as well established as for those that have a long history of use. Adverse effects range from fever and nausea to major allergic reactions, including photodermatitis and anaphylaxis. Common side-effects include diarrhea, resulting from disruption of the species composition in the intestinal flora, resulting, for example, in overgrowth of pathogenic bacteria, such as Clostridium difficile. Antibacterials can also affect the vaginal flora, and may lead to overgrowth of yeast species of the genus Candida in the vulvo-vaginal area. Additional side-effects can result from interaction with other drugs, such as elevated risk of tendon damage from administration of a quinolone antibiotic with a systemic corticosteroid. Some scientists have hypothesized that the indiscriminate use of antibiotics alter the host microbiota and this has been associated with chronic disease.', " Antibiotics undergo an evaluation of potential side effects on humans and other mammals before clinical use, and are generally considered safe and well-tolerated. However, some antibiotics are linked to various unwanted side effects. Side effects can range from mild to severe, depending on the antibiotic, targeted organisms, and individual patient. Side effects may stem from the antibiotic's pharmacological or toxicological properties or may involve hypersensitivity reactions or anaphylaxis. New drugs' safety profiles are often less established than for those with long-term use. Side effects include fever, nausea, and major allergic reactions, such as photodermatitis and anaphylaxis. Common side effects include diarrhea, caused by intestinal flora disruption, leading to pathogenic bacteria overgrowth, like Clostridium difficile. Antibacterials can also impact vaginal flora, causing Candida overgrowth in the vulvo-vaginal area. Additional side effects can result from drug interactions, such as increased tendon damage risk from quinolone antibiotics and corticosteroids. Some scientists propose that indiscriminate antibiotic use alters the host microbiota and is linked to chronic diseases.", 0.9591784, 1)
('Sporadic use of the term for some of the subject matter occurred subsequently, such as the use by Étienne Serres in 1838 to describe the natural history, or paleontology, of man, based on comparative anatomy, and the creation of a chair in anthropology and ethnography in 1850 at the National Museum of Natural History (France) by Jean Louis Armand de Quatrefages de Bréau. Various short-lived organizations of anthropologists had already been formed. The Société Ethnologique de Paris, the first to use Ethnology, was formed in 1839. Its members were primarily anti-slavery activists. When slavery was abolished in France in 1848 the Société was abandoned.', ' The term "anthropology" was used occasionally for certain subjects later on, such as Étienne Serres\' use in 1838 to describe the natural history, or paleontology, of man based on comparative anatomy, and the creation of a chair in anthropology and ethnography at the Muséum national d\'histoire naturelle (France) by Jean Louis Armand de Quatrefages de Bréau in 1850. Several anthropological organizations of short duration had already been created. The Société Ethnologique de Paris, the first to use the term "ethnology," was founded in 1839. Its members were mainly anti-slavery activists. When slavery was abolished in France in 1848, the Society was abandoned.', 0.9603796, 1)
('Within the white inescutcheon, the five quinas (small blue shields) with their five white bezants representing the five wounds of Christ (Portuguese: Cinco Chagas) when crucified and are popularly associated with the "Miracle of Ourique". The story associated with this miracle tells that before the Battle of Ourique (25 July 1139), an old hermit appeared before Count Afonso Henriques (future Afonso I) as a divine messenger. He foretold Afonso\'s victory and assured him that God was watching over him and his peers. The messenger advised him to walk away from his camp, alone, if he heard a nearby chapel bell tolling, in the following night. In doing so, he witnessed an apparition of Jesus on the cross. Ecstatic, Afonso heard Jesus promising victories for the coming battles, as well as God\'s wish to act through Afonso, and his descendants, in order to create an empire which would carry His name to unknown lands, thus choosing the Portuguese to perform great tasks.', ' In the white shield, five quinas (small blue shields) with their five white bezants representing the five wounds of Jesus, when he was crucified, and popularly associated with the "Miracle of Ourique". The story linked to this miracle tells that before the Battle of Ourique (July 25, 1139), an old hermit appeared before Count Afonso Henriques (future Afonso I) as a divine messenger. He foresaw Afonso\'s victory and assured him that God was watching over him and his peers. The messenger advised him to leave his camp alone, if he heard the bell of a chapel ring, the following night. In doing so, he saw an apparition of Jesus on the cross. Moved, Afonso heard Jesus promise victories for the upcoming battles, as well as God\'s wish for him and his descendants to rule and create an empire bearing His name in unknown lands, thus choosing the Portuguese to accomplish great tasks.', 0.96038306, 1)
('A report released in January 2011 by the Diário de Notícias and published in Portugal by Gradiva, had demonstrated that in the period between the Carnation Revolution in 1974 and 2010, the democratic Portuguese Republic governments encouraged over-expenditure and investment bubbles through unclear Public–private partnerships and funding of numerous ineffective and unnecessary external consultancy and advisory of committees and firms. This allowed considerable slippage in state-managed public works and inflated top management and head officer bonuses and wages. Persistent and lasting recruitment policies boosted the number of redundant public servants. Risky credit, public debt creation, and European structural and cohesion funds were mismanaged across almost four decades.', ' Report published in January 2011 by Diário de Notícias and disseminated in Portugal by Gradiva, highlighted that during the period from the Carnation Revolution in 1974 to 2010, the democratic governments of the Portuguese Republic encouraged excessive spending and investment bulges through public-private partnerships and funding for numerous ineffective and unnecessary consulting firms and expertise cabinets. This led to significant drift in public works managed by the state and inflated prices and wages for leaders and upper management. Persistent and lasting recruitment policies increased the number of unnecessary civil servants. Credits were mismanaged, public debt was created, and structural and European imbalances were poorly handled for almost four decades.', 0.96096784, 1)
("Despite her editors' warnings that the book might not sell well, it quickly became a sensation, bringing acclaim to Lee in literary circles, in her hometown of Monroeville, and throughout Alabama. The book went through numerous subsequent printings and became widely available through its inclusion in the Book of the Month Club and editions released by Reader's Digest Condensed Books.", " Despite warnings from his editors that the book may not sell well, it quickly became a sensation, bringing Lee recognition in literary circles in his hometown of Monroeville, and throughout Alabama. The book underwent numerous reprints and became widely available due to its presence in the Book of the Month Club and editions published by Reader's Digest Condensed Books.", 0.9610014, 1)
('Charles Shields, who has written the only book-length biography of Harper Lee to date, offers the reason for the novel\'s enduring popularity and impact is that "its lessons of human dignity and respect for others remain fundamental and universal". Atticus\' lesson to Scout that "you never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view—until you climb around in his skin and walk around in it" exemplifies his compassion. She ponders the comment when listening to Mayella Ewell\'s testimony. When Mayella reacts with confusion to Atticus\' question if she has any friends, Scout offers that she must be lonelier than Boo Radley. Having walked Boo home after he saves their lives, Scout stands on the Radley porch and considers the events of the previous three years from Boo\'s perspective. One writer remarks, "... [w]hile the novel concerns tragedy and injustice, heartache and loss, it also carries with it a strong sense [of] courage, compassion, and an awareness of history to be better human beings."', 'Charles Shields, author of the only full-length biography to date on Harper Lee, explains the reason for the popularity and enduring impact of her novels, as they teach about human dignity and respect for others, which remain fundamental and universal. The lesson from Atticus to Scout that "you never really understand a person until you climb into their skin and walk around in it" illustrates his compassion. She reflects on this remark during Mayella Ewell\'s testimony. When Mayella reacts with confusion to Atticus\' question if she has friends of Mayella, Scout suggests she must be more alone than Boo Radley. Having escorted Boo Radley to his home after he saved them, Scout finds himself on the Radley porch and considers the events of the past three years from Boo\'s perspective. A noted writer comments: "[m]algrape that the novel deals with tragedy and injustice, pain and loss, it also carries a strong sensitivity [for] courage, compassion, and awareness of history to be better humans."', 0.9613935, 1)
("The story focuses on series protagonist Link, who tries to prevent Hyrule from being engulfed by a corrupted parallel dimension known as the Twilight Realm. To do so, he takes the form of both a Hylian and a wolf, and is assisted by a mysterious creature named Midna. The game takes place hundreds of years after Ocarina of Time and Majora's Mask, in an alternate timeline from The Wind Waker.", ' The story centers around the character Link, who endeavors to save Hyrule from being devoured by the corrupt parallel dimension called the Twilight Realm. In order to accomplish this, he transforms into both a Hylian and a wolf, and is aided by a enigmatic creature named Midna. The game unfolds several hundred years following Ocarina of Time and Majora Mask, in an alternate timeline from The Wind Waker.', 0.96140087, 1)
('The potential solar energy that could be used by humans differs from the amount of solar energy present near the surface of the planet because factors such as geography, time variation, cloud cover, and the land available to humans limits the amount of solar energy that we can acquire.', " The potential solar energy that humans can utilize is different from the solar energy present at the Earth's surface due to factors such as geography, time variation, cloud cover, and the land available to humans, restricting the solar energy we can harvest.", 0.9615314, 1)
("The topography of the state is roughly defined by the Continental Divide, which splits much of the state into distinct eastern and western regions. Most of Montana's 100 or more named mountain ranges are concentrated in the western half of the state, most of which is geologically and geographically part of the Northern Rocky Mountains. The Absaroka and Beartooth ranges in the south-central part of the state are technically part of the Central Rocky Mountains. The Rocky Mountain Front is a significant feature in the north-central portion of the state, and there are a number of isolated island ranges that interrupt the prairie landscape common in the central and eastern parts of the state. About 60 percent of the state is prairie, part of the northern Great Plains.", ' The geography of the state is approximately defined by the Rocky Mountains, which divide a large part of the state into distinct eastern and western regions. The majority of the seventy-six named peaks in the state are concentrated in the western half of the state, which is geologically and geographically part of the Northern Rockies. The Absaroka and Beartooth ranges in the south-central part of the state belong technically to the Central Rockies. The Continental Divide is a notable feature in the north-central part of the state, and there is a series of isolated mountain ranges that interrupt the prairie landscape in the central and eastern parts of the state. Approximately 60% of the state is prairie, part of the Northern Great Plains.', 0.9616677, 1)
('Broca, being what today would be called a neurosurgeon, had taken an interest in the pathology of speech. He wanted to localize the difference between man and the other animals, which appeared to reside in speech. He discovered the speech center of the human brain, today called Broca\'s area after him. His interest was mainly in Biological anthropology, but a German philosopher specializing in psychology, Theodor Waitz, took up the theme of general and social anthropology in his six-volume work, entitled Die Anthropologie der Naturvölker, 1859–1864. The title was soon translated as "The Anthropology of Primitive Peoples". The last two volumes were published posthumously.', ' Broca, being what would be called today a neurological surgeon, was interested in language pathology. He wanted to locate the difference between man and other animals, which seemed to reside in language. He discovered the human brain language center, today called Broca\'s area after him. His interests were mainly in biological anthropology, but a German philosopher specialized in psychology, Theodor Waitz, took up the theme of general and social anthropology in his six-volume work titled, Die Anthropologie der Naturvölker, 1859-1864. The title was quickly translated into "Anthropology of Primitive Peoples". The last two volumes were published posthumously.', 0.9617931, 1)
('Ethnohistory is the study of ethnographic cultures and indigenous customs by examining historical records. It is also the study of the history of various ethnic groups that may or may not exist today. Ethnohistory uses both historical and ethnographic data as its foundation. Its historical methods and materials go beyond the standard use of documents and manuscripts. Practitioners recognize the utility of such source material as maps, music, paintings, photography, folklore, oral tradition, site exploration, archaeological materials, museum collections, enduring customs, language, and place names.', ' Anthropology is the study of ethnographic cultures and native customs, examining historical records. It is also the study of the history of various ethnic groups that may or may not exist today. Anthropology uses historical and ethnographic data as a basis. Its historical methods and materials extend beyond the standard use of documents and manuscripts. Practitioners recognize the utility of source materials such as maps, music, paintings, photography, folklore, oral tradition, exploration of sites, archaeological materials, museum collections, durable customs, language, and place names.', 0.96183735, 1)
('In 2007 the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR), noted in its judgement on Jorgic v. Germany case that in 1992 the majority of legal scholars took the narrow view that "intent to destroy" in the CPPCG meant the intended physical-biological destruction of the protected group and that this was still the majority opinion. But the ECHR also noted that a minority took a broader view and did not consider biological-physical destruction was necessary as the intent to destroy a national, racial, religious or ethnic group was enough to qualify as genocide.', ' In 2007, the European Court of Human Rights (CEDH) noted in its judgment in the Jorgic case against Germany that, in 1992, the majority of jurists considered that "the intent to destroy" in the CPPCG meant the intention to destroy physically-biologically the protected group and that this remained the prevailing opinion. However, the CEDH also noted that a minority held a broader view and did not necessarily consider the requirement for physical-biological destruction to qualify a genocide the intention to destroy a national, racial, religious or ethnic group.Note: CPPCG refers to the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide.', 0.9621036, 1)
('Allusions to legal issues in To Kill a Mockingbird, particularly in scenes outside of the courtroom, has drawn the attention from legal scholars. Claudia Durst Johnson writes that "a greater volume of critical readings has been amassed by two legal scholars in law journals than by all the literary scholars in literary journals". The opening quote by the 19th-century essayist Charles Lamb reads: "Lawyers, I suppose, were children once." Johnson notes that even in Scout and Jem\'s childhood world, compromises and treaties are struck with each other by spitting on one\'s palm and laws are discussed by Atticus and his children: is it right that Bob Ewell hunts and traps out of season? Many social codes are broken by people in symbolic courtrooms: Mr. Dolphus Raymond has been exiled by society for taking a black woman as his common-law wife and having interracial children; Mayella Ewell is beaten by her father in punishment for kissing Tom Robinson; by being turned into a non-person, Boo Radley receives a punishment far greater than any court could have given him. Scout repeatedly breaks codes and laws and reacts to her punishment for them. For example, she refuses to wear frilly clothes, saying that Aunt Alexandra\'s "fanatical" attempts to place her in them made her feel "a pink cotton penitentiary closing in on [her]". Johnson states, "[t]he novel is a study of how Jem and Scout begin to perceive the complexity of social codes and how the configuration of relationships dictated by or set off by those codes fails or nurtures the inhabitants of (their) small worlds."', 'References to legal questions in To Kill a Mockingbird, particularly those outside the courtroom, have attracted the attention of legal scholars. Claudia Durst Johnson writes that "more critiques have been gathered by two legal scholars in law reviews than by all literary scholars in literary reviews." The opening citation by 19th century essayist Charles Lamb reads: "Lawyers, I suppose, were children once." Johnson notes that in Scout and Jem\'s world of childhood, compromises and treaties are made by shaking hands and laws are discussed between Atticus and his children: is it right that Bob Ewell hunts and traps out of season? Numerous social codes are broken in symbolic courts: Mr. Dolphus Raymond was excluded from society for taking a black common-law wife and having mixed-race children; Mayella Ewell was beaten by her father as penance for kissing Tom Robinson; in becoming an invisible person, Boo Radley receives a much harsher punishment than any court could give him. Scout repeatedly breaks codes and reacts to her punishment for it. For instance, she refuses to wear frilly clothes, saying that Aunt Alexandre\'s attempts to force her into them make her feel "like a pink cotton prison being locked up on [her]." Johnson declares, "[the novel is a study on how Jem and Scout begin to perceive the complexity of social codes and how the determined or provoked configuration of relationships based or caused by these codes fails or nourishes the inhabitants of (their) little worlds]."', 0.96213555, 1)
("Psychological anthropology is an interdisciplinary subfield of anthropology that studies the interaction of cultural and mental processes. This subfield tends to focus on ways in which humans' development and enculturation within a particular cultural group—with its own history, language, practices, and conceptual categories—shape processes of human cognition, emotion, perception, motivation, and mental health. It also examines how the understanding of cognition, emotion, motivation, and similar psychological processes inform or constrain our models of cultural and social processes.", ' Psychological anthropology is a sub-discipline of anthropology that studies the interaction of mental and cultural processes. This field of study tends to focus on how humans develop and mature within a specific cultural group—with its own history, language, practices, and conceptual categories—and influence therefore human thought processes, emotions, perception, motivation, and mental health. It also examines how our understanding of thought, emotions, motivation, and similar psychological processes informs or limits our models of cultural and social processes.', 0.96225333, 1)
('The effects of some types of mold on infection had been noticed many times over the course of history (see: History of penicillin). In 1928, Alexander Fleming noticed the same effect in a Petri dish, where a number of disease-causing bacteria were killed by a fungus of the genus Penicillium. Fleming postulated that the effect is mediated by an antibacterial compound he named penicillin, and that its antibacterial properties could be exploited for chemotherapy. He initially characterized some of its biological properties, and attempted to use a crude preparation to treat some infections, but he was unable to pursue its further development without the aid of trained chemists.', ' The effects of certain mushroom species on infections have been observed numerous times in history (see: History of Penicillin). In 1928, Alexander Fleming observed the same effect in a Petri dish, where a certain quantity of bacteria causing diseases were killed by a Penicillium species fungus. Fleming assumed that the effect was mediated by an antibacterial substance he named penicillin, and that its antibacterial properties could be exploited for chemotherapy. He initially characterized some of its biological properties, and attempted to use a rudimentary preparation to treat certain infections, but he could not continue its development without the help of trained chemists.', 0.96254355, 1)
("The New York City Police Department (NYPD) has been the largest police force in the United States by a significant margin, with over 35,000 sworn officers. Members of the NYPD are frequently referred to by politicians, the media, and their own police cars by the nickname, New York's Finest.", ' The New York Police Department (NYPD) is the largest police force in the United States with over 35,000 sworn officers. Members of the NYPD are frequently referred to as New York\'s Finest by politicians, the media, and their own police vehicles. (Note: In French, "sworn officers" can be translated as "agents sworn" or "agents of sworn police", but for the sake of brevity, I have used "sworn officers" in this translation.)', 0.96263045, 1)
('Native Alabamian Allen Barra sharply criticized Lee and the novel in The Wall Street Journal calling Atticus a "repository of cracker-barrel epigrams" and the novel represents a "sugar-coated myth" of Alabama history. Barra writes, "It\'s time to stop pretending that To Kill a Mockingbird is some kind of timeless classic that ranks with the great works of American literature. Its bloodless liberal humanism is sadly dated". Thomas Mallon in The New Yorker criticizes Atticus\' stiff and self-righteous demeanor, and calls Scout "a kind of highly constructed doll" whose speech and actions are improbable. Although acknowledging that the novel works, Mallon blasts Lee\'s "wildly unstable" narrative voice for developing a story about a content neighborhood until it begins to impart morals in the courtroom drama, following with his observation that "the book has begun to cherish its own goodness" by the time the case is over.[note 2] Defending the book, Akin Ajayi writes that justice "is often complicated, but must always be founded upon the notion of equality and fairness for all." Ajayi states that the book forces readers to question issues about race, class, and society, but that it was not written to resolve them.', ' Allen Barra, a native of Alabama, harshly criticized Lee and the novel in The Wall Street Journal, describing Atticus as "a repository of rural sayings" and viewing the novel as a "sweet myth" of Alabama history. Barra states: "It\'s time to stop claiming that To Kill a Mockingbird is a classic and timeless piece, deserving of a place among the great works of American literature. Its liberal humanism is regrettably outdated." In The New Yorker, Thomas Mallon criticizes the stern and moralistic tone of Atticus and labels Scout as a "well-made doll" whose language and actions are unlikely. Despite conceding that it functions, Mallon assails the unstable narrative voice of Lee for crafting a story of a tranquil neighborhood until it starts imposing morals in the judicial drama, followed by his observation that "the book began seeking its own approval" once the trial was over. In support of the book, Akin Ajayi writes that justice "is frequently complex, but must always be grounded in the principle of equality and fairness for all." Ajayi asserts that the book encourages readers to ponder questions regarding race, class, and society, but it was not penned to answer them.', 0.9626422, 1)
("Universal Music Group decided not to renew their contract with the iTunes Store on July 3, 2007. Universal will now supply iTunes in an 'at will' capacity.", ' The Universal Musical Group has decided not to renew their contract with iTunes store as of July 3, 2007. Universal will now provide iTunes on a voluntary basis.', 0.96270126, 1)
('This meagre statistic expanded in the 20th century to comprise anthropology departments in the majority of the world\'s higher educational institutions, many thousands in number. Anthropology has diversified from a few major subdivisions to dozens more. Practical anthropology, the use of anthropological knowledge and technique to solve specific problems, has arrived; for example, the presence of buried victims might stimulate the use of a forensic archaeologist to recreate the final scene. Organization has reached global level. For example, the World Council of Anthropological Associations (WCAA), "a network of national, regional and international associations that aims to promote worldwide communication and cooperation in anthropology", currently contains members from about three dozen nations.', ' This modest statistics expanded in the 20th century to include departments of anthropology in the majority of higher education institutions worldwide, numbering several thousands. Anthropology has diversified from a few major sub-divisions to over forty new ones. Applied anthropology, the use of anthropological knowledge and techniques to solve specific problems, emerged; for example, the presence of buried victims could prompt the intervention of a forensic archaeologist to reconstruct the final scene. The organization has reached a global level. For instance, the World Council of Anthropological Associations (WCAA), "a network of national, regional, and international associations aiming to promote global communication and cooperation in anthropology," currently has members from nearly thirty countries.', 0.96298003, 1)
('The novel is cited as a factor in the success of the civil rights movement in the 1960s, however, in that it "arrived at the right moment to help the South and the nation grapple with the racial tensions (of) the accelerating civil rights movement". Its publication is so closely associated with the Civil Rights Movement that many studies of the book and biographies of Harper Lee include descriptions of important moments in the movement, despite the fact that she had no direct involvement in any of them. Civil Rights leader Andrew Young comments that part of the book\'s effectiveness is that it "inspires hope in the midst of chaos and confusion" and by using racial epithets portrays the reality of the times in which it was set. Young views the novel as "an act of humanity" in showing the possibility of people rising above their prejudices. Alabama author Mark Childress compares it to the impact of Uncle Tom\'s Cabin, a book that is popularly implicated in starting the U.S. Civil War. Childress states the novel "gives white Southerners a way to understand the racism that they\'ve been brought up with and to find another way. And most white people in the South were good people. Most white people in the South were not throwing bombs and causing havoc ... I think the book really helped them come to understand what was wrong with the system in the way that any number of treatises could never do, because it was popular art, because it was told from a child\'s point of view." ', ' The novel is considered a factor in the success of the civil rights movement in the 1960s, as it arrived at the right moment to help the South and the nation face accelerating racial tensions (despite the fact that Lee had no direct involvement in them). The publication is so closely linked to the Civil Rights Movement that many studies of the book and biographies of Harper Lee include descriptions of important movement moments. Andrew Young, civil rights leader, comments that part of its effectiveness lies in the fact that it "inspires hope in the midst of chaos and confusion" and by using racial slurs shows the reality of the times in which it was written. Young sees the novel as "a work of humanity" in showing the possibility of people rising above their prejudices. Alabama author Mark Childress compares it to the impact of Uncle Tom\'s Cabin, a widely influential book in the beginning of the American Civil War. Childress states that the novel "gives whites in the South a way to understand the racism they were raised with and find another way. And most whites in the South were good people. Most whites in the South hadn\'t thrown bombs and caused damage ... I think the book really helped understand what was wrong with the system in the same way that any number of treaties couldn\'t, because it was a popular work, because it was told from a child\'s perspective."', 0.9632031, 1)
('Scholars argue that Lee\'s approach to class and race was more complex "than ascribing racial prejudice primarily to \'poor white trash\' ... Lee demonstrates how issues of gender and class intensify prejudice, silence the voices that might challenge the existing order, and greatly complicate many Americans\' conception of the causes of racism and segregation." Lee\'s use of the middle-class narrative voice is a literary device that allows an intimacy with the reader, regardless of class or cultural background, and fosters a sense of nostalgia. Sharing Scout and Jem\'s perspective, the reader is allowed to engage in relationships with the conservative antebellum Mrs. Dubose; the lower-class Ewells, and the Cunninghams who are equally poor but behave in vastly different ways; the wealthy but ostracized Mr. Dolphus Raymond; and Calpurnia and other members of the black community. The children internalize Atticus\' admonition not to judge someone until they have walked around in that person\'s skin, gaining a greater understanding of people\'s motives and behavior.', 'Researchers claim that Lee\'s approach to class and race was more complex "than to attribute racial prejudice mainly to poor white people ... Lee demonstrates how gender and class increase prejudice, silence voices that could challenge the existing order, and significantly complicate the conceptions of many Americans regarding the causes of racism and segregation." The medium-voiced narrative of Lee allows intimacy with the reader, regardless of class or cultural origin, and evokes a sense of nostalgia. By sharing Scout and Jem\'s perspective, the reader is allowed to engage with the conservative ante-bellum Mrs. Dubose; the Ewells of the lower class, and the Cunninghams who are also poor but behave very differently; the wealthy but ostracized Mr. Dolphus Raymond; and Calpurnia and other members of the black community. The children internalize Atticus\' admonition not to judge someone before walking in their shoes, thus gaining a greater understanding of people\'s motivations and behavior.', 0.96394324, 1)
("Despite the fact that humans have occupied the territory of Portugal for thousands of years, something still remains of the original vegetation. In Gerês both deciduous and coniferous forests can be found, an extremely rare worldwide mature mediterranean forest remain in some parts of the Arrábida mountain and a subtropical laurissilva forest, dating back to the Tertiary period, covers its largest continuous area in the world in the Madeira main island. Due to the human population decrease and rural exodus, Pyrenean oak and other local native trees are colonizing many abandoned areas. Boar, Iberian red deer, roe deer, Iberian wild goat, for example, are reported to be expanding greatly, during the last decades. Boars were found recently roaming at night inside large urban areas, like in Setubal. Protected areas of Portugal include one national park (Portuguese: Parque Nacional), 12 natural parks (Portuguese: Parque Natural), nine natural reserves (Portuguese: Reserva Natural), five natural monuments (Portuguese: Monumento Natural), and seven protected landscapes (Portuguese: Paisagem Protegida), which include the Parque Nacional da Peneda-Gerês, the Parque Natural da Serra da Estrela and the Paul d'Arzila.", ' Despite humans occupying Portuguese territory for thousands of years, something of the originality of the vegetation remains. In Gerês, there are deciduous and coniferous forests, a large-scale Mediterranean deciduous forest remains somewhere in the mountains of Arrábida, and a laurisilva subtropical forest covers its largest continuous area in the world on the main island of Madeira. Due to the decline in human population and rural exodus, Pyrenean oak trees and other local trees are colonizing more and more in abandoned areas. Wild boars, red deer, roe deer, and Iberian ibex are reported to have significantly increased in numbers during the last decades. Wild boars have recently been spotted wandering at night in large cities, such as Setúbal. The protected areas of Portugal include a national park (Portuguese: Parque Nacional), twelve natural parks (Portuguese: Parque Natural), nine natural reserves (Portuguese: Reserva Natural), five natural monuments (Portuguese: Monumento Natural), and seven protected landscapes (Portuguese: Paisagem Protegida), which include the Peneda-Gérês National Park, the Serra da Estrela Natural Park, and the Douro Valley.', 0.9640783, 1)
("Passos Coelho also announced that the retirement age will be increased from 65 to 66, announced cuts in the pensions, unemployment benefits, health, education and science expenses, abolished the English obligatory classes in Basic Education, but kept the pensions of the judges, diplomats untouched and didn't raise the retirement age of the military and police forces. He has, however, cut meaningfully the politicians salaries. These policies have led to social unrest and to confrontations between several institutions, namely between the Government and the Constitutional Court. Several individualities belonging to the parties that support the government have also raised their voices against the policies that have been taken in order to try to solve the financial crisis.", ' Passos Coelho announced an increase in the retirement age from 65 to 66, cuts in pensions, unemployment benefits, health, education and science expenses. However, the pensions of judges and diplomats were left untouched, and the retirement age of military and police forces was not raised. He significantly reduced the salaries of politicians. These policies resulted in social unrest and confrontations between various institutions, most notably between the Government and the Constitutional Court. Several individuals from the government-supporting parties also spoke out against these measures intended to address the financial crisis.', 0.96414477, 1)
('Anthropology is a global discipline where humanities, social, and natural sciences are forced to confront one another. Anthropology builds upon knowledge from natural sciences, including the discoveries about the origin and evolution of Homo sapiens, human physical traits, human behavior, the variations among different groups of humans, how the evolutionary past of Homo sapiens has influenced its social organization and culture, and from social sciences, including the organization of human social and cultural relations, institutions, social conflicts, etc. Early anthropology originated in Classical Greece and Persia and studied and tried to understand observable cultural diversity. As such, anthropology has been central in the development of several new (late 20th century) interdisciplinary fields such as cognitive science, global studies, and various ethnic studies.', ' Anthropology is a comprehensive discipline that requires the collaboration of humanities, social, and natural sciences. Anthropology is based on the knowledge of natural sciences, including discoveries about the origin and evolution of Homo sapiens, human physical characteristics, human behavior, variations among different human groups, how the evolutionary past of Homo sapiens influenced its social organization and culture, and social sciences, including human social and cultural organization, institutions, social conflicts, etc. Anthropology originated in ancient Greece and Persia and has studied and tried to understand observable cultural diversity. Therefore, anthropology has been central to the development of several new interdisciplinary fields in late twentieth-century such as cognitive science, global studies, and various ethnic studies.', 0.96458, 1)
("Beijing accepted the aid of the Tzu Chi Foundation from Taiwan late on May 13. Tzu Chi was the first force from outside the People's Republic of China to join the rescue effort. China stated it would gratefully accept international help to cope with the quake.", " Beijing accepted aid from Taiwan's Tzu Chi Foundation on May 13. Tzu Chi was the first organization from outside the People's Republic of China to contribute to the rescue effort. China expressed gratitude for international assistance in dealing with the earthquake.", 0.9647429, 1)
("LeToya Luckett and Roberson became unhappy with Mathew's managing of the band and eventually were replaced by Farrah Franklin and Michelle Williams. Beyoncé experienced depression following the split with Luckett and Roberson after being publicly blamed by the media, critics, and blogs for its cause. Her long-standing boyfriend left her at this time. The depression was so severe it lasted for a couple of years, during which she occasionally kept herself in her bedroom for days and refused to eat anything. Beyoncé stated that she struggled to speak about her depression because Destiny's Child had just won their first Grammy Award and she feared no one would take her seriously. Beyoncé would later speak of her mother as the person who helped her fight it. Franklin was dismissed, leaving just Beyoncé, Rowland, and Williams.", " Letoya Luckett and Roberson were no longer happy with Mathew's management of the group and were eventually replaced by Farrah Franklin and Michelle Williams. Beyoncé was moved by Mathew's management of the band and was eventually replaced by Farrah Franklin and Michelle Williams. Beyoncé experienced depression following the separation from Luckett and Roberson, after being publicly criticized by the press, critics, and blogs for her part in it. Her long-term boyfriend left her at that time. The depression was so severe it lasted several years, during which she sometimes spent days in her room and refused to eat anything. Beyoncé stated she had difficulty speaking about her depression because Destiny's Child had just won its first Grammy Award and she feared no one would take her seriously. Franklin was fired, leaving only Beyoncé, Rowland, and Williams.", 0.9648524, 0)
('Although the two displayed great respect and admiration for each other, their friendship was uneasy and had some qualities of a love-hate relationship. Harold C. Schonberg believes that Chopin displayed a "tinge of jealousy and spite" towards Liszt\'s virtuosity on the piano, and others have also argued that he had become enchanted with Liszt\'s theatricality, showmanship and success. Liszt was the dedicatee of Chopin\'s Op. 10 Études, and his performance of them prompted the composer to write to Hiller, "I should like to rob him of the way he plays my studies." However, Chopin expressed annoyance in 1843 when Liszt performed one of his nocturnes with the addition of numerous intricate embellishments, at which Chopin remarked that he should play the music as written or not play it at all, forcing an apology. Most biographers of Chopin state that after this the two had little to do with each other, although in his letters dated as late as 1848 he still referred to him as "my friend Liszt". Some commentators point to events in the two men\'s romantic lives which led to a rift between them; there are claims that Liszt had displayed jealousy of his mistress Marie d\'Agoult\'s obsession with Chopin, while others believe that Chopin had become concerned about Liszt\'s growing relationship with George Sand.', ' Despite mutually showing great respect and admiration for each other, their friendship was uncertain and displayed certain qualities of a love-hate relationship. Harold C. Schonberg believes that Chopin showed a "touch of jealousy and contempt" towards Liszt\'s virtuosity at the piano, and others have also argued that he was enamored of Liszt\'s theatrical art and success. Liszt was the dedicatee of Chopin\'s Op. 10 Etudes, and his performance of these etudes had prompted him to write to Hiller: "I would like to steal the way he plays my etudes." However, Chopin showed irritation in 1843 when Liszt played one of his nocturnes with numerous intriguing embellishments, to which Chopin responded that he should play the music as written or not play it at all, forcing a retraction. Most Chopin biographers claim that, after this, they had nothing more to do with each other, although in his letters dated up to 1848 he still referred to him as "my friend Liszt". Some commentators question events in their romantic lives that led to a rift between them; there are claims that Liszt showed jealousy towards his mistress Marie d\'Agoult and his obsession with Chopin, while others believe that Chopin was concerned about Liszt\'s growing relationship with George Sand.', 0.96515125, 1)
('Initial reactions to the novel were varied. The New Yorker declared it "skilled, unpretentious, and totally ingenious", and The Atlantic Monthly\'s reviewer rated it as "pleasant, undemanding reading", but found the narrative voice—"a six-year-old girl with the prose style of a well-educated adult"—to be implausible. Time magazine\'s 1960 review of the book states that it "teaches the reader an astonishing number of useful truths about little girls and about Southern life" and calls Scout Finch "the most appealing child since Carson McCullers\' Frankie got left behind at the wedding". The Chicago Sunday Tribune noted the even-handed approach to the narration of the novel\'s events, writing: "This is in no way a sociological novel. It underlines no cause ... To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel of strong contemporary national significance."', 'The initial reactions to this novel were varied. The New Yorker called it "clever, unassuming, and completely ingenious," and The Atlantic Monthly found it "pleasing, not demanding of reading," but considered the narrative voice—"a six-year-old girl with the prose style of a well-educated adult"—implausible. The Time review of the 1960 book states that "the reader learns some useful truths about little girls and about life in the South," and calls Scout Finch "the most appealing child since Carson McCullers\' Frankie was left alone at the ceremony." The Chicago Sunday Tribune noted the balanced approach of the novel\'s event narration, writing: "This is not in any way a sociological novel. It takes no sides ... To Kill a Mockingbird is a contemporary novel of great national significance."', 0.96539897, 1)
('The third-generation iPod had a weak bass response, as shown in audio tests. The combination of the undersized DC-blocking capacitors and the typical low-impedance of most consumer headphones form a high-pass filter, which attenuates the low-frequency bass output. Similar capacitors were used in the fourth-generation iPods. The problem is reduced when using high-impedance headphones and is completely masked when driving high-impedance (line level) loads, such as an external headphone amplifier. The first-generation iPod Shuffle uses a dual-transistor output stage, rather than a single capacitor-coupled output, and does not exhibit reduced bass response for any load.', ' The third generation iPod showed a low power response, as shown in audio tests. The combination of under-sized DC-blocking capacities and typical low impedance found in most consumer headphones creates a high frequency filter, reducing low frequency output. Similar capabilities were used in fourth generation iPods. The problem is reduced when high impedance headphones are used and is completely masked during high impedance load (output level), such as an external audio amplifier. The first generation iPod Shuffle uses a double transistor output stage instead of a capacitor decoupled one, and does not exhibit a low frequency response reduction for any load.', 0.96550465, 0)
('The earthquake was the worst to strike the Sichuan area in over 30 years. Following the quake, experts and the general public sought information on whether or not the earthquake could have been predicted in advance, and whether or not studying statistics related to the quake could result in better prediction of earthquakes in the future. Earthquake prediction is not yet established science; there was no consensus within the scientific community that earthquake "prediction" is possible.', ' The earthquake was the most violent to hit the Sichuan region in over 30 years. Following the earthquake, experts and the public sought information on the possibility of predicting such an event beforehand and on whether studying seismic statistics could lead to improved seismic predictions in the future. Predicting earthquakes is not yet an established science; there was no consensus in the scientific community regarding the possibility of "predicting" an earthquake.', 0.96562797, 1)
('Jonassohn and Björnson postulate that the major reason why no single generally accepted genocide definition has emerged is because academics have adjusted their focus to emphasise different periods and have found it expedient to use slightly different definitions to help them interpret events. For example, Frank Chalk and Kurt Jonassohn studied the whole of human history, while Leo Kuper and R. J. Rummel in their more recent works concentrated on the 20th century, and Helen Fein, Barbara Harff and Ted Gurr have looked at post World War II events. Jonassohn and Björnson are critical of some of these studies, arguing that they are too expansive, and conclude that the academic discipline of genocide studies is too young to have a canon of work on which to build an academic paradigm.', ' Jonassohn and Björnson argue that the primary reason no generally accepted definition of genocide has emerged is because scholars have shifted their focus to different epochs and found it convenient to use slightly different definitions to interpret events. For instance, Frank Chalk and Kurt Jonassohn have studied the entire history of humanity, while Leo Kuper and R.J. Rummel, in their recent work, have focused on the 20th century, and Helen Fein, Barbara Harff, and Ted Gurr have examined post-war events. Jonassohn and Björnson criticize these studies, arguing they are too expansive, and conclude that the academic discipline of genocide studies is too young to have a canon of works upon which to build an academic paradigm.', 0.96608174, 1)
('The study of genocide has mainly been focused towards the legal aspect of the term. By formally recognizing the act of genocide as a crime, involves the undergoing prosecution that begins with not only seeing genocide as outrageous past any moral standpoint but also may be a legal liability within international relations. When genocide is looked at in a general aspect it is viewed as the deliberate killing of a certain group. Yet is commonly seen to escape the process of trial and prosecution due to the fact that genocide is more often than not committed by the officials in power of a state or area. In 1648 before the term genocide had been coined, the Peace of Westphalia was established to protect ethnic, national, racial and in some instances religious groups. During the 19th century humanitarian intervention was needed due to the fact of conflict and justification of some of the actions executed by the military.', ' The study of genocide has mainly dealt with its legal aspect. Recognizing genocide as a crime involves a judicial pursuit, starting with considering genocide not only as a moral atrocity but also as a legal responsibility in international relations. In general, genocide is perceived as the deliberate killing of a particular group. However, it usually avoids the judicial process and pursuit because genocide is most often committed by the authorities of a state or region. Before the term "genocide" was officially defined in 1648 by the Treaty of Westphalia, it aimed to protect ethnic, national, racial, and in some cases, religious groups. In the 19th century, humanitarian intervention was necessary due to conflicts and justifications for certain military actions.', 0.9661869, 1)
('Reaction to the novel varied widely upon publication. Literary analysis of it is sparse, considering the number of copies sold and its widespread use in education. Author Mary McDonough Murphy, who collected individual impressions of To Kill a Mockingbird by several authors and public figures, calls the book, "an astonishing phenomenon". In 2006, British librarians ranked the book ahead of the Bible as one "every adult should read before they die". It was adapted into an Oscar-winning film in 1962 by director Robert Mulligan, with a screenplay by Horton Foote. Since 1990, a play based on the novel has been performed annually in Harper Lee\'s hometown of Monroeville, Alabama.', 'The reaction to the publication of this novel has varied greatly. A literary analysis of it is scant, considering the number of copies sold and its distribution in education. Author Mary McDonough Murphy, who has collected individual impressions of To Kill a Mockingbird from various authors and public figures, calls it "a remarkable phenomenon." In 2006, British librarians ranked it ahead of the Bible as one of "what every adult should read before dying." Since 1990, a play based on the novel has been performed annually in Harper Lee\'s hometown, Monroeville, Alabama.', 0.96687645, 1)
("Returning World War II veterans created a post-war economic boom and the development of large housing tracts in eastern Queens. New York emerged from the war unscathed as the leading city of the world, with Wall Street leading America's place as the world's dominant economic power. The United Nations Headquarters was completed in 1952, solidifying New York's global geopolitical influence, and the rise of abstract expressionism in the city precipitated New York's displacement of Paris as the center of the art world.", " The veterans of the Second World War brought about post-war economic growth and the development of extensive housing projects in the Queens district of New York. New York came out of the war undamaged as a world leading city, with Wall Street taking the lead for the United States as the dominant economic power of the world. The United Nations Headquarters were completed in 1952, strengthening New York's geopolitical power, and the emergence of abstract expressionism in the city caused Paris to be overshadowed as the art world hub.", 0.9669137, 1)
("On January 22, 2008, Apple reported the best quarter revenue and earnings in Apple's history so far. Apple posted record revenue of US$9.6 billion and record net quarterly profit of US$1.58 billion. 42% of Apple's revenue for the First fiscal quarter of 2008 came from iPod sales, followed by 21% from notebook sales and 16% from desktop sales.", " On January 22, 2008, Apple reported record revenue and net quarterly profits in the company's history. Apple recorded a revenue of 9.6 billion dollars US and a net quarterly profit of 1.58 billion dollars US. Forty-two percent of Apple's revenue for the first fiscal quarter of 2008 came from iPod sales, followed by 21% from portable computer sales and 16% from desktop computer sales.", 0.9670256, 1)
('Two Polish friends in Paris were also to play important roles in Chopin\'s life there. His fellow student at the Warsaw Conservatory, Julian Fontana, had originally tried unsuccessfully to establish himself in England; Albert Grzymała, who in Paris became a wealthy financier and society figure, often acted as Chopin\'s adviser and "gradually began to fill the role of elder brother in [his] life." Fontana was to become, in the words of Michałowski and Samson, Chopin\'s "general factotum and copyist".', ' Two Polish friends in Paris played important roles in Chopin\'s life. His classmate at the Conservatory of Warsaw, Julian Fontana, had first attempted, unsuccessfully, to establish a career in England; Albert Grzymała, who in Paris became a wealthy financier and a figure of society, often acted as Chopin\'s advisor. Fontana became, according to Michałowski and Samson, Chopin\'s "general factotum and copyist."', 0.9671145, 1)
("New York City is home to hundreds of cultural institutions and historic sites, many of which are internationally known. Museum Mile is the name for a section of Fifth Avenue running from 82nd to 105th streets on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, in an area sometimes called Upper Carnegie Hill. The Mile, which contains one of the densest displays of culture in the world, is actually three blocks longer than one mile (1.6 km). Ten museums occupy the length of this section of Fifth Avenue. The tenth museum, the Museum for African Art, joined the ensemble in 2009, however its Museum at 110th Street, the first new museum constructed on the Mile since the Guggenheim in 1959, opened in late 2012. In addition to other programming, the museums collaborate for the annual Museum Mile Festival, held each year in June, to promote the museums and increase visitation. Many of the world's most lucrative art auctions are held in New York City.", " New York City hosts several hundred cultural institutions and historical sites, many of which are internationally recognized. The Mile, which is a section of Fifth Avenue extending from 82nd to 105th streets on the East side of Manhattan, in an area sometimes called Upper Carnegie Hill, is the name given to a three-block-long section. Ten museums occupy the length of this section of Fifth Avenue. The tenth museum, the African Art Museum, joined the group in 2009, but its museum at 110th Street, the first new museum built on the Mile since the Guggenheim in 1959, opened at the end of 2012. In addition to other activities, the museums collaborate for the annual Museum Mile Festival, which takes place every year in June, to promote the museums and increase attendance. Many of the world's most lucrative art sales take place in New York.", 0.9672099, 1)
("Continental Portugal's 89,015 km2 (34,369 sq mi) territory is serviced by four international airports located near the principal cities of Lisbon, Porto, Faro and Beja. Lisbon's geographical position makes it a stopover for many foreign airlines at several airports within the country. The primary flag-carrier is TAP Portugal, although many other domestic airlines provide services within and without the country. The government decided to build a new airport outside Lisbon, in Alcochete, to replace Lisbon Portela Airport, though this plan has been stalled due to the austerity. Currently, the most important airports are in Lisbon, Porto, Faro, Funchal (Madeira), and Ponta Delgada (Azores), managed by the national airport authority group ANA – Aeroportos de Portugal.", "The 89,015 km2 (34,369 mi2) territory of continental Portugal is served by four international airports located near the main cities of Lisbonne, Porto, Faro and Beja. Lisbonne's geographical position makes it a stopover for many foreign airline companies at various airports in the country. The national airline is TAP Portugal, but several domestic airline companies also provide services within and outside the country. The government decided to build a new airport at Alcochete, outside Lisbonne, to replace Lisbonne Portela Airport, but this project has been halted due to austerity measures. Currently, the most important airports are located in Lisbonne, Porto, Faro, Funchal (Madeira) and Ponta Delgada (Açores), managed by the ANA – Aeroportos de Portugal national airport authority group.", 0.9674057, 1)
('In the spring of 1834, Chopin attended the Lower Rhenish Music Festival in Aix-la-Chapelle with Hiller, and it was there that Chopin met Felix Mendelssohn. After the festival, the three visited Düsseldorf, where Mendelssohn had been appointed musical director. They spent what Mendelssohn described as "a very agreeable day", playing and discussing music at his piano, and met Friedrich Wilhelm Schadow, director of the Academy of Art, and some of his eminent pupils such as Lessing, Bendemann, Hildebrandt and Sohn. In 1835 Chopin went to Carlsbad, where he spent time with his parents; it was the last time he would see them. On his way back to Paris, he met old friends from Warsaw, the Wodzińskis. He had made the acquaintance of their daughter Maria in Poland five years earlier, when she was eleven. This meeting prompted him to stay for two weeks in Dresden, when he had previously intended to return to Paris via Leipzig. The sixteen-year-old girl\'s portrait of the composer is considered, along with Delacroix\'s, as among Chopin\'s best likenesses. In October he finally reached Leipzig, where he met Schumann, Clara Wieck and Felix Mendelssohn, who organised for him a performance of his own oratorio St. Paul, and who considered him "a perfect musician". In July 1836 Chopin travelled to Marienbad and Dresden to be with the Wodziński family, and in September he proposed to Maria, whose mother Countess Wodzińska approved in principle. Chopin went on to Leipzig, where he presented Schumann with his G minor Ballade. At the end of 1836 he sent Maria an album in which his sister Ludwika had inscribed seven of his songs, and his 1835 Nocturne in C-sharp minor, Op. 27, No. 1. The anodyne thanks he received from Maria proved to be the last letter he was to have from her.', 'In autumn 1834, Chopin attended the Musical Festival of the Lower Rhine at Aix-la-Chapelle with Hiller, and it was there that Chopin met Felix Mendelssohn. After the festival, the three spent a "very enjoyable day," as described by Mendelssohn, playing and discussing music at Mendelssohn\'s piano, and they met Friedrich Wilhelm Schadow, director of the Academy of Fine Arts, and some of his prominent students such as Lessing, Bendemann, Hildebrandt and Sohn. In 1835, Chopin went to Carlsbad, where he spent time with his parents; it was the last time he saw them. On his way back to Paris, he met old friends from Warsaw, the Wodzińskis. He had met their daughter Maria in Poland five years earlier, when she was eleven years old. This encounter made her stay two weeks in Dresden, while he had initially planned to return to Paris via Leipzig. The fifteen-year-old composer\'s portrait of the young girl is considered, along with that of Delacroix, as one of the best representations of Chopin. In October, he finally arrived in Leipzig, where he met Schumann, Clara Wieck and Felix Mendelssohn, who organized a performance of his oratorio Saint-Paul, and who considered him a "perfect musician." In July 1836, Chopin went to Marienbad and Dresden to be with the Wodzińska family, and in September, he proposed to Maria, whose mother, the countess Wodzińska, had given her permission in principle. Chopin then went to Leipzig, where he presented Schumann with his Ballade in E minor, and at the end of 1836, he sent Maria an album in which his sister Ludwika had written seven of her songs, and his Nocturne in B-flat minor, Op. 27, No. 1. The insipid thanks he received from Maria were the last letter he had from her.', 0.96744716, 0)
('Rawski writes that Altan Khan\'s conversion to the Gelug "can be interpreted as an attempt to expand his authority in his conflict with his nominal superior, Tümen Khan." To further cement the Mongol-Tibetan alliance, the great-grandson of Altan Khan—the 4th Dalai Lama (1589–1616)—was made the fourth Dalai Lama. In 1642, the 5th Dalai Lama (1617–1682) became the first to wield effective political control over Tibet.', "Rawski writes that Altan Khan's conversion to Gelug could be interpreted as an attempt to ease his authority in his conflict with his nominal superior, Tümen Khan. To strengthen the Mongol-Tibetan alliance, Altan Khan's grandson—the 4th Dalai Lama (1589–1616)—was made the 4th Dalai Lama. In 1642, the 5th Dalai Lama (1617–1682) became the first to exercise effective political control over Tibet.", 0.9674885, 1)
('Beginning with the surge in coal use which accompanied the Industrial Revolution, energy consumption has steadily transitioned from wood and biomass to fossil fuels. The early development of solar technologies starting in the 1860s was driven by an expectation that coal would soon become scarce. However, development of solar technologies stagnated in the early 20th century in the face of the increasing availability, economy, and utility of coal and petroleum.', ' Since the energetic burst that accompanied the Industrial Revolution, energy consumption has continued to shift from wood and biomass to fossil fuels. The early development of solar technologies that began in the 1860s was driven by the fear that coal would soon become scarce. However, the development of solar technologies came to a halt in the first decades of the 20th century due to the increase in availability, economy, and utility of coal and oil.', 0.96753347, 1)
('Average annual precipitation is 15 inches (380 mm), but great variations are seen. The mountain ranges block the moist Pacific air, holding moisture in the western valleys, and creating rain shadows to the east. Heron, in the west, receives the most precipitation, 34.70 inches (881 mm). On the eastern (leeward) side of a mountain range, the valleys are much drier; Lonepine averages 11.45 inches (291 mm), and Deer Lodge 11.00 inches (279 mm) of precipitation. The mountains themselves can receive over 100 inches (2,500 mm), for example the Grinnell Glacier in Glacier National Park gets 105 inches (2,700 mm). An area southwest of Belfry averaged only 6.59 inches (167 mm) over a sixteen-year period. Most of the larger cities get 30 to 50 inches or 0.76 to 1.27 metres of snow each year. Mountain ranges themselves can accumulate 300 inches or 7.62 metres of snow during a winter. Heavy snowstorms may occur any time from September through May, though most snow falls from November to March.', " The annual average precipitation is 15 inches (380 mm), but large variations are observed. Mountain ranges block the Pacific Ocean's moisture, keeping it in western valleys and creating rain shadows towards the east. Heron, to the west, receives the most abundant rainfall, 34.7 inches (881 mm). In the eastern valleys (towards the wind) of a mountain range, precipitations are much less; Heron averages 11.45 inches (291 mm), and Deer Lodge 11 inches (279 mm). The mountains themselves can receive over 100 inches (2,500 mm), for example, Grinnell Glacier in Glacier National Park records 105 inches (2,700 mm). A southwest zone of Belfry recorded an average precipitation of only 6.59 inches (167 mm) over a sixteen-year period. Most major cities record 30 to 50 inches or 0.76 to 1.27 meters of snow per year. The mountains themselves can accumulate 300 inches or 7.62 meters of snow during a winter season. Intense snowstorms can occur at any time from September to May, although most snow falls from November to March.", 0.96757907, 1)
("New York is a global hub of international business and commerce. In 2012, New York City topped the first Global Economic Power Index, published by The Atlantic (to be differentiated from a namesake list published by the Martin Prosperity Institute), with cities ranked according to criteria reflecting their presence on similar lists as published by other entities. The city is a major center for banking and finance, retailing, world trade, transportation, tourism, real estate, new media as well as traditional media, advertising, legal services, accountancy, insurance, theater, fashion, and the arts in the United States; while Silicon Alley, metonymous for New York's broad-spectrum high technology sphere, continues to expand. The Port of New York and New Jersey is also a major economic engine, handling record cargo volume in the first half of 2014.", " New York is an international business and commerce hub. In 2012, New York, the city, held the first place in The Atlantic's Index of Economic Power Worldwide (to be distinguished from a homonymous list published by the Martin Prosperity Institute), ranking cities based on criteria reflecting their presence on similar lists published by other entities. The city is a major financial and banking center, retail sales, global trade, transportation, tourism, real estate, new technologies, traditional and digital media, legal, accounting, insurance, theater, fashion, and arts scene in the United States; while Silicon Alley, a metonym for New York's broad-spectrum high technology sector, continues to expand. The Port of New York and New Jersey is also an important economic engine, handling a record volume of cargo in the first half of 2014.", 0.9675852, 1)
('The two largest metropolitan areas have subway systems: Lisbon Metro and Metro Sul do Tejo in the Lisbon Metropolitan Area and Porto Metro in the Porto Metropolitan Area, each with more than 35 km (22 mi) of lines. In Portugal, Lisbon tram services have been supplied by the Companhia de Carris de Ferro de Lisboa (Carris), for over a century. In Porto, a tram network, of which only a tourist line on the shores of the Douro remain, began construction on 12 September 1895 (a first for the Iberian Peninsula). All major cities and towns have their own local urban transport network, as well as taxi services.', ' The two largest metropolitan areas each have their own metro network: the Lisbon Metro and the Metro Sul do Tejo in the Lisbon Metropolitan Area, and the Porto Metro in the Porto Metropolitan Area, each with over 35 km (22 mi) of lines. In Portugal, the tramway services in Lisbon have been provided by Carris - Companhia de Carris de Ferro de Lisboa (Carris), for over a century. In Porto, a tramway network, of which only a tourist line along the Douro riverside remains, began to be built on September 12, 1895 (first on the Iberian Peninsula). Every large city and commune has its own local transport urban network, as well as taxi services.', 0.9678601, 1)
('On 3 December, Chopin complained about his bad health and the incompetence of the doctors in Majorca: "Three doctors have visited me ... The first said I was dead; the second said I was dying; and the third said I was about to die." He also had problems having his Pleyel piano sent to him. It finally arrived from Paris in December. Chopin wrote to Pleyel in January 1839: "I am sending you my Preludes [(Op. 28)]. I finished them on your little piano, which arrived in the best possible condition in spite of the sea, the bad weather and the Palma customs." Chopin was also able to undertake work on his Ballade No. 2, Op. 38; two Polonaises, Op. 40; and the Scherzo No. 3, Op. 39.', 'On December 3rd, Chopin complained about his poor health and the incompetence of doctors in Majorca: "[Four doctors had visited my sickbed... The first one had declared me dead; the second one told me I was dying; and the third one told me I was about to die.]" He also had trouble getting his Pleyel piano to him. It finally arrived in Paris in December. Chopin wrote to Pleyel in January 1839: "[I am sending you my Préludes [(Op. 28)]. I finished them on your little piano, which arrived in perfect condition despite the rough sea, bad weather, and Palma\'s customs.]" Chopin was also able to work on his Ballade No. 2, Op. 38; two Polonaises, Op. 40; and the Scherzo No. 3, Op. 39.', 0.9679313, 1)
('Born in 1926, Harper Lee grew up in the Southern town of Monroeville, Alabama, where she became close friends with soon-to-be famous writer Truman Capote. She attended Huntingdon College in Montgomery (1944–45), and then studied law at the University of Alabama (1945–49). While attending college, she wrote for campus literary magazines: Huntress at Huntingdon and the humor magazine Rammer Jammer at the University of Alabama. At both colleges, she wrote short stories and other works about racial injustice, a rarely mentioned topic on such campuses at the time. In 1950, Lee moved to New York City, where she worked as a reservation clerk for British Overseas Airways Corporation; there, she began writing a collection of essays and short stories about people in Monroeville. Hoping to be published, Lee presented her writing in 1957 to a literary agent recommended by Capote. An editor at J. B. Lippincott , who bought the manuscript, advised her to quit the airline and concentrate on writing. Donations from friends allowed her to write uninterrupted for a year.', " Harper Lee, born in 1926, hails from the small Southern town of Monroeville, Alabama. She befriended rising writer Truman Capote there. Lee attended Huntingdon College in Montgomery from 1944 to 1945 and the University of Alabama from 1945 to 1949. While studying, she penned pieces for campus literary magazines, Huntress at Huntingdon and Rammer Jammer at the University of Alabama. At both institutions, she wrote short stories and other works on racial injustice, a topic seldom tackled on these campuses at the time. In 1950, Lee relocated to New York, where she worked as a reservation clerk for British Overseas Airways Corporation. It was there that she started writing a collection of stories and essays about Monroeville's people. In her quest for publication, she presented her work in 1957 to a literary agent recommended by Capote. A senior editor at J. B. Lippincott, who acquired the manuscript, urged her to abandon aviation and focus solely on writing. Her friends' contributions allowed her to write uninterruptedly for a year.", 0.967946, 1)
("By May 14, the Ministry of Civil Affairs stated that 10.7 billion yuan (approximately US$1.5 billion) had been donated by the Chinese public. Houston Rockets center Yao Ming, one of the country's most popular sports icons, gave $214,000 and $71,000 to the Red Cross Society of China. The association has also collected a total of $26 million in donations so far. Other multinational firms located in China have also announced large amounts of donations.", ' At the end of May 14th, the Ministry of Civil Affairs announced that 10.7 billion yuans (approximately US$1.5 billion) had been collected by the Chinese public. The Houston Rockets basketball center in China, Yao Ming, paid 1.2 million yuans (approximately US$180,000) and 420,000 yuans (approximately US$62,000) to the Chinese Red Cross. The association also collected a total of 200 million yuans (approximately US$30 million) in donations. Other multinational companies operating in China also announced significant donations. (Note: The conversion rates used in this translation are approximate and for illustrative purposes only.)', 0.96833384, 1)
("The dock connector also allowed the iPod to connect to accessories, which often supplement the iPod's music, video, and photo playback. Apple sells a few accessories, such as the now-discontinued iPod Hi-Fi, but most are manufactured by third parties such as Belkin and Griffin. Some peripherals use their own interface, while others use the iPod's own screen. Because the dock connector is a proprietary interface, the implementation of the interface requires paying royalties to Apple.", " The doc connector allowed iPod to connect to accessories, which frequently completed its musical, video, and photographic functions for iPod. Apple sold some accessories, such as iPod Hi-Fi, now discontinued, but most were manufactured by third parties like Belkin and Griffin. Some peripherals used their own interface, while others used iPod's screen. Since the connector interface is a proprietary one, implementing it required paying royalties to Apple.", 0.96868616, 1)
('The study of kinship and social organization is a central focus of sociocultural anthropology, as kinship is a human universal. Sociocultural anthropology also covers economic and political organization, law and conflict resolution, patterns of consumption and exchange, material culture, technology, infrastructure, gender relations, ethnicity, childrearing and socialization, religion, myth, symbols, values, etiquette, worldview, sports, music, nutrition, recreation, games, food, festivals, and language (which is also the object of study in linguistic anthropology).', ' Study of family and social organization is a key focus of sociocultural anthropology, as family is a universal human phenomenon. Sociocultural anthropology also addresses economic and political organization, law and conflict resolution, consumption and exchange patterns, material culture, technology, infrastructure, gender relations, ethnicity, livestock raising and social education, religion, myth, symbols, values, etiquette, worldview, sports, music, nutrition, leisure, games, food, festivals, and language (which is also the subject of study in anthropological linguistics).', 0.9687346, 1)
("In 2010, there were concerns among Tajik officials that Islamic militarism in the east of the country was on the rise following the escape of 25 militants from a Tajik prison in August, an ambush that killed 28 Tajik soldiers in the Rasht Valley in September, and another ambush in the valley in October that killed 30 soldiers, followed by fighting outside Gharm that left 3 militants dead. To date the country's Interior Ministry asserts that the central government maintains full control over the country's east, and the military operation in the Rasht Valley was concluded in November 2010. However, fighting erupted again in July 2012. In 2015 Russia will send more troops to Tajikistan, as confirmed by a report of STRATFOR (magazine online)", ' In 2010, there were concerns among Tajik authorities about the rise of military Islamism in the south of the country, following the escape of 25 militants from a Tajik prison in August, an ambush that killed 28 Tajik soldiers in the Rasht Valley in September, and another ambush in the valley in October that killed 30 soldiers, followed by fights in Gharm that left three militants dead. Up to that point, the Interior Ministry of the country claimed that the central government fully controls the south, and that the military operation in the Rasht Valley had been completed in November 2010. However, fighting broke out again in July 2012. In 2015, Russia sent more troops to Tajikistan, as confirmed by a STRATFOR (online magazine) report.', 0.96876913, 1)
('During the reign of the Jiajing Emperor (r. 1521–1567), the native Chinese ideology of Daoism was fully sponsored at the Ming court, while Tibetan Vajrayana and even Chinese Buddhism were ignored or suppressed. Even the History of Ming states that the Tibetan lamas discontinued their trips to Ming China and its court at this point. Grand Secretary Yang Tinghe under Jiajing was determined to break the eunuch influence at court which typified the Zhengde era, an example being the costly escort of the eunuch Liu Yun as described above in his failed mission to Tibet. The court eunuchs were in favor of expanding and building new commercial ties with foreign countries such as Portugal, which Zhengde deemed permissible since he had an affinity for foreign and exotic people.', ' During the reign of the Jiajing Emperor (r. 1521–1567), native Chinese ideology of Daoism was fully endorsed at the Ming court, while Tibetan Vajrayana and Chinese Buddhism were ignored or suppressed. According to the History of Ming, Tibetan lamas discontinued their journeys to Ming China and its court during this period. Grand Secretary Yang Tinghe under Jiajing was determined to weaken eunuch influence at court, as shown by the costly escort of eunuch Liu Yun mentioned earlier in his failed mission to Tibet. Court eunuchs were eager to establish and build new commercial links with foreign countries such as Portugal, which Zhengde considered permissible due to his fondness for foreign and exotic people.', 0.9688082, 1)
('East of the divide the Missouri River, which is formed by the confluence of the Jefferson, Madison and Gallatin rivers near Three Forks, flows due north through the west-central part of the state to Great Falls. From this point, it then flows generally east through fairly flat agricultural land and the Missouri Breaks to Fort Peck reservoir. The stretch of river between Fort Benton and the Fred Robinson Bridge at the western boundary of Fort Peck Reservoir was designated a National Wild and Scenic River in 1976. The Missouri enters North Dakota near Fort Union, having drained more than half the land area of Montana (82,000 square miles (210,000 km2)). Nearly one-third of the Missouri River in Montana lies behind 10 dams: Toston, Canyon Ferry, Hauser, Holter, Black Eagle, Rainbow, Cochrane, Ryan, Morony, and Fort Peck.', " At the west of the Missouri River, which originates from the confluence of Jefferson, Madison and Gallatin rivers near Three Forks, flows to the north-west through the central-western part of the state until Great Falls. From this point, it generally flows eastward over relatively flat agricultural lands and the Missouri Breaks until Fort Peck Reservoir. The section of the river between Fort Benton and Fred Robinson Bridge at the west border of Fort Peck Reservoir has been designated as a wild and scenic national river since 1976. The Missouri River enters North Dakota near Fort Union, having drained over half of Montana's area (82,000 square miles or 210,000 km2). Almost a third of the Missouri River in Montana is behind 10 dams: Toston, Canyon Ferry, Hauser, Holter, Black Eagle, Rainbow, Cochrane, Ryan, Morony and Fort Peck.", 0.9692192, 1)
("The 1916 Zoning Resolution required setbacks in new buildings, and restricted towers to a percentage of the lot size, to allow sunlight to reach the streets below. The Art Deco style of the Chrysler Building (1930) and Empire State Building (1931), with their tapered tops and steel spires, reflected the zoning requirements. The buildings have distinctive ornamentation, such as the eagles at the corners of the 61st floor on the Chrysler Building, and are considered some of the finest examples of the Art Deco style. A highly influential example of the international style in the United States is the Seagram Building (1957), distinctive for its façade using visible bronze-toned I-beams to evoke the building's structure. The Condé Nast Building (2000) is a prominent example of green design in American skyscrapers and has received an award from the American Institute of Architects as well as AIA New York State for its design.", " The 1916 zoning regulation required setbacks in new buildings and limited towers to a proportion of the lot size, allowing light to reach lower streets. The Art Deco style of the Chrysler Building (1930) and Empire State Building (1931), with their tapered summits and steel bases, reflected zoning requirements. These buildings feature distinctive ornamentation, such as the eagles at the corners of the 61st floor of the Chrysler Building, and are considered notable examples of the Art Deco style. A very influential example of the International Style in the United States is the Seagram Building (1957), characterized by its bronze I-beam facade that evokes the building's structure. The Condé Nast Building (2000) is a prominent example of green skyscraper design in the United States and received an award from the American Institute of Architects, as well as an AIA New York State award, for its design.", 0.96925235, 1)
('In 2011, the International Energy Agency said that "the development of affordable, inexhaustible and clean solar energy technologies will have huge longer-term benefits. It will increase countries’ energy security through reliance on an indigenous, inexhaustible and mostly import-independent resource, enhance sustainability, reduce pollution, lower the costs of mitigating global warming, and keep fossil fuel prices lower than otherwise. These advantages are global. Hence the additional costs of the incentives for early deployment should be considered learning investments; they must be wisely spent and need to be widely shared".', ' In 2011, the International Energy Agency stated that "the development of affordable, renewable, and clean solar energy technologies will have long-term benefits. It will increase energy security for countries by making them more dependent on an indigenous, renewable, and primarily independent resource from imports, increase sustainability, reduce pollution, lower costs for climate change mitigation, and keep oil prices lower than others. These benefits are global. Therefore, additional expenses for early deployment incentives should be considered as learning investments; they should be used wisely and widely shared."', 0.96928275, 1)
('Kublai Khan did not conquer the Song dynasty in South China until 1279, so Tibet was a component of the early Mongol Empire before it was combined into one of its descendant empires with the whole of China under the Yuan dynasty (1271–1368). Van Praag writes that this conquest "marked the end of independent China," which was then incorporated into the Yuan dynasty that ruled China, Tibet, Mongolia, Korea, parts of Siberia and Upper Burma. Morris Rossabi, a professor of Asian history at Queens College, City University of New York, writes that "Khubilai wished to be perceived both as the legitimate Khan of Khans of the Mongols and as the Emperor of China. Though he had, by the early 1260s, become closely identified with China, he still, for a time, claimed universal rule", and yet "despite his successes in China and Korea, Khubilai was unable to have himself accepted as the Great Khan". Thus, with such limited acceptance of his position as Great Khan, Kublai Khan increasingly became identified with China and sought support as Emperor of China.', ' Kubla Khan conquered the Southern Song Dynasty in China in 1279. Previously, Tibet was part of the primitive Mongol empire and later became one of the descendants of these empires with China as a whole under the Yuan Dynasty (1271-1368). Van Praag writes that this conquest "marked the end of independent China," which was then incorporated into the Yuan Dynasty that ruled in China, Tibet, Mongolia, Korea, part of Siberia, and Upper Burma. Morris Rossabi, professor of Asian history at Queens College, City University of New York, writes that "Khubilai wanted to be perceived both as the Khan of Khans of the Mongols and as the Emperor of China. Although he was closely linked to China from the 1260s, he continued, for a time, to claim universal sovereignty," and despite his successes in China and Korea, Khubilai was unable to impose himself as the Great Khan. Thus, with a limited acceptance of his position as Great Khan, Kubla Khan identified more and more with China and sought support as the Emperor of China.', 0.9693501, 1)
('Harper Lee has remained famously detached from interpreting the novel since the mid-1960s. However, she gave some insight into her themes when, in a rare letter to the editor, she wrote in response to the passionate reaction her book caused: "Surely it is plain to the simplest intelligence that To Kill a Mockingbird spells out in words of seldom more than two syllables a code of honor and conduct, Christian in its ethic, that is the heritage of all Southerners."', ' Harper Lee has remained famously detached from interpreting the novel since the mid-1960s. However, she gave some insights into her themes in a rare letter to the editor in response to the passionate reaction her book caused: "Certainly, it is not clear for the simplest intelligence that To Kill a Mockingbird spells out in words of seldom more than two syllables a code of honor and conduct, Christian in its ethic, which is the heritage of all Southerners."Translation: Harper Lee has remained aloof from interpreting the novel since the mid-1960s. However, she provided some insights into her themes in a rare letter to the editor in response to the passionate reaction her book caused: "Indeed, it is not clear even to the simplest minds that To Kill a Mockingbird lays out in simple words, a Christian ethical code and conduct, which is the heritage of all Southerners."', 0.96943307, 1)
('Applied Anthropology refers to the application of the method and theory of anthropology to the analysis and solution of practical problems. It is a, "complex of related, research-based, instrumental methods which produce change or stability in specific cultural systems through the provision of data, initiation of direct action, and/or the formulation of policy". More simply, applied anthropology is the practical side of anthropological research; it includes researcher involvement and activism within the participating community. It is closely related to Development anthropology (distinct from the more critical Anthropology of development).', ' Application of anthropology signifies the application of anthropology\'s methods and theories to the analysis and resolution of concrete problems. It is an "ensemble of connected methods, based on research, which produces change or stability in specific cultural systems by providing data, taking direct action and/or formulating policies." More simply, applied anthropology is the practical face of anthropological research; it involves active participation of the researcher and engagement with the participating community. It is closely related to development anthropology (distinct from critical development anthropology).', 0.9695499, 1)
('Anthrozoology (also known as "human–animal studies") is the study of interaction between living things. It is a burgeoning interdisciplinary field that overlaps with a number of other disciplines, including anthropology, ethology, medicine, psychology, veterinary medicine and zoology. A major focus of anthrozoologic research is the quantifying of the positive effects of human-animal relationships on either party and the study of their interactions. It includes scholars from a diverse range of fields, including anthropology, sociology, biology, and philosophy.[n 7]', ' Anthrozoology, also referred to as "human-animal studies," is the field of study focusing on the interaction between living beings. It is an interdisciplinary area that overlaps with various disciplines, such as anthropology, ethology, medicine, psychology, veterinary medicine, and zoology. The primary focus of anthrozoologic research is quantifying the positive effects of human-animal relationships on both parties and examining their interactions. Scholars from diverse fields, including anthropology, sociology, biology, and philosophy, contribute to this field. [Note 7].', 0.96973526, 1)
("Shuman built the world’s first solar thermal power station in Maadi, Egypt, between 1912 and 1913. Shuman’s plant used parabolic troughs to power a 45–52 kilowatts (60–70 hp) engine that pumped more than 22,000 litres (4,800 imp gal; 5,800 US gal) of water per minute from the Nile River to adjacent cotton fields. Although the outbreak of World War I and the discovery of cheap oil in the 1930s discouraged the advancement of solar energy, Shuman’s vision and basic design were resurrected in the 1970s with a new wave of interest in solar thermal energy. In 1916 Shuman was quoted in the media advocating solar energy's utilization, saying:", ' Shuman built the world\'s first solar thermal power station in Maadi, Egypt, between 1912 and 1913. Shuman\'s plant used parabolic troughs to power a 45–52 kilowatt (approximately 60–70 hp) engine that pumped more than 22,000 liters (4,800 imp gal; 5,800 US gal) of water per minute from the Nile River to adjacent cotton fields. Despite the outbreak of World War I and the discovery of cheap oil in the 1930s, Shuman\'s vision and basic design were resurrected in the 1970s with a new wave of interest in solar thermal energy. In 1916, Shuman was quoted in the media advocating solar energy\'s utilization, saying: "Shuman a construit la première centrale thermique solaire au monde à Maadi, en Égypte, entre 191', 0.9697585, 1)
('In the same judgement the ECHR reviewed the judgements of several international and municipal courts judgements. It noted that International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia and the International Court of Justice had agreed with the narrow interpretation, that biological-physical destruction was necessary for an act to qualify as genocide. The ECHR also noted that at the time of its judgement, apart from courts in Germany which had taken a broad view, that there had been few cases of genocide under other Convention States municipal laws and that "There are no reported cases in which the courts of these States have defined the type of group destruction the perpetrator must have intended in order to be found guilty of genocide".', ' In the same judgment, the European Court of Human Rights examined the rulings of several international and municipal courts. It noted that the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia and the International Court of Justice had ruled in favor of a narrow interpretation, according to which biological-physical destruction was required for an act to be qualified as genocide. The European Court of Human Rights also noted that, at the time of its judgment, apart from German courts which had taken a broad view, there were few cases of genocide under the municipal laws of the contracting parties and that "there was no reported case where the courts of these States had defined the type of destruction of the group that the perpetrator had to intend to be found guilty of genocide".', 0.9697679, 1)
("As a landlocked country Tajikistan has no ports and the majority of transportation is via roads, air, and rail. In recent years Tajikistan has pursued agreements with Iran and Pakistan to gain port access in those countries via Afghanistan. In 2009, an agreement was made between Tajikistan, Pakistan, and Afghanistan to improve and build a 1,300 km (810 mi) highway and rail system connecting the three countries to Pakistan's ports. The proposed route would go through the Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province in the eastern part of the country. And in 2012, the presidents of Tajikistan, Afghanistan, and Iran signed an agreement to construct roads and railways as well as oil, gas, and water pipelines to connect the three countries.", " As a mountainous landlocked country, Tajikistan doesn't have ports and the majority of transports are done through roads, air, and rail. For several years, Tajikistan has been pursuing agreements with Iran and Pakistan to obtain a port access in these countries through Afghanistan. In 2009, an agreement was reached between Tajikistan, Pakistan, and Afghanistan to improve and build a 1,300 km (810 mi) long railway connecting the three countries to Pakistani ports. The proposed route would pass through the Autonomous Province of Gorno-Badakhshan in the east of the country. And in 2012, the presidents of Tajikistan, Afghanistan, and Iran signed an agreement for the construction of roads, railways, oil pipelines, gas pipelines, and water pipelines to link the three countries.", 0.969792, 1)
('In paragraph 13 the judges raise the issue of the perpetrators\' access to the victims: "The historical examples of genocide also suggest that the area of the perpetrators’ activity and control, as well as the possible extent of their reach, should be considered. ... The intent to destroy formed by a perpetrator of genocide will always be limited by the opportunity presented to him. While this factor alone will not indicate whether the targeted group is substantial, it can—in combination with other factors—inform the analysis."', ' In paragraph 13, the judges address the subject of authors\' access to victims: "Historical examples of genocide suggest that the activity and control of the authors, as well as the potential reach of their influence, should be taken into account. ... The destructive intent formed by a genocide author is always limited by the opportunities presented to them. This factor alone will not reveal whether the targeted group is substantial, but it can, in combination with other factors, provide analysis."', 0.96983653, 0)
("Portugal's colonial history has long since been a cornerstone of its national identity, as has its geographic position at the south-western corner of Europe, looking out into the Atlantic Ocean. It was one of the last western colonial European powers to give up its overseas territories (among them Angola and Mozambique in 1975), turning over the administration of Macau to the People's Republic of China at the end of 1999. Consequently, it has both influenced and been influenced by cultures from former colonies or dependencies, resulting in immigration from these former territories for both economic and/or personal reasons. Portugal, long a country of emigration (the vast majority of Brazilians have Portuguese ancestry), has now become a country of net immigration, and not just from the last Indian (Portuguese until 1961), African (Portuguese until 1975), and Far East Asian (Portuguese until 1999) overseas territories. An estimated 800,000 Portuguese returned to Portugal as the country's African possessions gained independence in 1975. By 2007, Portugal had 10,617,575 inhabitants of whom about 332,137 were legal immigrants.", " The colonial history of Portugal has long been a cornerstone of its national identity, as well as its geographic location in southwest Europe, looking towards the Atlantic. It was one of the last Western European powers to abandon its overseas territories (including Angola and Mozambique in 1975), and it transferred the administration of Macau to the People's Republic of China at the end of 1999. As a result, it has been influenced and influenced cultures from its former colonies or dependencies, leading to immigration from these ancient territories for economic and/or personal reasons. Portugal, long a country of emigration (the majority of Brazilians have Portuguese ancestry), has become a net immigration country, not only from its latest overseas territories in India (Portuguese until 1961), Africa (Portuguese until 1975), and Asian Southeast (Portuguese until 1999). It is estimated that around 800,000 Portuguese returned to Portugal when its African possessions gained independence in 1975. According to the 2007 figures, Portugal had a population of 10,617,575, of whom approximately 332,137 were legal immigrants.", 0.9698782, 1)
('Christopher Orr, writing in The Atlantic, also criticised the film, saying that Spectre "backslides on virtually every [aspect]". Lawrence Toppman of The Charlotte Observer called Craig\'s performance "Bored, James Bored." Alyssa Rosenberg, writing for The Washington Post, stated that the film turned into "a disappointingly conventional Bond film."', ' Christopher Orr, writing in The Atlantic, criticized the film, stating that Spectre "backs down on almost all aspects." Lawrence Toppman of The Charlotte Observer described Craig\'s performance as "Bored, James Bored." Alyssa Rosenberg, writing for The Washington Post, expressed that the film turned into "a disappointingly conventional Bond film."', 0.9699235, 1)
('However questions still remain, as some of the corrupt government officials have still not been brought to justice, while the many families who lost their only child, are still seeking compensation and justice to what had happened. According to the Times, many parents were warned by the government not to stage a protest under the threat of arrest.', ' Despite this, there are still open questions, as some corrupt government officials have not been brought to trial, while many families who lost their only child continue to seek compensation and justice regarding what happened. According to The Times, many parents were warned by the government not to organize a demonstration under the threat of arrest.', 0.9699871, 1)
("During installation, an iPod is associated with one host computer. Each time an iPod connects to its host computer, iTunes can synchronize entire music libraries or music playlists either automatically or manually. Song ratings can be set on an iPod and synchronized later to the iTunes library, and vice versa. A user can access, play, and add music on a second computer if an iPod is set to manual and not automatic sync, but anything added or edited will be reversed upon connecting and syncing with the main computer and its library. If a user wishes to automatically sync music with another computer, an iPod's library will be entirely wiped and replaced with the other computer's library.", " During installation, an iPod is linked to a unique home computer. Each time an iPod connects to its home computer, iTunes can synchronize entire music libraries or playlists automatically or manually. Notations for songs can be defined on an iPod and later synchronized to the iTunes library, and vice versa. A user can access, play, and add music on a secondary computer if an iPod is manually, not automatically, configured. However, anything added or modified will be deleted upon connecting and syncing with the main computer and its library. If a user wants to automatically synchronize music with another computer, the iPod's library will be completely erased and replaced by that of the secondary computer.", 0.9700128, 1)
('Some authors argue that anthropology originated and developed as the study of "other cultures", both in terms of time (past societies) and space (non-European/non-Western societies). For example, the classic of urban anthropology, Ulf Hannerz in the introduction to his seminal Exploring the City: Inquiries Toward an Urban Anthropology mentions that the "Third World" had habitually received most of attention; anthropologists who traditionally specialized in "other cultures" looked for them far away and started to look "across the tracks" only in late 1960s.', 'Certain authors claim that anthropology was born and developed as the study of "other cultures," both in terms of time (past societies) and space (non-European/non-Western societies). For instance, the classic of urban anthropology, Ulf Hannerz, in the introduction to his seminal work Exploring the City: Inquiries Toward an Urban Anthropology, states that the "Third World" had traditionally received the most attention; anthropologists who had traditionally specialized in "other cultures" began to look "on the other side of the roads" only in the late 1960s.', 0.9700698, 1)
("Chopin arrived in Paris in late September 1831; he would never return to Poland, thus becoming one of many expatriates of the Polish Great Emigration. In France he used the French versions of his given names, and after receiving French citizenship in 1835, he travelled on a French passport. However, Chopin remained close to his fellow Poles in exile as friends and confidants and he never felt fully comfortable speaking French. Chopin's biographer Adam Zamoyski writes that he never considered himself to be French, despite his father's French origins, and always saw himself as a Pole.", "Chopin arrived in Paris in late September 1831; he never returned to Poland, making him one of the many Polish exiles of the Great Emigration. In France, he used the French versions of his given names, and after obtaining French citizenship in 1835, he traveled with a French passport. However, Chopin remained close to his Polish exile compatriots as friends and confidants, and he never felt out of place speaking French. According to Chopin's biography by Adam Zamoyski, he was never considered French, despite the French origins of his father, and he was always seen as a Pole.", 0.970245, 1)
("In the United Kingdom, the film grossed £4.1 million ($6.4 million) from its Monday preview screenings. It grossed £6.3 million ($9.2 million) on its opening day and then £5.7 million ($8.8 million) on Wednesday, setting UK records for both days. In the film's first seven days it grossed £41.7 million ($63.8 million), breaking the UK record for highest first-week opening, set by Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban's £23.88 million ($36.9 million) in 2004. Its Friday–Saturday gross was £20.4 million ($31.2 million) compared to Skyfall's £20.1 million ($31 million). The film also broke the record for the best per-screen opening average with $110,000, a record previously held by The Dark Knight with $100,200. It has grossed a total of $136.3 million there. In the U.K., it surpassed Avatar to become the country's highest-grossing IMAX release ever with $10.09 million.", ' In the UK, the film made 4.1 million pounds sterling (6.4 million dollars) from its previews on a Monday. It made 6.3 million pounds sterling (9.2 million dollars) on its opening day and then 5.7 million pounds sterling (8.8 million dollars) on a Wednesday, breaking records in the UK for those two days. In its first seven days, the film made 41.7 million pounds sterling (63.8 million dollars), breaking the record for the best weekly opening, previously held by Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban with 23.88 million pounds sterling (36.9 million dollars) in 2004. Its Friday-Saturday weekend generated 20.4 million pounds sterling (31.2 million dollars) against 20.1 million pounds sterling (31 million dollars) for Skyfall. The film also broke the record for the highest screen average opening, previously held by The Dark Knight with 100,200 pounds sterling ($147,000). It made a total of 136.3 million pounds sterling ($199.5 million) in the UK.In the UK, the film surpassed Avatar to become the biggest IMAX release in the country with 10.09 million pounds sterling. (Note: The dollars figures are approximate and have been converted from pounds sterling at an exchange rate of 1.33 dollars per pound sterling.)', 0.97040266, 1)
("iPods cannot play music files from competing music stores that use rival-DRM technologies like Microsoft's protected WMA or RealNetworks' Helix DRM. Example stores include Napster and MSN Music. RealNetworks claims that Apple is creating problems for itself by using FairPlay to lock users into using the iTunes Store. Steve Jobs stated that Apple makes little profit from song sales, although Apple uses the store to promote iPod sales. However, iPods can also play music files from online stores that do not use DRM, such as eMusic or Amie Street.", " iPods cannot play music files from stores using rival DRM technologies like Microsoft's WMA or RealNetworks' Helix, such as Napster and MSN Music. RealNetworks claims Apple creates problems by using FairPlay to lock users into the iTunes store. Nevertheless, iPods can also play music files from online stores that do not use DRM, like eMusic and Amie Street.", 0.97042483, 1)
('Soon after the victory in Ü-Tsang, Güshi Khan organized a welcoming ceremony for Lozang Gyatso once he arrived a day\'s ride from Shigatse, presenting his conquest of Tibet as a gift to the Dalai Lama. In a second ceremony held within the main hall of the Shigatse fortress, Güshi Khan enthroned the Dalai Lama as the ruler of Tibet, but conferred the actual governing authority to the regent Sonam Chöpel. Although Güshi Khan had granted the Dalai Lama "supreme authority" as Goldstein writes, the title of \'King of Tibet\' was conferred upon Güshi Khan, spending his summers in pastures north of Lhasa and occupying Lhasa each winter. Van Praag writes that at this point Güshi Khan maintained control over the armed forces, but accepted his inferior status towards the Dalai Lama. Rawski writes that the Dalai Lama shared power with his regent and Güshi Khan during his early secular and religious reign. However, Rawski states that he eventually "expanded his own authority by presenting himself as Avalokiteśvara through the performance of rituals," by building the Potala Palace and other structures on traditional religious sites, and by emphasizing lineage reincarnation through written biographies. Goldstein states that the government of Güshi Khan and the Dalai Lama persecuted the Karma Kagyu sect, confiscated their wealth and property, and even converted their monasteries into Gelug monasteries. Rawski writes that this Mongol patronage allowed the Gelugpas to dominate the rival religious sects in Tibet.', ' From the victory at Ü-Tsang, Gushi Khan organized a welcome ceremony for Lozang Gyatso the very day he arrived, a horse ride journey from Shigatse. Gushi Khan presented Tibet\'s conquest to the Dalai Lama as a gift. In a second ceremony held in Shigatse Fort\'s grand hall, Gushi Khan crowned the Dalai Lama as Tibet\'s sovereign, but in reality, granted the governing authority to the regent Sonam Chöpel. Although Goldstein writes that the Dalai Lama obtained the title of "supreme sovereign" in his own terms, the title of King of Tibet was conferred upon Gushi Khan, who spent his summers on pastures north of Lhasa and occupied Lhasa each winter. According to Van Praag, at this time, Gushi Khan retained control of the military forces but acknowledged his inferiority to the Dalai Lama. Rawski writes that the Dalai Lama shared power with his regent and Gushi Khan during his early secular and religious reign. However, Rawski notes that the Dalai Lama gradually extended his authority by presenting himself as Avalokitesvara through rituals, building the Potala Palace and other structures on traditional religious sites, and emphasizing the reincarnation lineage through written biographies. According to Goldstein, the Mongol patronage allowed the Gelugpas to dominate Tibet\'s religious rival sects.Rawski also writes that the Dalai Lama and Gushi Khan\'s government persecuted the Karma Kagyu sect, confiscated their properties and monastaries, and even transformed their monasteries into Gelug monasteries.', 0.97051454, 1)
('The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water.As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver. Notre Dame\'s dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options. On the Sustainable Endowments Institute\'s College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade. The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies. Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member.', ' The University of Notre Dame has integrated sustainability into its mission and established the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to accomplish goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, and transportation, as well as water. According to 2012 reports, four building construction projects were seeking LEED-Certified status, and three were pursuing LEED Silver. Notre Dame\'s dining services provide 40% of their food locally and offer sustainably caught seafood, along with numerous organic, fair-trade, and vegan options. In the Sustainable Endowments Institute\'s College Sustainability Report Card 2010, the University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade. The university also accommodates the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies. Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology, is a current faculty member.', 0.9707314, 1)
("Critics also note the entertaining methods used to drive the plot. When Atticus is out of town, Jem locks a Sunday school classmate in the church basement with the furnace during a game of Shadrach. This prompts their black housekeeper Calpurnia to escort Scout and Jem to her church, which allows the children a glimpse into her personal life, as well as Tom Robinson's. Scout falls asleep during the Halloween pageant and makes a tardy entrance onstage, causing the audience to laugh uproariously. She is so distracted and embarrassed that she prefers to go home in her ham costume, which saves her life.", 'The critics also note the entertaining methods used to advance the plot. While Atticus is away, Jem confines a classmate to the basement of the church during a game of Shadrach. This leads their black housekeeper Calpurnia to escort them and Scout and Jem to her church, allowing the children to discover a little of their personal lives, as well as that of Tom Robinson. Scout dozes off during the Halloween pageant and makes a late entrance on stage, causing hysterical laughter from the audience. She is so distracted and embarrassed that she prefers to return home in her pig costume, saving her life.', 0.9707563, 1)
('The novel has been noted for its poignant exploration of different forms of courage. Scout\'s impulsive inclination to fight students who insult Atticus reflects her attempt to stand up for him and defend him. Atticus is the moral center of the novel, however, and he teaches Jem one of the most significant lessons of courage. In a statement that foreshadows Atticus\' motivation for defending Tom Robinson and describes Mrs. Dubose, who is determined to break herself of a morphine addiction, Atticus tells Jem that courage is "when you\'re licked before you begin but you begin anyway and you see it through no matter what".', ' [The novel has been noted for its poignant exploration of various forms of courage. Scouts\' impulsiveness to fight against the students who defame Atticus reflects his attempt to defend and protect him. Atticus is the moral center of the novel, and he teaches Jem one of the most significant lessons of courage. In a declaration that foreshadows Atticus\' motivation for Tom Robinson\'s defense and describes Mrs. Dubose, determined to rid herself of a morphine addiction, Atticus tells Jem that courage is "when you are beaten in advance but you still start and keep going no matter what it is."].Translation: [The novel is recognized for its moving exploration of different types of courage. The Scouts\' impulsiveness to stand up against the students who slander Atticus reflects his effort to defend and shield him. Atticus is the moral heart of the novel, and he imparts to Jem one of the most meaningful lessons of courage. In a statement that foreshadows Atticus\' reason for Tom Robinson\'s defense and describes Mrs. Dubose, resolute in getting rid of her morphine dependency, Atticus tells Jem that courage is "when you are beaten in front but you still begin and persist in it, no matter what it is."].', 0.9707726, 1)
('Anthropology of development tends to view development from a critical perspective. The kind of issues addressed and implications for the approach simply involve pondering why, if a key development goal is to alleviate poverty, is poverty increasing? Why is there such a gap between plans and outcomes? Why are those working in development so willing to disregard history and the lessons it might offer? Why is development so externally driven rather than having an internal basis? In short why does so much planned development fail?', ' Anthropology of development has a critical tendency. The issues addressed and the consequences for the approach involve asking questions such as: why, if the main goal of development is to alleviate poverty, does poverty increase? What is this large gap between plans and results? Why do those involved in development seem so ready to neglect history and the lessons it could offer? Why is development so external rather than internal? In short, why do developments so often fail?', 0.9707844, 1)
('Chen Qingying, Professor of History and Director of the History Studies Institute under the China Tibetology Research Center in Beijing, writes that the Ming court conferred new official positions on ex-Yuan Tibetan leaders of the Phachu Kargyu and granted them lower-ranking positions. Of the county (zong or dzong) leaders of Neiwo Zong and Renbam Zong, Chen states that when "the Emperor learned the actual situation of the Phachu Kargyu, the Ming court then appointed the main Zong leaders to be senior officers of the Senior Command of Dbus and Gtsang." The official posts that the Ming court established in Tibet, such as senior and junior commanders, offices of Qianhu (in charge of 1,000 households), and offices of Wanhu (in charge of 10,000 households), were all hereditary positions according to Chen, but he asserts that "the succession of some important posts still had to be approved by the emperor," while old imperial mandates had to be returned to the Ming court for renewal.', ' Chen Qingying, a professor of History and director of Tibetan Studies at the China Tibet Research Center in Beijing, wrote that the Ming Court granted new official posts to the old Tibetan chiefs Phagmodru Kagyu and bestowed upon them inferior ranks. According to Chen, the county magistrates of Neiwo Zong and Renbam Zong, when "the Emperor learned the true situation of Phagmodru Kagyu, the Ming Court then appointed the county magistrates as senior officers of the Supreme Command of U and Tsang." The official posts that the Ming Court established in Tibet, such as senior and junior commanders, Qianhu offices (responsible for 1,000 households), and Wanhu offices (responsible for 10,000 households), were all hereditary positions according to Chen. However, he asserts that "the succession of certain important posts required imperial approval," while "imperial decrees of old had to be returned to the Ming Tribunal for renewal."', 0.97086173, 1)
('The novel exposes the loss of innocence so frequently that reviewer R. A. Dave claims that because every character has to face, or even suffer defeat, the book takes on elements of a classical tragedy. In exploring how each character deals with his or her own personal defeat, Lee builds a framework to judge whether the characters are heroes or fools. She guides the reader in such judgments, alternating between unabashed adoration and biting irony. Scout\'s experience with the Missionary Society is an ironic juxtaposition of women who mock her, gossip, and "reflect a smug, colonialist attitude toward other races" while giving the "appearance of gentility, piety, and morality". Conversely, when Atticus loses Tom\'s case, he is last to leave the courtroom, except for his children and the black spectators in the colored balcony, who rise silently as he walks underneath them, to honor his efforts.', ' This novel emphasizes the loss of innocence so often that critic R. A. Dave states that because each character must confront, or even experience a defeat, the book incorporates aspects of classical tragedy. By examining how each character handles their personal defeat, Lee constructs a framework for determining whether these characters are heroes or fools. She leads the reader in these judgments, alternating between unreserved adoration and sharp irony. Scout\'s encounter with the Missionary Society is an ironic contrast of women who ridicule, blow hot air, and "reflect an arrogant colonialist attitude towards other races," all while giving the impression of kindness, piety, and morality. However, when Atticus loses Tom\'s trial, he is the last to depart from the courtroom, aside from his children and the black spectators in the colored section, who rise quietly to acknowledge his efforts.', 0.970981, 1)
('Twilight Princess takes place several centuries after Ocarina of Time and Majora\'s Mask, and begins with a youth named Link who is working as a ranch hand in Ordon Village. One day, the village is attacked by Bulblins, who carry off the village\'s children with Link in pursuit before he encounters a wall of Twilight. A Shadow Beast pulls him beyond the wall into the Realm of Twilight, where he is transformed into a wolf and imprisoned. Link is soon freed by an imp-like Twilight being named Midna, who dislikes Link but agrees to help him if he obeys her unconditionally. She guides him to Princess Zelda. Zelda explains that Zant, the King of the Twilight, has stolen the light from three of the four Light Spirits and conquered Hyrule. In order to save Hyrule, Link must first restore the Light Spirits by entering the Twilight-covered areas and, as a wolf, recover the Spirits\' lost light. He must do this by collecting the multiple "Tears of Light"; once all the Tears of Light are collected for one area, he restores that area\'s Light Spirit. As he restores them, the Light Spirits return Link to his Hylian form.', ' Twilight Princess takes place several centuries after Ocarina of Time and Majora Mask, and begins with a young boy named Link working on a farm in Ordon Village. One day, the village is attacked by Bulblins, who kidnap the village children with Link in pursuit. Before he reaches a Wall of Darkness, a Dark Being resembling an Imp named Midna pulls him beyond the wall into the Kingdom of Darkness, where he is transformed into a wolf and imprisoned. Midna, who dislikes Link but agrees to help if he obeys unconditionally, frees him and leads him to Princess Zelda. Zelda explains that Zant, King of Darkness, has stolen the light from three of the Four Light Deities and has taken over Hyrule. To save Hyrule, Link must first restore the Light Deities by entering areas shrouded in darkness and, as a wolf, recover the Lost Light of the Deities. He must do this by collecting numerous "Tears of Light"; once all the Tears of Light are gathered for a zone, he restores the Light Deity of that zone. While they are being restored, the Light Deities return Link to his Hylian human form.', 0.97101706, 1)
('Agriculture and horticulture seek to optimize the capture of solar energy in order to optimize the productivity of plants. Techniques such as timed planting cycles, tailored row orientation, staggered heights between rows and the mixing of plant varieties can improve crop yields. While sunlight is generally considered a plentiful resource, the exceptions highlight the importance of solar energy to agriculture. During the short growing seasons of the Little Ice Age, French and English farmers employed fruit walls to maximize the collection of solar energy. These walls acted as thermal masses and accelerated ripening by keeping plants warm. Early fruit walls were built perpendicular to the ground and facing south, but over time, sloping walls were developed to make better use of sunlight. In 1699, Nicolas Fatio de Duillier even suggested using a tracking mechanism which could pivot to follow the Sun. Applications of solar energy in agriculture aside from growing crops include pumping water, drying crops, brooding chicks and drying chicken manure. More recently the technology has been embraced by vinters, who use the energy generated by solar panels to power grape presses.', ' Agriculture and horticulture seek to optimize solar energy capture to boost plant productivity. Techniques such as scheduled planting cycles, adapted row alignments, different row heights, and plant variety mixing can improve yields. Although solar energy is generally considered abundant, exceptions demonstrate the importance of solar energy for agriculture. During the short growing seasons of the Little Ice Age, French and English farmers used fruit walls to maximize solar energy collection. These walls functioned as thermal masses and accelerated ripening by keeping plants warm. The first fruit walls were built perpendicular to the ground and facing south, but over time, slanted walls were developed to make better use of sunlight. In 1699, Nicolas Fatio de Duillier even suggested using a tracking mechanism that could pivot to follow the Sun. Solar energy applications in agriculture are not limited to crop cultivation. Solar energy is also used for irrigation, drying crops, raising chickens, and drying manure. Recently, this technology has been adopted by vineyards, which use solar energy generated by solar panels to power grape presses.', 0.9711053, 1)
('Filming temporarily returned to England to shoot scenes at Blenheim Palace in Oxfordshire, which stood in for a location in Rome, before moving on to the city itself for a five-week shoot across the city, with locations including the Ponte Sisto bridge and the Roman Forum. The production faced opposition from a variety of special interest groups and city authorities, who were concerned about the potential for damage to historical sites around the city, and problems with graffiti and rubbish appearing in the film. A car chase scene set along the banks of the Tiber River and through the streets of Rome featured an Aston Martin DB10 and a Jaguar C-X75. The C-X75 was originally developed as a hybrid electric vehicle with four independent electric engines powered by two jet turbines, before the project was cancelled. The version used for filming was converted to use a conventional internal combustion engine, to minimise the potential for disruption from mechanical problems with the complex hybrid system. The C-X75s used for filming were developed by the engineering division of Formula One racing team Williams, who built the original C-X75 prototype for Jaguar.', " The film production returned briefly to England to shoot scenes at Blenheim Palace in Oxfordshire, which stood in for a Roman setting. Five weeks were spent in the city itself, utilizing sites like the Ponte Sisto and the Roman Forum. The production faced opposition from several special interest groups and city officials, worried about potential damage to historical sites in the area and the emergence of graffiti and trash in the film. A chase sequence was filmed along the Tiber river and through the streets of Rome, starring an Aston Martin DB10 and a Jaguar C-X75. The C-X75 had initially been designed as a four-motor electric hybrid vehicle with two jet turbines, but the project was scrapped. The filming version ran on a conventional internal combustion engine, to reduce risks from the intricate mechanical problems of the hybrid system. The C-X75s used for filming were engineered by Williams Formula One team's engineering department, which had constructed Jaguar's original C-X75 prototype.", 0.97118145, 1)
("To Kill a Mockingbird has been a source of significant controversy since its being the subject of classroom study as early as 1963. The book's racial slurs, profanity, and frank discussion of rape have led people to challenge its appropriateness in libraries and classrooms across the United States. The American Library Association reported that To Kill a Mockingbird was number 21 of the 100 most frequently challenged books of 2000–2009.", ' "To Kill a Mockingbird has been a source of significant controversies since it was first used as a school material in 1963. Racial slurs, obscenities, and open discussions of rape have led people to challenge its presence in libraries and classrooms across the United States. The American Library Association ranked it as the 21st most frequently challenged book of 2000-2009."', 0.9713907, 1)
("One of the central problems in the anthropology of art concerns the universality of 'art' as a cultural phenomenon. Several anthropologists have noted that the Western categories of 'painting', 'sculpture', or 'literature', conceived as independent artistic activities, do not exist, or exist in a significantly different form, in most non-Western contexts. To surmount this difficulty, anthropologists of art have focused on formal features in objects which, without exclusively being 'artistic', have certain evident 'aesthetic' qualities. Boas' Primitive Art, Claude Lévi-Strauss' The Way of the Masks (1982) or Geertz's 'Art as Cultural System' (1983) are some examples in this trend to transform the anthropology of 'art' into an anthropology of culturally specific 'aesthetics'.", " One of the central issues in anthropology of art concerns its universality as a cultural phenomenon. Several anthropologists have noted that Western categories of painting, sculpture, or literature, conceived as independent artistic activities, do not exist, or exist in significantly different forms, in most non-Western contexts. To overcome this difficulty, art anthropologists have focused their attention on formal characteristics in objects, which, although not exclusively artistic, possess evident aesthetic qualities. Boas' Primitive Art, Lévi-Strauss' The Raw and the Cooked (1982), and Geertz's Art as a Cultural System (1983) are examples of this trend to transform anthropology of art into cultural specific aesthetics.", 0.9718319, 1)
('There is very little voice acting in the game, as is the case in most Zelda titles to date. Link remains silent in conversation, but grunts when attacking or injured and gasps when surprised. His emotions and responses are largely indicated visually by nods and facial expressions. Other characters have similar language-independent verbalizations, including laughter, surprised or fearful exclamations, and screams. The character of Midna has the most voice acting—her on-screen dialog is often accompanied by a babble of pseudo-speech, which was produced by scrambling the phonemes of English phrases[better source needed] sampled by Japanese voice actress Akiko Kōmoto.', " There are very few speaking parts in the game, this is the case for most Zelda titles to date. Link remains silent in conversations, but growls during attacks or when injured and breathes during surprises. His emotions and reactions are mainly indicated visually through head signs and facial expressions. Other characters have similar language-independent verbalizations, including laughs, exclamations of surprise or fear, and screams. Midna has the most speaking parts—her on-screen dialogue is often accompanied by pseudo-phonetic babble, produced by sampling English phrases through the Japanese voice Akiko Kōmoto's voice.", 0.9718773, 1)
('Environmental anthropology is a sub-specialty within the field of anthropology that takes an active role in examining the relationships between humans and their environment across space and time. The contemporary perspective of environmental anthropology, and arguably at least the backdrop, if not the focus of most of the ethnographies and cultural fieldworks of today, is political ecology. Many characterize this new perspective as more informed with culture, politics and power, globalization, localized issues, and more. The focus and data interpretation is often used for arguments for/against or creation of policy, and to prevent corporate exploitation and damage of land. Often, the observer has become an active part of the struggle either directly (organizing, participation) or indirectly (articles, documentaries, books, ethnographies). Such is the case with environmental justice advocate Melissa Checker and her relationship with the people of Hyde Park.', ' Environmental anthropology is a sub-specialty within anthropology that actively examines the relationships between humans and their environment through space and time. The contemporary perspective of environmental anthropology, and arguably at least the setting, if not the subject, of most ethnographies and cultural fieldwork today, is political ecology. It is often characterized as being more informed about culture, politics, and power, globalization, local issues, and more. The focus and interpretation of data are often used for arguments for/against or the creation of policies, and for preventing corporate exploitation and damages to lands. Sometimes, the observer becomes an active part of the struggle, either directly (organization, participation) or indirectly (articles, documentaries, books, ethnographies). This is the case with environmental justice lawyer Melissa Checker and her relationships with the people of Hyde Park.', 0.9719196, 1)
("With third parties like Namco, Square Enix, Electronic Arts, Sega, and Hudson Soft all making games for the iPod, Apple's MP3 player has taken steps towards entering the video game handheld console market. Even video game magazines like GamePro and EGM have reviewed and rated most of their games as of late.", " With third parties like Namco, Square Enix, Electronic Arts, Sega and Hudson Soft developing games for iPod, Apple's MP3 player has taken steps into the portable gaming console market. GamePro and EGM magazines have evaluated and rated most of their games recently.", 0.97197443, 1)
('The Pamiri people of Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province in the southeast, bordering Afghanistan and China, though considered part of the Tajik ethnicity, nevertheless are distinct linguistically and culturally from most Tajiks. In contrast to the mostly Sunni Muslim residents of the rest of Tajikistan, the Pamiris overwhelmingly follow the Ismaili sect of Islam, and speak a number of Eastern Iranian languages, including Shughni, Rushani, Khufi and Wakhi. Isolated in the highest parts of the Pamir Mountains, they have preserved many ancient cultural traditions and folk arts that have been largely lost elsewhere in the country.', ' The Pamiri People of the Autonomous Province Gorno-Badakhshan, in the southeast, bordering Afghanistan and China, are ethnically called Tajiks but remain linguistically and culturally distinct. In contrast to the predominantly Sunni Muslim inhabitants of the rest of Tajikistan, the Pamiris follow the Ismaili sect of Islam en masse, and speak several Eastern Iranian languages, such as Shughni, Rushani, Khufi, and Wakhi. Isolated in the highest parts of the Pamir Mountains, they have preserved many ancient cultural traditions and popular arts that have been largely lost elsewhere in the country.', 0.97209466, 1)
('Japanese seismologist Yuji Yagi at the University of Tsukuba said that the earthquake occurred in two stages: "The 155-mile Longmenshan Fault tore in two sections, the first one ripping about seven yards, followed by a second one that sheared four yards." His data also showed that the earthquake lasted about two minutes and released 30 times the energy of the Great Hanshin earthquake of 1995 in Japan, which killed over 6,000 people. He pointed out that the shallowness of the epicenter and the density of population greatly increased the severity of the earthquake. Teruyuki Kato, a seismologist at the University of Tokyo, said that the seismic waves of the quake traveled a long distance without losing their power because of the firmness of the terrain in central China. According to reports from Chengdu, the capital of Sichuan province, the earthquake tremors lasted for "about two or three minutes".', ' Japanese seismologist Yuji Yagi from Tsukuba University declared that the earthquake took place in two stages: "The Longmenshan Fault, which measures 155 miles in length, split into two parts, with the first part tearing apart around 2 meters and the second part shearing 1.2 meters." His findings indicated that the earthquake lasted roughly two minutes and released 30 times more energy than the 1995 Hanshin earthquake in Japan, which claimed over 6,000 lives. Yagi underlined that the shallowness of the epicenter and the population density significantly amplified the earthquake\'s impact. Teruyuki Kato, seismologist from the University of Tokyo, stated that the seismic waves from the earthquake spread over a long distance without losing intensity due to the solid ground in central China. As per Chengdu reports, the capital city of Sichuan province, the seismic activities persisted "approximately two or three minutes."', 0.97218055, 1)
('Solar technologies are broadly characterized as either passive or active depending on the way they capture, convert and distribute sunlight and enable solar energy to be harnessed at different levels around the world, mostly depending on distance from the equator. Although solar energy refers primarily to the use of solar radiation for practical ends, all renewable energies, other than geothermal and tidal, derive their energy from the Sun in a direct or indirect way.', ' Solar technologies are characterized as passive or active based on how they capture, convert, and distribute solar light and enable the exploitation of solar energy at various levels around the world, mainly depending on the distance from the equator. Solar energy primarily refers to the use of solar radiation for practical purposes, but all renewable energies except geothermal and tidal derive their energy directly or indirectly from the Sun.', 0.97232914, 1)
('Ecuador, Colombia, Guyana, Peru, and Brazil were the top source countries from South America for legal immigrants to the New York City region in 2013; the Dominican Republic, Jamaica, Haiti, and Trinidad and Tobago in the Caribbean; Egypt, Ghana, and Nigeria from Africa; and El Salvador, Honduras, and Guatemala in Central America. Amidst a resurgence of Puerto Rican migration to New York City, this population had increased to approximately 1.3 million in the metropolitan area as of 2013.', ' Equator, Colombia, Guyana, Peru, and Brazil were the top countries of origin for legal immigrants in New York City area in 2013. The Caribbean countries were the Dominican Republic, Jamaica, Haiti, and Trinidad and Tobago. In Africa, it was Egypt, Ghana, and Nigeria. In Central America, it was El Salvador, Honduras, and Guatemala. In the context of a resurgence of Puerto Rican migration to New York, this population numbered approximately 1.3 million in the metropolitan area as of 2013.', 0.9724964, 1)
('According to the United States Geological Survey, an updated analysis of seismic hazard in July 2014 revealed a "slightly lower hazard for tall buildings" in New York City than previously assessed. Scientists estimated this lessened risk based upon a lower likelihood than previously thought of slow shaking near the city, which would be more likely to cause damage to taller structures from an earthquake in the vicinity of the city.', 'According to the United States Geological Survey, an updated analysis of seismic hazard in July 2014 revealed a slightly lower risk for tall buildings in New York City than previously assessed. Scientists estimated this lessened risk based on a lower likelihood than previously thought of slow shaking near the city. This would be more likely to cause damage to taller structures from an earthquake in the vicinity of the city.Translation:According to the United States Geological Survey, a revised seismic risk assessment in July 2014 indicated a reduced risk for tall structures in New York City compared to previous evaluations. Scientists determined this decreased risk due to a lower probability than previously believed of experiencing slow seismic activity in the city, which would primarily affect taller buildings during an earthquake occurring nearby.', 0.9726636, 1)
("Atticus does not want Jem and Scout to be present at Tom Robinson's trial. No seat is available on the main floor, so by invitation of Rev. Sykes, Jem, Scout, and Dill watch from the colored balcony. Atticus establishes that the accusers—Mayella and her father, Bob Ewell, the town drunk—are lying. It also becomes clear that the friendless Mayella made sexual advances toward Tom, and that her father caught her and beat her. Despite significant evidence of Tom's innocence, the jury convicts him. Jem's faith in justice becomes badly shaken, as is Atticus', when the hapless Tom is shot and killed while trying to escape from prison.", " Atticus didn't want Jem and Scout to be present at Tom Robinson's trial. No room was available on the floor, so, thanks to Reverend Sykes' invitation, Jem, Scout and Dill watched from the colored balcony. Atticus established that the accusers—Mayella and her father, Bob Ewell, the town drunk—were lying. It also became clear that the unfortunate Mayella had made sexual advances to Tom, and that her father had beaten her. Despite significant proofs of Tom's innocence, the jury found him guilty. Jem's faith in justice was severely shaken, as was Atticus', when the unfortunate Tom was shot and killed trying to escape from the prison.", 0.9727831, 1)
('Portugal’s national energy transmission company, Redes Energéticas Nacionais (REN), uses sophisticated modeling to predict weather, especially wind patterns, and computer programs to calculate energy from the various renewable-energy plants. Before the solar/wind revolution, Portugal had generated electricity from hydropower plants on its rivers for decades. New programs combine wind and water: wind-driven turbines pump water uphill at night, the most blustery period; then the water flows downhill by day, generating electricity, when consumer demand is highest. Portugal’s distribution system is also now a two-way street. Instead of just delivering electricity, it draws electricity from even the smallest generators, like rooftop solar panels. The government aggressively encouraged such contributions by setting a premium price for those who buy rooftop-generated solar electricity.', ' The National Electricity Transmission Grid of Portugal, Redes Energéticas Nacionais (REN), uses sophisticated models to predict the weather, and especially wind models, and computer programs to calculate the energy of renewable wind and solar power plants. Before the solar/wind revolution, Portugal produced electricity from hydroelectric power plants on its rivers for decades. New programs combine wind and water: wind turbines pump water uphill at night, the windiest period; then the water flows downhill during the day, generating electricity, when consumer demand is highest. The Portuguese power distribution network is now bidirectional. Instead of just supplying electricity, it withdraws electricity from the smallest generators, such as rooftop solar panels. The government aggressively encouraged these contributions by setting a preferential price for those buying solar electricity generated on rooftops.', 0.97283983, 1)
('The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006. WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88.9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves. Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM. More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet.', ' NDtv network went from a single show in 2002 to a 24-hour channel with original programs until September 2006. WSND-FM serves the student community and beyond in South Bend on 88.9 FM, providing students an opportunity to air classical music, fine arts, and educational programs, and alternative music on the airwaves. Another radio, WVFI, started as a partner of WSND-FM. However, recently, WVFI broadcasts independently and is available online on the Internet.', 0.97284967, 1)
("On August 24, 2006, Apple and Creative announced a broad settlement to end their legal disputes. Apple will pay Creative US$100 million for a paid-up license, to use Creative's awarded patent in all Apple products. As part of the agreement, Apple will recoup part of its payment, if Creative is successful in licensing the patent. Creative then announced its intention to produce iPod accessories by joining the Made for iPod program.", " On August 24, 2006, Apple and Creative announced a global settlement to end their legal disputes. Apple paid Creative $100 million for a acquired license, allowing Apple to use Creative's patent in all its Apple products. As part of the agreement, Apple gets a portion of its payment back if Creative successfully licenses the patent. Creative then announced its intention to produce iPod accessories by joining the Made for iPod program. (Note: The Made for iPod program is a manufacturing program for third-party accessory makers to develop and sell accessories that are compatible with Apple's iPod line of portable media players.)", 0.9728726, 1)
("All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program. The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major. Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested. The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring. This program has been recognized previously, by U.S. News & World Report, as outstanding.", ' All licensed students of Notre Dame are members of one of the five colleges of university studies on campus or the First Year Studies program. This program was established in 1962 to support new students during their first year before they choose their major. Each student has an academic counselor from the program who helps them choose courses that offer a diverse experience in any field they may be interested in. This program includes a Pedagogical Resources Center that provides time management assistance, collaborative learning, and specialized tutoring. This program was previously recognized by U.S. News & World Report as excellent.', 0.9729664, 1)
('Lee modeled the character of Dill on her childhood friend, Truman Capote, known then as Truman Persons. Just as Dill lived next door to Scout during the summer, Capote lived next door to Lee with his aunts while his mother visited New York City. Like Dill, Capote had an impressive imagination and a gift for fascinating stories. Both Lee and Capote were atypical children: both loved to read. Lee was a scrappy tomboy who was quick to fight, but Capote was ridiculed for his advanced vocabulary and lisp. She and Capote made up and acted out stories they wrote on an old Underwood typewriter Lee\'s father gave them. They became good friends when both felt alienated from their peers; Capote called the two of them "apart people". In 1960, Capote and Lee traveled to Kansas together to investigate the multiple murders that were the basis for Capote\'s nonfiction novel In Cold Blood.', ' Lee modeled the character of Dill on his childhood friend, Truman Capote, known then as Truman Persons. As Dill lived next to Scout during the summer, Capote lived next to Lee with his aunts while his mother went to New York City. Like Dill, Capote had an impressive imagination and told fascinating stories. The two, Lee and Capote, were unusual children: both loved to read. Lee was a rebellious girl who fought quickly, but Capote was mocked for his advanced vocabulary and lisp. They reconciled and wrote stories on an old Underwood typewriter that Lee\'s father had given them. They became good friends when both felt excluded by their peers; Capote called them "outsiders." In 1960, Capote and Lee went together to Kansas to investigate the multiple murders that served as the basis for Capote\'s non-fiction novel In Cold Blood.', 0.9730458, 1)
('In September 2007, during a lawsuit with patent holding company Burst.com, Apple drew attention to a patent for a similar device that was developed in 1979. Kane Kramer applied for a UK patent for his design of a "plastic music box" in 1981, which he called the IXI. He was unable to secure funding to renew the US$120,000 worldwide patent, so it lapsed and Kramer never profited from his idea.', ' In September 2007, in a lawsuit against patent holding company Burst.com, Apple drew attention to a similar patent they had developed in 1979. Kane Kramer had filed a patent application in the UK for his design of a "plastic musical box" in 1981, which he called the LIXI. He couldn\'t secure the $120,000 global funding to renew the patent, so it expired and Kramer never received any benefits from his idea. (Note: The term "plastic music box" is not directly translatable to French as it is a specific term used in English to describe Kramer\'s invention. In French, it would be more accurately translated as a "musical box in plastic" or "plastic musical instrument". However, since the original text uses the term "plastic music box", I have translated it as such in the French version as well.)', 0.97313344, 1)
('Waitz was influential among the British ethnologists. In 1863 the explorer Richard Francis Burton and the speech therapist James Hunt broke away from the Ethnological Society of London to form the Anthropological Society of London, which henceforward would follow the path of the new anthropology rather than just ethnology. It was the 2nd society dedicated to general anthropology in existence. Representatives from the French Société were present, though not Broca. In his keynote address, printed in the first volume of its new publication, The Anthropological Review, Hunt stressed the work of Waitz, adopting his definitions as a standard.[n 5] Among the first associates were the young Edward Burnett Tylor, inventor of cultural anthropology, and his brother Alfred Tylor, a geologist. Previously Edward had referred to himself as an ethnologist; subsequently, an anthropologist.', " Waitz had a significant influence among British ethnologists. In 1863, the explorer Richard Francis Burton and the speech therapist James Hunt left the Ethnological Society of London to form the Anthropological Society of London, which from then on followed the path of anthropology rather than ethnology. It was the 2nd society dedicated to general anthropology to exist. Representatives of the French Society were present, but not Broca. In his opening speech, printed in the first volume of his new publication, The Anthropological Review, Hunt highlighted Waitz's work, adopting it as a reference.[n 5] Among the first associates were the young Edward Burnett Tylor, inventor of cultural anthropology, and his brother Alfred Tylor, a geologist. Previously, Edward had referred to himself as an ethnologist; later, he identified himself as an anthropologist.", 0.9731475, 1)
('The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame. It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates. The Rev. Michael J. Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F. Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics. The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928. The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name. Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all. While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"', '[The "Victorious March of Notre Dame" is the battle hymn of the University of Notre Dame. It was written by two Notre Dame graduates. Father Michael J. Shea, a 1904 graduate, composed the music, and his brother, John F. Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics. The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; they were published under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928. The chorus is, "Go, go for old Notre Dame, wake up the echoes by repeating her name. Send forth a volley of cheers, let the sky\'s thunder roll! No matter what the odds, old Notre Dame will triumph over all! As her loyal sons march on, they\'ll win the victory!"]', 0.97316444, 1)
("With filming completed in Rome, production moved to Mexico City in late March to shoot the film's opening sequence, with scenes to include the Day of the Dead festival filmed in and around the Zócalo and the Centro Histórico district. The planned scenes required the city square to be closed for filming a sequence involving a fight aboard a Messerschmitt-Bölkow-Blohm Bo 105 helicopter flown by stunt pilot Chuck Aaron, which called for modifications to be made to several buildings to prevent damage. This particular scene in Mexico required 1,500 extras, 10 giant skeletons and 250,000 paper flowers. Reports in the Mexican media added that the film's second unit would move to Palenque in the state of Chiapas, to film aerial manoeuvres considered too dangerous to shoot in an urban area.", " Production moved to Mexico City in late March to shoot the film's opening sequence. Filming took place around the Zócalo and the Historic Centre district. The planned scenes required the city square to be closed for filming a sequence involving a fight aboard a Messerschmitt-Bölkow-Blohm Bo 105 helicopter flown by stunt pilot Chuck Aaron. This particular scene in Mexico required 1,500 extras, ten giant skeletons, and 250,000 paper flowers. Mexican media reported that the second unit would move to Palenque in the state of Chiapas, to film aerial maneuvers considered too dangerous to shoot in an urban area.", 0.97318095, 1)
("Chopin's disease and the cause of his death have since been a matter of discussion. His death certificate gave the cause as tuberculosis, and his physician, Jean Cruveilhier, was then the leading French authority on this disease. Other possibilities have been advanced including cystic fibrosis, cirrhosis and alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency. However, the attribution of tuberculosis as principal cause of death has not been disproved. Permission for DNA testing, which could put the matter to rest, has been denied by the Polish government.", " The causes of Chopin's disease and death have been a subject of discussion. His death certificate indicated primary tuberculosis, and his doctor, Jean Cruveilhier, was at the time the greatest French authority on this disease. Other hypotheses have been proposed, such as fibrocystic disease, cirrhosis, and alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency. However, the attribution of primary tuberculosis as the cause of death has not been disputed. Authorization for DNA tests, which could put an end to this question, was refused by the Polish government.", 0.97321546, 1)
('Administratively, Portugal is divided into 308 municipalities (Portuguese: municípios or concelhos), which after a reform in 2013 are subdivided into 3,092 civil parishes (Portuguese: freguesia). Operationally, the municipality and civil parish, along with the national government, are the only legally identifiable local administrative units identified by the government of Portugal (for example, cities, towns or villages have no standing in law, although may be used as catchment for the defining services). For statistical purposes the Portuguese government also identifies NUTS, inter-municipal communities and informally, the district system, used until European integration (and being phased-out by the national government).[original research?] Continental Portugal is agglomerated into 18 districts, while the archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira are governed as autonomous regions; the largest units, established since 1976, are either mainland Portugal (Portuguese: Portugal Continental) and the autonomous regions of Portugal (Azores and Madeira).', ' Administratively, Portugal is divided into 308 municipalities (municípios or concelhos), which, after a reform in 2013, are subdivided into 3,092 civil parishes (freguesias). Operatively, the municipality and the civil parish, as well as the national government, are the only locally recognized administrative entities by the Portuguese government. Statistically, the Portuguese government also identifies NUTS, communal groups and informally, the district system, used until European integration and phased out by the national government. The Portuguese continental region is administratively grouped into 18 districts, while the Azores and Madeira archipelagos are governed as autonomous regions. The largest entities, established since 1976, are either the Portuguese continental region (Portugal Continental) or the autonomous regions of Portugal (Azores and Madeira).', 0.9732673, 1)
('Before the early 20th century, treatments for infections were based primarily on medicinal folklore. Mixtures with antimicrobial properties that were used in treatments of infections were described over 2000 years ago. Many ancient cultures, including the ancient Egyptians and ancient Greeks, used specially selected mold and plant materials and extracts to treat infections. More recent observations made in the laboratory of antibiosis between microorganisms led to the discovery of natural antibacterials produced by microorganisms. Louis Pasteur observed, "if we could intervene in the antagonism observed between some bacteria, it would offer perhaps the greatest hopes for therapeutics". The term \'antibiosis\', meaning "against life", was introduced by the French bacteriologist Jean Paul Vuillemin as a descriptive name of the phenomenon exhibited by these early antibacterial drugs. Antibiosis was first described in 1877 in bacteria when Louis Pasteur and Robert Koch observed that an airborne bacillus could inhibit the growth of Bacillus anthracis. These drugs were later renamed antibiotics by Selman Waksman, an American microbiologist, in 1942. Synthetic antibiotic chemotherapy as a science and development of antibacterials began in Germany with Paul Ehrlich in the late 1880s. Ehrlich noted certain dyes would color human, animal, or bacterial cells, whereas others did not. He then proposed the idea that it might be possible to create chemicals that would act as a selective drug that would bind to and kill bacteria without harming the human host. After screening hundreds of dyes against various organisms, in 1907, he discovered a medicinally useful drug, the synthetic antibacterial salvarsan now called arsphenamine.', ' Before the beginning of the 20th century, medical treatments for infections mainly relied on folklore. Antimicrobial properties used in the treatment of infections were described over 2000 years ago. Ancient civilizations, such as the ancient Egyptians and Greeks, used specifically selected materials and extracts from fungi and plants, as well as extracts, to treat infections. More recent laboratory observations of antagonism between microorganisms led to the discovery of natural antibacterial agents produced by microorganisms. Louis Pasteur observed: "if we could intervene in the observed antagonism between certain bacteria, it might perhaps offer the greatest therapeutic hopes". The term "antibiosis", meaning "against life", was introduced by the French bacteriologist Jean Paul Vuillemin as a descriptive name for this phenomenon exhibited by the first antibacterial antimicrobials. Antibiosis was first described in 1877 in bacteria by Louis Pasteur and Robert Koch, who observed that a bacillus with a scum produced an inhibiting effect on the growth of Bacillus anthracis. These medications were later renamed antibiotics by Selman Waksman, an American microbiologist, in 1942. The science of synthetic antibacterial chemotherapy and the development of antibiotics began in Germany with Paul Ehrlich at the end of the 1880s. Ehrlich noticed that certain dyes stained human, animal, or bacterial cells differently. He then proposed the idea that it might be possible to create chemicals that would act as a selective medication that would bind and kill bacteria without harming the human host. After screening several hundred dyes against various organisms, in 1907, he discovered a medicine used in medicine, the first synthetic antibacterial medicine, salvarsan, now called arsphenamine.', 0.97328913, 1)
("With the occupation by Napoleon, Portugal began a slow but inexorable decline that lasted until the 20th century. This decline was hastened by the independence in 1822 of the country's largest colonial possession, Brazil. In 1807, as Napoleon's army closed in on Lisbon, the Prince Regent João VI of Portugal transferred his court to Brazil and established Rio de Janeiro as the capital of the Portuguese Empire. In 1815, Brazil was declared a Kingdom and the Kingdom of Portugal was united with it, forming a pluricontinental State, the United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil and the Algarves.", " With the occupation of Napolean, Portugal began a slow but inevitable decay that lasted until the 20th century. This decline was accelerated by the independence in 1822 of the largest colonial possession of the country, Brazil. In 1807, as Napolean's army approached Lisbon, the Regent Prince John VI of Portugal transferred his court to Brazil and established Rio de Janeiro as the capital of the Portuguese Empire. In 1815, Brazil was declared a kingdom and the Kingdom of Portugal was united with it, forming thus a multicontinental monarchy, the Royal Union of Portugal, Brazil and the Algarves.", 0.9732956, 1)
("The Council of Ministers – under the presidency of the Prime Minister (or the President of Portugal at the latter's request) and the Ministers (may also include one or more Deputy Prime Ministers) – acts as the cabinet. Each government is required to define the broad outline of its policies in a programme, and present it to the Assembly for a mandatory period of debate. The failure of the Assembly to reject the government programme by an absolute majority of deputies confirms the cabinet in office.", ' The Council of Ministers, presided over by the Prime Minister or the President of Portugal at his request, and the Ministers (who may also include one or several Deputy Prime Ministers), functions as a cabinet. Each government is required to outline the major policies in a program and present it to the Assembly for a compulsory debate period. The rejection of the governmental program by an absolute majority of deputies affirms the cabinet in power.', 0.9734647, 1)
('Pumped-storage hydroelectricity stores energy in the form of water pumped when energy is available from a lower elevation reservoir to a higher elevation one. The energy is recovered when demand is high by releasing the water, with the pump becoming a hydroelectric power generator.', ' Energy is stored in the form of pumped water in a higher elevation reservoir when energy is available from a lower elevation reservoir. Energy is recovered when demand is high by releasing the water, making the pump a hydroelectric power plant.', 0.97353697, 1)
('The Association for Asian Studies states that there is no known written evidence to suggest that later leaders of the Gelug—Gendün Drup (1391–1474) and Gendün Gyatso (1475–1571)—had any contacts with Ming China. These two religious leaders were preoccupied with an overriding concern for dealing with the powerful secular Rinpungpa princes, who were patrons and protectors of the Karma Kargyu lamas. The Rinpungpa leaders were relatives of the Phagmodrupa, yet their authority shifted over time from simple governors to rulers in their own right over large areas of Ü-Tsang. The prince of Rinbung occupied Lhasa in 1498 and excluded the Gelug from attending New Years ceremonies and prayers, the most important event in the Gelug. While the task of New Years prayers in Lhasa was granted to the Karmapa and others, Gendün Gyatso traveled in exile looking for allies. However, it was not until 1518 that the secular Phagmodru ruler captured Lhasa from the Rinbung, and thereafter the Gelug was given rights to conduct the New Years prayer. When the Drikung Kagyu abbot of Drigung Monastery threatened Lhasa in 1537, Gendün Gyatso was forced to abandon the Drepung Monastery, although he eventually returned.', 'The Association of Asian Studies asserts that there is no known written evidence to suggest that later Gelug leaders, Gendün Drup (1391-1474) and Gendün Gyatso (1475-1571), had contacts with the Ming Dynasty of China. These two religious figures were preoccupied with dealing with the secular princes of Rinpung, who were patrons and protectors of the Karma Kagyu lamas. The Rinpung princes were descendants of the Phagmodrupa, but their authority evolved gradually from simple governors to sovereigns in their own right over vast regions of Ü-Tsang. The prince of Rinpung took Lhasa in 1498 and excluded the Gelug from New Year ceremonies and prayers, which were the most important events for the Gelug. However, the task of performing New Year prayers in Lhasa was given to the Karmapa and others, and Gendün Gyatso went into exile in search of support. However, it was not until 1518 that the secular ruler Phagmodru captured Lhasa from the Rinpung, and from that moment, the Gelug were granted the right to perform New Year prayers. When the Abbot of Drigung Monastery threatened Lhasa in 1537, Gendün Gyatso had to abandon Drepung Monastery, but he eventually returned.', 0.9735829, 1)
("Bond and Swann return to London where they meet M, Bill Tanner, Q, and Moneypenny; they intend to arrest C and stop Nine Eyes from going online. Swann leaves Bond, telling him she cannot be part of a life involving espionage, and is subsequently kidnapped. On the way, the group is ambushed and Bond is kidnapped, but the rest still proceed with the plan. After Q succeeds in preventing the Nine Eyes from going online, a brief struggle between M and C ends with the latter falling to his death. Meanwhile, Bond is taken to the old MI6 building, which is scheduled for demolition, and frees himself. Moving throughout the ruined labyrinth, he encounters a disfigured Blofeld, who tells him that he has three minutes to escape the building before explosives are detonated or die trying to save Swann. Bond finds Swann and the two escape by boat as the building collapses. Bond shoots down Blofeld's helicopter, which crashes onto Westminster Bridge. As Blofeld crawls away from the wreckage, Bond confronts him but ultimately leaves him to be arrested by M. Bond leaves the bridge with Swann.", " Bond and Swann return to London where they encounter M, Bill Tanner, Q, and Moneypenny. Their intention is to stop C and prevent Nine Eyes from connecting online. Swann leaves Bond, telling him she can no longer be part of a life involving espionage, and is then abducted. On the way, the group is attacked and Bond is abducted as well, but the rest continue with the plan. After Q manages to prevent Nine Eyes from connecting online, there is a brief fight between M and C which ends with the latter's fatal fall. While Bond is taken to a demolition-bound MI6 building, he manages to escape. As he navigates through the ruined labyrinth, he encounters a disfigured Blofeld who asks him to escape the building before explosives are detonated or to stay and try to save Swann. Bond finds Swann and they escape in a boat as the building collapses. Bond shoots down Blofeld's helicopter, which crashes on the Westminster Bridge. As Blofeld departs from the wreckage, Bond confronts him but eventually lets him go, allowing M to arrest him. Bond leaves the bridge with Swann.", 0.97362685, 1)
('Some independent stereo manufacturers including JVC, Pioneer, Kenwood, Alpine, Sony, and Harman Kardon also have iPod-specific integration solutions. Alternative connection methods include adapter kits (that use the cassette deck or the CD changer port), audio input jacks, and FM transmitters such as the iTrip—although personal FM transmitters are illegal in some countries. Many car manufacturers have added audio input jacks as standard.', ' Some independent stereo manufacturers like JVC, Pioneer, Kenwood, Alpine, Sony, and Harman Kardon offer iPod-specific integration solutions. Alternative connection methods include adapter kits (which use the cassette deck or the CD changer port), audio input jacks, and FM transmitters such as the iTrip. However, personal FM transmitters are illegal in some countries. Many car manufacturers have added audio input jacks as standard. (Note: The French translation of "personal FM transmitters" is "transmetteurs FM personnels," and "alternative connection methods" translates to "des méthodes d\'interconnexion alternatives.")', 0.97365147, 1)
("In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C.S.C., (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources. He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million. Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1.1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education.", " During Edward Malloy, C.S.C.'s 18-year presidency (1987-2005), the schools saw rapid growth in reputation, faculty, and resources. He hired over 500 new teachers; the academic quality of the student body significantly improved, with SAT scores rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students increased; the endowment grew from $350 million to over $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to over $650 million; and annual research funding advanced from $15 million to over $70 million. The most recent Notre Dame capital campaign raised $1.1 billion, far surpassing its $767 million goal, making it the largest in the history of Catholic higher education.", 0.9736762, 1)
("By May 15, Premier Wen Jiabao ordered the deployment of an additional 90 helicopters, of which 60 were to be provided by the PLAAF, and 30 were to be provided by the civil aviation industry, bringing the total of number of aircraft deployed in relief operations by the air force, army, and civil aviation to over 150, resulting in the largest non-combat airlifting operation in People's Liberation Army history.", " Before May 15, Premier Wen Jiabao ordered the deployment of 90 additional helicopters, with 60 coming from the PLAAF (People's Liberation Army Air Force) and 30 from the civil aviation industry. This brought the total number of aircraft involved in relief operations by the army, navy, and civil aviation industry above 150, resulting in the largest evacuation operation in the history of the People's Liberation Army without combat.", 0.9736986, 1)
('Several organizations concerned with antimicrobial resistance are lobbying to eliminate the unnecessary use of antibiotics. The issues of misuse and overuse of antibiotics have been addressed by the formation of the US Interagency Task Force on Antimicrobial Resistance. This task force aims to actively address antimicrobial resistance, and is coordinated by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), and the National Institutes of Health (NIH), as well as other US agencies. An NGO campaign group is Keep Antibiotics Working. In France, an "Antibiotics are not automatic" government campaign started in 2002 and led to a marked reduction of unnecessary antibiotic prescriptions, especially in children.', ' Several organizations focused on antimicrobial resistance are advocating for the elimination of unnecessary antibiotic use. The issues of misuse and overuse of antibiotics have been addressed through the formation of the US Interagency Task Force on Antimicrobial Resistance. This task force, which is headed by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), and the National Institutes of Health (NIH), along with other US agencies, aims to actively address antimicrobial resistance. A campaign group called "Keep Antibiotics Working" is an NGO. In France, a government campaign called "Antibiotics are not automatic" began in 2002 and resulted in a significant reduction of unnecessary antibiotic prescriptions, particularly for children.', 0.97370064, 1)
('The National Disaster Relief Commission initiated a "Level II emergency contingency plan", which covers the most serious class of natural disasters. The plan rose to Level I at 22:15 CST, May 12.', ' The National Disaster Relief Commission activated a "Level II emergency contingency plan", which covers the most serious class of natural disasters. The plan reached Level I at 10:15 p.m., Central Standard Time, May 12.', 0.97370964, 1)
('Portugal is defined as a Mediterranean climate (Csa in the South, interior, and Douro region; Csb in the North, Central Portugal and coastal Alentejo; mixed oceanic climate along the northern half of the coastline and also Semi-arid climate or Steppe climate (BSk in certain parts of Beja district far South) according to the Köppen-Geiger Climate Classification), and is one of the warmest European countries: the annual average temperature in mainland Portugal varies from 8–12 °C (46.4–53.6 °F) in the mountainous interior north to 16–19 °C (60.8–66.2 °F) in the south and on the Guadiana river basin. The Algarve, separated from the Alentejo region by mountains reaching up to 900 metres (3,000 ft) in Alto de Fóia, has a climate similar to that of the southern coastal areas of Spain or Southwest Australia.', " Portugal is defined as a Mediterranean climate (Csa in the south, interior and Douro region; Csb in the north, central Portugal and coastal Alentejo; oceanic climate mixed along the northern half of the coast and also semi-arid or steppe climate in certain parts of the Beja district very in the south) according to the Köppen-Geiger Classification, and is one of the hottest countries in Europe: the annual average temperature in continental Portugal ranges from 8 to 12 °C (46.4 to 53.6 °F) in the northern mountainous region, and from 16 to 19 °C (60.8 to 66.2 °F) in the south and in the Guadiana valley. The Algarve, separated from the Alentejo region by mountains reaching up to 900 meters (3,000 feet) at the summit of Foia, has a climate similar to that of the southern Mediterranean coasts of Spain or of western Australia's south.", 0.97399724, 1)
('Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution. In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary\'s College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools. After extensive debate, merging with St. Mary\'s was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales. "In American college education," explained the Rev. Charles E. Sheedy, C.S.C., Notre Dame\'s Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place.... In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism." Thomas Blantz, C.S.C., Notre Dame\'s Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students." Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year. In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St. Mary\'s College. In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor\'s degree in marketing.', ' Hesburgh is also credited with transforming Notre Dame into a coeducational institution. In the mid-1960s, Notre Dame and Saint Marys College developed a cooperative exchange program where several hundred students followed courses not offered at their original institution, adding women to a campus that already had a few in graduate schools. After intense debates, the fusion with St. Marys was rejected, primarily due to differences in qualifications and teacher salaries. "In American higher education," explained Father Charles E. Sheedy, C.S.C., dean of Arts and Letters at Notre Dame, "certain aspects once considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place.... In this diverse environment, gender integration is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism." Thomas Blantz, C.S.C., vice president of Student Affairs at Notre Dame, added that coeducation "opened up a pool of very brilliant students." Two male residences were converted for newly admitted women in the first year, while two others were converted for the following school year. In 1971, Mary Ann Proctor became the first undergraduate woman to graduate; she transferred from Saint Marys College. In 1972, Angela Sienko obtained her bachelor\'s degree in marketing.', 0.9740294, 1)
('Genocide has become an official term used in international relations. The word genocide was not in use before 1944. Before this, in 1941, Winston Churchill described the mass killing of Russian prisoners of war and civilians as "a crime without a name". In that year, a Polish-Jewish lawyer named Raphael Lemkin, described the policies of systematic murder founded by the Nazis as genocide. The word genocide is the combination of the Greek prefix geno- (meaning tribe or race) and caedere (the Latin word for to kill). The word is defined as a specific set of violent crimes that are committed against a certain group with the attempt to remove the entire group from existence or to destroy them.', ' The genocide has become an official term used in international relations. The word genocide was not in use before 1944. In that year, a Polish-Jewish lawyer named Raphael Lemkin described the systematic policies of mass murders instituted by the Nazis under the term genocide. The word genocide is a combination of the Greek prefix geno- (meaning tribe or race) and the Latin word caedere (meaning to kill). The word is defined as a specific series of violent crimes committed against a certain group with the intention of exterminating or destroying them entirely.', 0.9741237, 1)
('Four boarders at his parents\' apartments became Chopin\'s intimates: Tytus Woyciechowski, Jan Nepomucen Białobłocki, Jan Matuszyński and Julian Fontana; the latter two would become part of his Paris milieu. He was friendly with members of Warsaw\'s young artistic and intellectual world, including Fontana, Józef Bohdan Zaleski and Stefan Witwicki. He was also attracted to the singing student Konstancja Gładkowska. In letters to Woyciechowski, he indicated which of his works, and even which of their passages, were influenced by his fascination with her; his letter of 15 May 1830 revealed that the slow movement (Larghetto) of his Piano Concerto No. 1 (in E minor) was secretly dedicated to her – "It should be like dreaming in beautiful springtime – by moonlight." His final Conservatory report (July 1829) read: "Chopin F., third-year student, exceptional talent, musical genius."', ' Four residents at Chopin\'s parents\' apartments became close to Chopin: Tytus Woyciechowski, Jan Nepomucen Białobłocki, Jan Matuszyński, and Julian Fontana; the last two became an integral part of his Parisian social circle. He was friends with members of the young artistic and intellectual circles of Warsaw, including Fontana, Józef Bohdan Zaleski, and Stefan Witwicki. He was also attracted to the student singer Konstancja Gładkowska. In letters to Woyciechowski, he mentioned which of his works, and even which passages, were influenced by his fascination for her; a letter from May 1830 revealed that the Larghetto of his Piano Concerto No. 1 (in E minor) was secretly dedicated to her – "It\'s like dreaming of beautiful spring under the moon." His last report from the Academy (July 1829) stated: "Chopin F., a third-year student, possesses an exceptional talent, a musical genius."', 0.9741387, 1)
('Among the largest non-state-run research institutions in Portugal are the Instituto Gulbenkian de Ciência and the Champalimaud Foundation, a neuroscience and oncology research centre, which in addition awards every year one of the highest monetary prizes of any science prize in the world. A number of both national and multinational high-tech and industrial companies, are also responsible for research and development projects. One of the oldest learned societies of Portugal is the Sciences Academy of Lisbon, founded in 1779.', ' Among the largest non-governmental research institutions in Portugal are the Gulbenkian Science Institute and the Champalimaud Foundation, a research center in neurosciences and oncology, which annually awards one of the highest monetary science prizes in the world. Several national and multinational high-tech and industrial companies are also involved in research and development projects. One of the oldest learned societies in Portugal is the Lisbon Academy of Sciences, founded in 1779.', 0.9741657, 1)
('Political economy in anthropology is the application of the theories and methods of Historical Materialism to the traditional concerns of anthropology, including, but not limited to, non-capitalist societies. Political Economy introduced questions of history and colonialism to ahistorical anthropological theories of social structure and culture. Three main areas of interest rapidly developed. The first of these areas was concerned with the "pre-capitalist" societies that were subject to evolutionary "tribal" stereotypes. Sahlins work on Hunter-gatherers as the \'original affluent society\' did much to dissipate that image. The second area was concerned with the vast majority of the world\'s population at the time, the peasantry, many of whom were involved in complex revolutionary wars such as in Vietnam. The third area was on colonialism, imperialism, and the creation of the capitalist world-system. More recently, these Political Economists have more directly addressed issues of industrial (and post-industrial) capitalism around the world.', ' Political Economy in Anthropology refers to the application of Historical Materialism\'s theories and methods to the concerns of traditional anthropology, including, but not limited to, non-capitalist societies. Political Economy brought historical questions and colonialism to anthropological theories that were ahistorical in nature, regarding social structure and culture. Three areas of interest quickly developed. The first domain was dedicated to "pre-capitalist" societies, which were subject to evolutionist stereotypes as "tribal." Sahlins\' work on hunter-gatherers as an originally affluent society contributed significantly to dispelling this image. The second domain focused on the largely popular world at the time, farmers, many of whom were involved in complex revolutionary wars such as those in Vietnam. The third domain focused on colonialism, imperialism, and the creation of the global capitalist system. More recently, Political Economists have addressed industrialization (and post-industrial) aspects of capitalism in the world.', 0.97417986, 1)
('In presidential elections, Montana was long classified as a swing state, though the state has voted for the Republican candidate in all but two elections from 1952 to the present. The state last supported a Democrat for president in 1992, when Bill Clinton won a plurality victory. Overall, since 1889 the state has voted for Democratic governors 60 percent of the time and Democratic presidents 40 percent of the time, with these numbers being 40/60 for Republican candidates. In the 2008 presidential election, Montana was considered a swing state and was ultimately won by Republican John McCain, albeit by a narrow margin of two percent.', ' In presidential elections, Montana was long considered a battleground state, although the state has voted for the Republican candidate in all but two cases since 1952. The state most recently supported a Democrat for president in 1992, when Bill Clinton won a majority victory. In total, since 1889, the state has voted for democratic governors 60% of the time and for democratic presidents 40% of the time, with 40/60 for republican candidates. In the 2008 presidential elections, Montana was considered a battleground state and was eventually won by the republican John McCain, despite a narrow victory margin of two percent.', 0.97427136, 1)
('Because of the magnitude of the quake, and the media attention on China, foreign nations and organizations immediately responded to the disaster by offering condolences and assistance. On May 14, UNICEF reported that China formally requested the support of the international community to respond to the needs of affected families.', ' Due to the great intensity of this earthquake and the media attention focused on China, foreign nations and organizations have reacted immediately by expressing their condolences and aid. On May 14th, UNICEF reported that China had formally requested support from the international community to address the needs of affected families.', 0.9743831, 1)
("Solar radiation is absorbed by the Earth's land surface, oceans – which cover about 71% of the globe – and atmosphere. Warm air containing evaporated water from the oceans rises, causing atmospheric circulation or convection. When the air reaches a high altitude, where the temperature is low, water vapor condenses into clouds, which rain onto the Earth's surface, completing the water cycle. The latent heat of water condensation amplifies convection, producing atmospheric phenomena such as wind, cyclones and anti-cyclones. Sunlight absorbed by the oceans and land masses keeps the surface at an average temperature of 14 °C. By photosynthesis green plants convert solar energy into chemically stored energy, which produces food, wood and the biomass from which fossil fuels are derived.", " The solar radiation is absorbed by the Earth's surface, by the oceans – which cover approximately 71% of the Earth – and by the atmosphere. Warm air containing evaporated water rises, causing atmospheric circulation or convection. When air reaches a great altitude, where the temperature is low, water vapor condenses into clouds, which fall back onto the Earth's surface, completing the water cycle. The latent heat of water condensation amplifies convection, producing atmospheric phenomena such as wind, cyclones, and anticyclones. The light absorbed by the oceans and terrestrial masses keeps the surface temperature at an average of 14 °C. Through photosynthesis, green plants convert solar energy into chemically stored energy, producing food, wood, and biomass from which fossil fuels are extracted.", 0.9744407, 1)
('Some of his friends provided music at his request; among them, Potocka sang and Franchomme played the cello. Chopin requested that his body be opened after death (for fear of being buried alive) and his heart returned to Warsaw where it rests at the Church of the Holy Cross. He also bequeathed his unfinished notes on a piano tuition method, Projet de méthode, to Alkan for completion. On 17 October, after midnight, the physician leaned over him and asked whether he was suffering greatly. "No longer", he replied. He died a few minutes before two o\'clock in the morning. Those present at the deathbed appear to have included his sister Ludwika, Princess Marcelina Czartoryska, Sand\'s daughter Solange, and his close friend Thomas Albrecht. Later that morning, Solange\'s husband Clésinger made Chopin\'s death mask and a cast of his left hand.', ' They provided music to her request; among them, Potocka sang and Franchomme played the cello. Chopin requested that his body be opened after his death (for fear of being buried alive) and that his heart be sent back to Warsaw where it rests at the St. Cross Church. He also bequeathed his unfinished piano notes, Project of method, to Alkan to complete. On the night of October 17, after midnight, the doctor approached him and asked if he was suffering greatly. "No more," he replied. He died a few minutes before 2 a.m. Those present at his deathbed seem to include his sister Ludwika, Princess Marcelina Czartoryska, the daughter of Sands, Solange, and his close friend Thomas Albrecht. Later in the morning, Clésinger, Solange\'s husband, made Chopin\'s funeral mask and a cast of his left hand.', 0.9745719, 0)
('With his health further deteriorating, Chopin desired to have a family member with him. In June 1849 his sister Ludwika came to Paris with her husband and daughter, and in September, supported by a loan from Jane Stirling, he took an apartment at Place Vendôme 12. After 15 October, when his condition took a marked turn for the worse, only a handful of his closest friends remained with him, although Viardot remarked sardonically that "all the grand Parisian ladies considered it de rigueur to faint in his room."', ' Despite his increasingly precarious health, Chopin wished to have a family member by his side. In June 1849, his sister Ludwika came to Paris with her husband and daughter, and in September, thanks to a loan from Jane Stirling, he rented an apartment at Place Vendôme 12. From October 15, when his condition worsened significantly, only a handful of his closest friends remained with him, although Viardot made a sarcastic remark that "all the great Parisian ladies considered it a must to pay their respects in his apartment."', 0.97461224, 1)
('Meanwhile, the Chinese Ming dynasty fell to the rebellion of Li Zicheng (1606–1645) in 1644, yet his short-lived Shun dynasty was crushed by the Manchu invasion and the Han Chinese general Wu Sangui (1612–1678). China Daily states that when the following Qing dynasty replaced the Ming dynasty, it merely "strengthened administration of Tibet." However, Kolmaš states that the Dalai Lama was very observant of what was going on in China and accepted a Manchu invitation in 1640 to send envoys to their capital at Mukden in 1642, before the Ming collapsed. Dawa Norbu, William Rockhill, and George N. Patterson write that when the Shunzhi Emperor (r. 1644–1661) of the subsequent Qing dynasty invited the fifth Dalai Lama Lozang Gyatso to Beijing in 1652, Shunzhi treated the Dalai Lama as an independent sovereign of Tibet. Patterson writes that this was an effort of Shunzhi to secure an alliance with Tibet that would ultimately lead to the establishment of Manchu rule over Mongolia. In this meeting with the Qing emperor, Goldstein asserts that the Dalai Lama was not someone to be trifled with due to his alliance with Mongol tribes, some of which were declared enemies of the Qing. Van Praag states that Tibet and the Dalai Lama\'s power was recognized by the "Manchu Emperor, the Mongolian Khans and Princes, and the rulers of Ladakh, Nepal, India, Bhutan, and Sikkim."', ' During the same period, the Ming Chinese dynasty fell to Li Zicheng\'s rebellion in 1644, but the Shun dynasty was crushed by the Manchu invasion and Han Chinese general Wu Sangui. The China Daily indicates that when the following Qing dynasty replaced the Ming, it merely "strengthened the administration of Tibet." However, Kolmaš indicates that the Dalai Lama closely observed the events in China and accepted a Manchu invitation in 1640 to send envoys to their capital of Mukden in 1642, before the Ming fell. Norbu, Rockhill and Patterson write that when the Emperor Shunzhi (r. 1644-1661) of the following Qing dynasty invited the fifth Dalai Lama Lozang Gyatso to Beijing in 1652, Shunzhi treated the Dalai Lama as an independent sovereign of Tibet. Patterson writes that this was an effort of Shunzhi to secure an alliance with Tibet, which eventually led to the establishment of Manchu dominance over Mongolia. In this encounter with the Emperor Qing, Goldstein asserts that the Dalai Lama was not someone to be trifled with due to his alliance with the Mongol tribes, some of which were declared enemies of the Qing. Van Praag indicates that Tibet and the power of the Dalai Lama were recognized by the Manchu Emperor, the Khans and Mongol princes, and the rulers of Ladakh, Nepal, India, Bhutan and Sikkim.', 0.97465914, 1)
('With the emergence and growth of several science parks throughout the world that helped create many thousands of scientific, technological and knowledge-based businesses, Portugal started to develop several science parks across the country. These include the Taguspark (in Oeiras), the Coimbra iParque (in Coimbra), the biocant (in Cantanhede), the Madeira Tecnopolo (in Funchal), Sines Tecnopolo (in Sines), Tecmaia (in Maia) and Parkurbis (in Covilhã). Companies locate in the Portuguese science parks to take advantage of a variety of services ranging from financial and legal advice through to marketing and technological support.', ' With the emergence and growth of numerous scientific parks around the world allowing the birth of thousands of scientific, technological, and knowledge-based companies, Portugal has started developing several scientific parks throughout the country. These include Taguspark (in Oeiras), Coimbra iParque (in Coimbra), biocant (in Cantanhede), Madeira Tecnopolo (in Funchal), Sines Tecnopolo (in Sines), Tecmaia (in Maia), and Parkurbis (in Covilhã). The companies move in to benefit from various services ranging from financial and legal advice to marketing and technological support.', 0.97469825, 1)
('The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year. The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL.M.) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees. This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees. Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education. Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M.Div.) program also exists. All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies. The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs. The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs. It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program. Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years.', " Since the academic year 1854-1855, the university started offering Master's degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA),. The program expanded later to include Master of Laws (LL.M.) and Master of Civil Engineering degrees in its initial growth stages, before the development of a master's level education requiring a thesis for obtaining these degrees. This changed in 1924 with the implementation of formal requirements for advanced degrees, including Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) degrees. Today, each of the five colleges offers graduate education. Most departments in the College of Arts and Letters offer doctoral programs, while a Master of Divinity (M.Div.) professional program exists as well. All departments in the College of Science offer doctoral programs, except for the Pre-Professional Studies department. The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each department in the College of Engineering offers doctoral programs. The College of Business offers various professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accounting. It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program. Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education where students study at the university during the summer and teach in primary, secondary, and secondary schools in the Southern United States for two school years.", 0.97479117, 1)
('An article in Science suggested that the construction and filling of the Zipingpu Dam may have triggered the earthquake. The chief engineer of the Sichuan Geology and Mineral Bureau said that the sudden shift of a huge quantity of water into the region could have relaxed the tension between the two sides of the fault, allowing them to move apart, and could have increased the direct pressure on it, causing a violent rupture. The effect was "25 times more" than a year\'s worth of natural stress from tectonic movement. The government had disregarded warnings about so many large-scale dam projects in a seismically active area. Researchers have been denied access to seismological and geological data to examine the cause of the quake further.', ' An article in Science suggested that the construction and filling of the Zipingpu Dam may have caused the earthquake. The chief engineer of the Geology and Mineral Bureau of Sichuan stated that the sudden movement of a large amount of water in the region could have decreased the tension between the two sides of the fault, allowing them to move apart from each other, and could have increased the direct pressure on it, leading to a violent rupture. The effect was "25 times" greater than the annual natural pressure from tectonic movement. The government ignored warnings about numerous large-scale dam projects in a seismically active region. Researchers were denied access to seismological and geological data to investigate the cause of the earthquake further.', 0.97493863, 1)
('All Mainland Chinese television stations (along with some stations in Hong Kong and expatriate communities) cancelled all regularly-scheduled programming, displayed their logo in grayscale, and replaced their cancelled programmes with live earthquake footage from CCTV-1 for multiple days after the quake. Even pay television channels (such as Channel V) had their programmes suspended.', ' All Chinese television stations on the continent, as well as some in Hong Kong and in expatriate communities, cancelled their regular programs and displayed their logos in gray instead. In place of the cancelled shows, they broadcasted live images from CCTV-1 for several days following the earthquake. Subscription television channels, including Channel V, had their programming suspended.', 0.9750155, 1)
("Thomas Newman returned as Spectre's composer. Rather than composing the score once the film had moved into post-production, Newman worked during filming. The theatrical trailer released in July 2015 contained a rendition of John Barry's On Her Majesty's Secret Service theme. Mendes revealed that the final film would have more than one hundred minutes of music. The soundtrack album was released on 23 October 2015 in the UK and 6 November 2015 in the USA on the Decca Records label.", " Thomas Newman returned as composer for Spectre. Instead of composing the score after post-production, Newman worked during filming. The cinema trailer released in July 2015 contained a reprise of John Barry's theme, On Her Majesty's Secret Service. Mendes revealed that the final film would feature over 100 minutes of music. The original soundtrack album was released for sale in the UK on October 23, 2015, and in the US on November 6, 2015, under the Decca Records label.", 0.97502613, 1)
("The Portuguese currency is the euro (€), which replaced the Portuguese Escudo, and the country was one of the original member states of the eurozone. Portugal's central bank is the Banco de Portugal, an integral part of the European System of Central Banks. Most industries, businesses and financial institutions are concentrated in the Lisbon and Porto metropolitan areas—the Setúbal, Aveiro, Braga, Coimbra and Leiria districts are the biggest economic centres outside these two main areas.[citation needed] According to World Travel Awards, Portugal is the Europe's Leading Golf Destination 2012 and 2013.", ' Portugal uses the Euro (€) currency, which replaced the Portuguese Escudo, and the country was one of the original members of the Eurozone. The Bank of Portugal is the central bank, integrated into the European System of Central Banks. Most industries, companies, and financial institutions are concentrated in the metropolitan areas of Lisbon and Porto—the districts of Setúbal, Aveiro, Braga, Coimbra, and Leiria are the main economic centers outside of these two major regions.According to the World Travel Awards, Portugal is the European Golf Destination of the Year 2012 and 2013.', 0.9750403, 1)
('During the century of internecine struggles for dominance among the Northern Christians kingdoms, the County of Portugal, formed the southern portion of the Kingdom of Galicia. At times the Kingdom of Galicia existed independently for short periods, but usually formed an important part of the Kingdom of Leon. Throughout this period, the people of County of Portugal as Galicians found themselves struggling to maintain the autonomy of Galicia with its distinct language and culture (Galician-Portuguese) from the Leonese culture, whenever the status of the Kingdom of Galicia changed in relation to the Kingdom of Leon. As a result of political division, Galician-Portuguese lost its unity when the County of Portugal separated from the Kingdom of Galicia (a dependent kingdom of Leon) to establish the Kingdom of Portugal. The Galician and Portuguese versions of the language then diverged over time as they followed independent evolutionary paths. This began occurring when the Kingdom of Leon and the Kingdom of Castile united and the Castilian Language (known as Spanish) slowly over the centuries began influencing the Galician Language and then trying to replace it. The same thing happened to Astur-Leonese Language to the point where it is greatly reduced or completely replaced by the Castilian (Spanish Language).', ' During the century of internal strife among the Northern Christian kingdoms, the County of Portugal formed the southern part of the Kingdom of Galicia. At times, the Kingdom of Galicia existed independently for short periods, but it usually formed an important part of the Kingdom of Leon. Throughout this period, the people of the County of Portugal, as Galicians, fought to maintain the autonomy of Galicia with its distinct language and culture (Galician-Portuguese) from the Leonese culture, whenever the status of the Kingdom of Galicia changed in relation to the Kingdom of Leon. Due to political division, Galician-Portuguese lost its unity when the County of Portugal separated from the Kingdom of Galicia (a dependent kingdom of Leon) to establish the Kingdom of Portugal. The Galician and Portuguese versions of the language then diverged over time as they followed independent evolutionary paths. This began occurring when the Kingdom of Leon and the Kingdom of Castile united and the Castilian Language (known as Spanish) slowly over the centuries began influencing the Galician Language and then tried to replace it. The same thing happened to the Astur-Leonese Language to the point where it is greatly reduced or completely replaced by the Castilian (Spanish Language).', 0.97504646, 1)
('The name Montana comes from the Spanish word Montaña, meaning "mountain", or more broadly, "mountainous country". Montaña del Norte was the name given by early Spanish explorers to the entire mountainous region of the west. The name Montana was added to a bill by the United States House Committee on Territories, which was chaired at the time by Rep. James Ashley of Ohio, for the territory that would become Idaho Territory. The name was successfully changed by Representatives Henry Wilson (Massachusetts) and Benjamin F. Harding (Oregon), who complained that Montana had "no meaning". When Ashley presented a bill to establish a temporary government in 1864 for a new territory to be carved out of Idaho, he again chose Montana Territory. This time Rep. Samuel Cox, also of Ohio, objected to the name. Cox complained that the name was a misnomer given that most of the territory was not mountainous and that a Native American name would be more appropriate than a Spanish one. Other names such as Shoshone were suggested, but it was eventually decided that the Committee on Territories could name it whatever they wanted, so the original name of Montana was adopted.', ' The name Montana originates from the Spanish word Montaña, which means "mountain" or "mountainous country." Early Spanish explorers applied the name Montaña del Norte to the entire mountainous region of the west. During a bill in the United States House Committee on Territories, chaired by Rep. James Ashley of Ohio, the name Montana was added for the territory that would later become Idaho Territory. This was objected to by Reps. Henry Wilson of Massachusetts and Benjamin F. Harding of Oregon, who found the name meaningless. When Ashley presented a bill in 1864 to establish a temporary government for a new territory carved out of Idaho, he again used Montana Territory. This time, Rep. Samuel Cox of Ohio opposed the name, arguing it was a misnomer as most of the territory was not mountainous and a Native American name would be more fitting than a Spanish one. Suggestions for alternative names such as Shoshone were made, but ultimately, the Committee on Territories had the authority to name it as they saw fit, resulting in the adoption of the original name Montana.', 0.9750575, 1)
('Despite this glowing message by the Emperor, Chan writes that a year later in 1446, the Ming court cut off all relations with the Karmapa hierarchs. Until then, the court was unaware that Deshin Shekpa had died in 1415. The Ming court had believed that the representatives of the Karma Kagyu who continued to visit the Ming capital were sent by the Karmapa.', ' In spite of this radiant message from the Emperor, Chan states that in 1446, a year later, the Ming court severed all ties with the Karmapa hierarchs. Up until then, the court was oblivious to the fact that Deshin Shekpa had passed away in 1415. The Ming court assumed that the Karma Kagyu representatives who continued to pay visits to the Ming capital were dispatched by the Karmapa.', 0.9751543, 1)
('Despite being an original story, Spectre draws on Ian Fleming\'s source material, most notably in the character of Franz Oberhauser, played by Christoph Waltz. Oberhauser shares his name with Hannes Oberhauser, a background character in the short story "Octopussy" from the Octopussy and The Living Daylights collection, and who is named in the film as having been a temporary legal guardian of a young Bond in 1983. Similarly, Charmian Bond is shown to have been his full-time guardian, observing the back story established by Fleming. With the acquisition of the rights to Spectre and its associated characters, screenwriters Neal Purvis and Robert Wade revealed that the film would provide a minor retcon to the continuity of the previous films, with the Quantum organisation alluded to in Casino Royale and introduced in Quantum of Solace reimagined as a division within Spectre rather than an independent organisation.', " Despite its original character, Spectre draws heavily from Ian Fleming's sources, particularly in the character of Franz Oberhauser, portrayed by Christoph Waltz. Oberhauser shares the same name with Hannes Oberhauser, a secondary character in the Octopussy collection's Octopussy and The Quiet Storm, and mentioned in the film as having temporarily been young Bond's legal guardian in 1983. In the same way, Charmian Bond is shown as being his permanent legal guardian, following the established background by Fleming. With the acquisition of the rights to Spectre and its associated characters, screenwriters Neal Purvis and Robert Wade revealed that the film would bring a small adjustment to the continuity of the previous films, making Spectre an integrated division rather than an independent organization within Quantum, as hinted at in Casino Royale and introduced in Quantum of Solace.", 0.9751992, 1)
('After finishing the first draft and returning it to Lippincott, the manuscript, at that point titled "Go Set a Watchman", fell into the hands of Therese von Hohoff Torrey — known professionally as Tay Hohoff — a small, wiry veteran editor in her late 50s. Hohoff was impressed. “[T]he spark of the true writer flashed in every line,” she would later recount in a corporate history of Lippincott. But as Hohoff saw it, the manuscript was by no means fit for publication. It was, as she described it, “more a series of anecdotes than a fully conceived novel.” During the next couple of years, she led Lee from one draft to the next until the book finally achieved its finished form and was retitled To Kill a Mockingbird.', ' After completing the first draft and submitting the manuscript, titled "Go Set a Watchman" at the time, to Lippincott, it fell into the hands of Therese von Hohoff, known professionally as Tay Hohoff, a small, stern editor in her fifty-eighth year. Hohff was impressed. "The flame of the true writer shone in every line," she later recounted in a corporate story of Lippincott. However, according to Hohff, the manuscript was in no way ready for publication. It was, as she described it, "more a series of anecdotes than a fully conceived novel." For the next two years, she guided Lee through the project until the book finally reached its finished form and was renamed To Kill a Mockingbird.', 0.9752426, 1)
('The country continued to be governed by a Junta de Salvação Nacional until the Portuguese legislative election of 1976. It was won by the Portuguese Socialist Party (PS) and Mário Soares, its leader, became Prime Minister of the 1st Constitutional Government on 23 July. Mário Soares would be Prime Minister from 1976 to 1978 and again from 1983 to 1985. In this capacity Soares tried to resume the economic growth and development record that had been achieved before the Carnation Revolution, during the last decade of the previous regime. He initiated the process of accession to the European Economic Community (EEC) by starting accession negotiations as early as 1977.', ' The country was governed by a National Salvation Junta until the Portuguese legislative elections of 1976. The Portuguese Socialist Party (PS) won these elections, and Mário Soares, its leader, became the first constitutional Prime Minister on July 23. Soares was Prime Minister from 1976 to 1978 and again from 1983 to 1985. In this role, Soares attempted to regain the economic growth and development records achieved before the Carnation Revolution, during the last decade of the preceding regime. He initiated the accession process to the European Economic Community (EEC) by starting accession negotiations in 1977.', 0.9752626, 1)
('Frédéric François Chopin (/ˈʃoʊpæn/; French pronunciation: \u200b[fʁe.de.ʁik fʁɑ̃.swa ʃɔ.pɛ̃]; 22 February or 1 March 1810 – 17 October 1849), born Fryderyk Franciszek Chopin,[n 1] was a Polish and French (by citizenship and birth of father) composer and a virtuoso pianist of the Romantic era, who wrote primarily for the solo piano. He gained and has maintained renown worldwide as one of the leading musicians of his era, whose "poetic genius was based on a professional technique that was without equal in his generation." Chopin was born in what was then the Duchy of Warsaw, and grew up in Warsaw, which after 1815 became part of Congress Poland. A child prodigy, he completed his musical education and composed his earlier works in Warsaw before leaving Poland at the age of 20, less than a month before the outbreak of the November 1830 Uprising.', ' Frédéric Chopin (/ʃoʊpæn/ ; French pronunciation: [fʁe.de.rik frɑ̃.swa ʃɔ.pɛ̃] ; born Fryderyk Franciszek Chopin,[1] was a Polish and French composer and pianist of the Romantic era, who primarily composed for the solo piano. He gained and maintained a worldwide reputation as one of the major musicians of his time, whose "poetic genius was based on a professional technique unmatched in his generation." Chopin was born in what was then the Duchy of Warsaw, and grew up in Warsaw, which after 1815 became part of the Congress Poland. Child prodigy, he completed his musical education and composed his earliest works in Warsaw before leaving Poland at the age of 20, less than a month before the outbreak of the November Uprising of 1830.', 0.97533256, 1)
('Central State-owned enterprises have accumulatively donated more than $48.6 million. China National Petroleum Corp and Sinopec donated 10 million yuan each to the disaster area.', ' State-owned enterprises collectively donated over $48.6 million. China National Petroleum Corp donated 10 million yuan, and Sinopec donated similarly, to the disaster area.', 0.9753542, 1)
('The Head of State of Portugal is the President of the Republic, elected to a five-year term by direct, universal suffrage. He or she has also supervision and reserve powers. These powers are often compared[by whom?] with the "moderator power" that was held by the King in the Portuguese Constitutional Monarchy.[citation needed] Presidential powers include the appointment of the Prime Minister and the other members of the Government (where the President takes into account the results of legislative elections); dismissing the Prime Minister; dissolving the Assembly of the Republic (to call early elections); vetoing legislation (which may be overridden by the Assembly with a supermajority); and declaring a state of war or siege. The President is also the ex officio Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces.', ' The President of the Republic in Portugal is elected for a five-year term through direct and universal suffrage. He or she also holds powers of supervision and reserve. These powers are often compared [by whom?] to the regulatory powers held by the King in the Constitutional Monarchy of Portugal [reference necessary]. The powers of the President include the appointment of the Prime Minister and other members of the Government (where the President takes into account the results of legislative elections); the revocation of the Prime Minister; the dissolution of the Assembly of the Republic (to convene anticipatory elections); the veto of the law (which can be overridden by the Assembly with a two-thirds majority); and the declaration of a state of war or siege. The President is also the interim commander-in-chief of the Armed Forces.', 0.975379, 1)
("According to some estimates about 20% of the population lives on less than US$1.25 per day. Migration from Tajikistan and the consequent remittances have been unprecedented in their magnitude and economic impact. In 2010, remittances from Tajik labour migrants totaled an estimated $2.1 billion US dollars, an increase from 2009. Tajikistan has achieved transition from a planned to a market economy without substantial and protracted recourse to aid (of which it by now receives only negligible amounts), and by purely market-based means, simply by exporting its main commodity of comparative advantage — cheap labor. The World Bank Tajikistan Policy Note 2006 concludes that remittances have played an important role as one of the drivers of Tajikistan's robust economic growth during the past several years, have increased incomes, and as a result helped significantly reduce poverty.", " According to certain estimates, around 20% of the population lives on less than 1$ US per day. The migration from Tajikistan and the consequences related to remittances have been exceptional in terms of magnitude and economic impact. In 2010, the remittances sent by Tajik labor migrants reached an estimated amount of 2.1 billion dollars US, an increase compared to 2009. Tajikistan managed to transition from a planned economy to a market economy without significant and prolonged aid (it now receives negligible amounts from this source), and simply by exporting its main comparative advantage — low-cost labor. The World Bank's Tajikistan Country Note for 2006 concludes that remittances played an important role as one of the engines of the robust economic growth of Tajikistan in recent years, increased revenues, and consequently contributed significantly to reducing poverty.", 0.9754057, 1)
('Solar energy is radiant light and heat from the Sun harnessed using a range of ever-evolving technologies such as solar heating, photovoltaics, solar thermal energy, solar architecture and artificial photosynthesis.', ' Solar energy is sunlight and heat from the Sun recovered through a range of evolving technologies including solar heating, photovoltaics, solar thermal energy, solar architecture, and artificial photosynthesis.', 0.97546476, 1)
('Whilst filming in Mexico City, speculation in the media claimed that the script had been altered to accommodate the demands of Mexican authorities—reportedly influencing details of the scene and characters, casting choices, and modifying the script in order to portray the country in a "positive light"—in order to secure tax concessions and financial support worth up to $20 million for the film. This was denied by producer Michael G. Wilson, who stated that the scene had always been intended to be shot in Mexico as production had been attracted to the imagery of the Day of the Dead, and that the script had been developed from there. Production of Skyfall had previously faced similar problems while attempting to secure permits to shoot the film\'s pre-title sequence in India before moving to Istanbul.', ' During the filming in Mexico City, there were rumors in the press that the script had been changed to meet the demands of Mexican authorities—allegedly influencing scene and character details, casting choices, and script modifications to portray it in a "favorable light"—for tax incentives and up to 20 million dollars in financial assistance for the film. However, producer Michael G. Wilson refuted these claims, stating that the scene had always been planned to be filmed in Mexico due to the production\'s attraction to the imaginative Day of the Dead festival, and that the script had been developed accordingly. The production of Skyfall had previously faced similar issues when trying to secure permits to shoot the opening title sequence in India before heading to Istanbul.', 0.9754734, 1)
('A solar balloon is a black balloon that is filled with ordinary air. As sunlight shines on the balloon, the air inside is heated and expands causing an upward buoyancy force, much like an artificially heated hot air balloon. Some solar balloons are large enough for human flight, but usage is generally limited to the toy market as the surface-area to payload-weight ratio is relatively high.', " A solar balloon is a black balloon filled with regular air. When the sun's light illuminates the balloon, the contained air heats up and expands, causing an unbalanced force, similar to a hot air balloon with artificial heat. Some solar balloons are large enough for human flight, but their use is typically confined to the toy industry due to their high surface-to-weight ratio.", 0.9754845, 1)
('The International Energy Agency has said that solar energy can make considerable contributions to solving some of the most urgent problems the world now faces:', ' The International Energy Agency stated that solar energy can bring significant contributions to solve some of the most pressing issues that the world is facing currently.', 0.9755187, 1)
('When Link enters the Twilight Realm, the void that corrupts parts of Hyrule, he transforms into a wolf.[h] He is eventually able to transform between his Hylian and wolf forms at will. As a wolf, Link loses the ability to use his sword, shield, or any secondary items; he instead attacks by biting, and defends primarily by dodging attacks. However, "Wolf Link" gains several key advantages in return—he moves faster than he does as a human (though riding Epona is still faster) and digs holes to create new passages and uncover buried items, and has improved senses, including the ability to follow scent trails.[i] He also carries Midna, a small imp-like creature who gives him hints, uses an energy field to attack enemies, helps him jump long distances, and eventually allows Link to "warp" to any of several preset locations throughout the overworld.[j] Using Link\'s wolf senses, the player can see and listen to the wandering spirits of those affected by the Twilight, as well as hunt for enemy ghosts named Poes.[k]', " When Link enters the Dark Realm, where darkness corrupts parts of Hyrule, he transforms into a wolf. He eventually manages to switch at will between his human and wolf forms. In wolf form, Link loses the ability to use his sword, shield, or any secondary items; he attacks by biting and primarily defends by moving, and in return has several key advantages: he moves faster than a human (though riding Epona remains faster), digs holes to create new passages and unearth hidden objects, and has enhanced senses, including the ability to follow scents and detect the wandering spirits affected by the Dark Realm, and to hunt down the enemy ghosts named Poes. Using Link's wolf senses, the player can see and hear the wandering spirits of Hylians affected by the Dark Realm, as well as hunt down the enemy ghosts named Poes. Note: The parts in brackets [h], [i], [j] and [k] are annotations added for additional information and are not part of the original text. They should not be translated.", 0.9755255, 1)
('Vaccines rely on immune modulation or augmentation. Vaccination either excites or reinforces the immune competence of a host to ward off infection, leading to the activation of macrophages, the production of antibodies, inflammation, and other classic immune reactions. Antibacterial vaccines have been responsible for a drastic reduction in global bacterial diseases. Vaccines made from attenuated whole cells or lysates have been replaced largely by less reactogenic, cell-free vaccines consisting of purified components, including capsular polysaccharides and their conjugates, to protein carriers, as well as inactivated toxins (toxoids) and proteins.', ' Vaccines work through the modification or priming of immunity. Vaccination excites or boosts the immune system of a host to resist infection, leading to the activation of macrophages, the production of antibodies, inflammation, and other classic immunological reactions. Antibacterial vaccines have been responsible for a remarkable decrease in global bacterial diseases. Whole cell attenuated or lysate vaccines have been largely replaced by less reactive, purified component vaccines, such as capsular polysaccharides and their conjugates, protein carriers, and toxoids, and protein antigens.', 0.9755467, 1)
('In empirical therapy, a patient has proven or suspected infection, but the responsible microorganism is not yet unidentified. While the microorgainsim is being identified the doctor will usually administer the best choice of antibiotic that will be most active against the likely cause of infection usually a broad spectrum antibiotic. Empirical therapy is usually initiated before the doctor knows the exact identification of microorgansim causing the infection as the identification process make take several days in the laboratory.', ' In an empirical therapy, a patient presents with a proven or suspected infection, but the responsible microorganism has not yet been identified. While the microorganism is being identified, the doctor will typically administer the most active antibiotic possible against the likely cause of the infection, usually a broad-spectrum antibiotic. Empirical therapy is usually initiated before the doctor knows the exact identification of the microorganism causing the infection, as the identification process can take several days in the lab.', 0.975593, 1)
("Some of Chopin's well-known pieces have acquired descriptive titles, such as the Revolutionary Étude (Op. 10, No. 12), and the Minute Waltz (Op. 64, No. 1). However, with the exception of his Funeral March, the composer never named an instrumental work beyond genre and number, leaving all potential extramusical associations to the listener; the names by which many of his pieces are known were invented by others. There is no evidence to suggest that the Revolutionary Étude was written with the failed Polish uprising against Russia in mind; it merely appeared at that time. The Funeral March, the third movement of his Sonata No. 2 (Op. 35), the one case where he did give a title, was written before the rest of the sonata, but no specific event or death is known to have inspired it.", 'Certain famous works of Chopin have acquired descriptive titles, such as Revolutionary Étude (Op. 10, No. 12), and Minute Waltz (Op. 64, No. 1). However, with the exception of his Funeral March, the composer never named any instrumental work beyond genre and number, leaving all potential extra-musical associations to the listener; the names by which many of his works are known have been invented by others. There is no evidence to suggest that the Revolutionary Étude was written with the Polish rebellion against Russia in mind; it simply appeared during that time. The Funeral March, the third movement of his Sonata No. 2 (Op. 35), the only case where he gave a title, was written before the rest of the sonata, but no particular event or death is known to have inspired it.', 0.97562265, 1)
('But by the 1940s, many of Boas\' anthropologist contemporaries were active in the allied war effort against the "Axis" (Nazi Germany, Fascist Italy, and Imperial Japan). Many served in the armed forces, while others worked in intelligence (for example, Office of Strategic Services and the Office of War Information). At the same time, David H. Price\'s work on American anthropology during the Cold War provides detailed accounts of the pursuit and dismissal of several anthropologists from their jobs for communist sympathies.', ' From the 1940s, numerous anthropologists following Boas took part in the Allied war effort against the "Axis" (Nazi Germany, Fascist Italy, and Imperial Japan). Many served in military forces, while others worked in intelligence services (such as the Office of Strategic Services and Office of War Information). In parallel, David H. Price\'s work on American anthropology during the Cold War provides detailed accounts of the dismissal and purging of several anthropologists from their employment due to communist sympathies. (Note: "Axis" refers to the European and Asian powers that cooperated militarily during World War II. The Axis powers included Nazi Germany, Fascist Italy, and the Japanese Empire.)', 0.97562414, 1)
('Beyoncé further expanded her acting career, starring as blues singer Etta James in the 2008 musical biopic, Cadillac Records. Her performance in the film received praise from critics, and she garnered several nominations for her portrayal of James, including a Satellite Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress, and a NAACP Image Award nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress. Beyoncé donated her entire salary from the film to Phoenix House, an organization of rehabilitation centers for heroin addicts around the country. On January 20, 2009, Beyoncé performed James\' "At Last" at the First Couple\'s first inaugural ball. Beyoncé starred opposite Ali Larter and Idris Elba in the thriller, Obsessed. She played Sharon Charles, a mother and wife who learns of a woman\'s obsessive behavior over her husband. Although the film received negative reviews from critics, the movie did well at the US box office, grossing $68 million—$60 million more than Cadillac Records—on a budget of $20 million. The fight scene finale between Sharon and the character played by Ali Larter also won the 2010 MTV Movie Award for Best Fight.', ' Beyoncé pursued an acting career by being cast as Etta James in the 2008 musical biopic, "Cadillac Records." Her film performances received critical acclaim, earning her several nominations, including a Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actress and a NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress. Beyoncé donated her entire film salary to Phoenix House, a US organization for heroin addict rehabilitation centers. At the first inaugural ball in 2009, Beyoncé performed "At Last" by James for the Obamas. In the thriller "Obsessed," Beyoncé starred alongside Ali Larter and Idris Elba, portraying Sharon Charles, a mother and wife who discovers obsessive behavior from a woman towards her husband. Despite negative reviews, the film was a box office success in the US, earning $68 million, $60 million more than "Cadillac Records," on a $20 million budget. The final fight scene between Sharon and the character played by Ali Larter won the 2010 MTV Movie Award for Best Fight.', 0.9756516, 1)
("Off-grid PV systems have traditionally used rechargeable batteries to store excess electricity. With grid-tied systems, excess electricity can be sent to the transmission grid, while standard grid electricity can be used to meet shortfalls. Net metering programs give household systems a credit for any electricity they deliver to the grid. This is handled by 'rolling back' the meter whenever the home produces more electricity than it consumes. If the net electricity use is below zero, the utility then rolls over the kilowatt hour credit to the next month. Other approaches involve the use of two meters, to measure electricity consumed vs. electricity produced. This is less common due to the increased installation cost of the second meter. Most standard meters accurately measure in both directions, making a second meter unnecessary.", ' Solar photovoltaic systems with stand-alone power supply have traditionally used rechargeable batteries to store excess electricity. With connected systems, the excess electricity can be sent to the transmission grid, while standard electricity from the grid can be used to compensate for shortages. Consumption-based tariff programs give domestic systems a credit for all electricity they feed into the grid. This is done by reversing the meter each time the house produces more electricity than it consumes. If net consumption is less than zero, the supplier rolls over the credit in kilowatt-hours to the following month. Other approaches involve the use of two meters, to measure electricity consumption against electricity production. This is less common due to the additional installation costs of the second meter. Standard meters measure precisely in both directions, making a second meter unnecessary.', 0.97565246, 1)
('Nevertheless, the ethno-geographic caste hierarchy favoring the Mongols and other ethnicities were accorded higher status than the Han Chinese majority. Although Han Chinese who were recruited as advisers were often actually more influential than high officials, their status was not as well defined. Kublai also abolished the imperial examinations of China\'s civil service legacy, which was not reinstated until Ayurbarwada Buyantu Khan\'s reign (1311–1320). Rossabi writes that Kublai recognized that in order to rule China, "he had to employ Chinese advisors and officials, yet he could not rely totally on Chinese advisers because he had to maintain a delicate balancing act between ruling the sedentary civilization of China and preserving the cultural identity and values of the Mongols." And "in governing China, he was concerned with the interests of his Chinese subjects, but also with exploiting the resources of the empire for his own aggrandizement. His motivations and objectives alternated from one to the other throughout his reign," according to Rossabi. Van Praag writes in The Status of Tibet that the Tibetans and Mongols, on the other hand, upheld a dual system of rule and an interdependent relationship that legitimated the succession of Mongol khans as universal Buddhist rulers, or chakravartin. Van Praag writes that "Tibet remained a unique part of the Empire and was never fully integrated into it," citing examples such as a licensed border market that existed between China and Tibet during the Yuan.', ' Despite this, the ethno-geographical hierarchy favoring Mongols and other ethnies was granted a superior status than the Han Chinese majoritarian population. Although Han Chinese recruited as advisors often held more influence than high officials, their status was not as clearly defined. Kublai also abolished the legendary civil service examinations of the Chinese imperial system, which were not restored until the reign of Ayurbarwada Buyantu Khan (1311–1320). Rossabi writes that Kublai recognized the need to employ Chinese advisors and officials to rule China, but he could not fully trust Chinese advisors because he had to maintain a delicate balance between the sedentary civilization of China and the preservation of Mongol identity and values. And "in the governance of China, he was concerned with the interests of his Chinese subjects, but also with the exploitation of the empire\'s resources for his personal aggrandizement," according to Rossabi. Van Praag writes in The Status of Tibet that Tibetans and Mongols, for their part, maintained a system of government and an interdependent relationship that legitimized the succession of Mongol khans as universal Buddhist rulers, or chakravartin. Van Praag writes that "Tibet remained a separate part of the Empire and was never fully integrated into it," citing examples such as a border market authorized between China and Tibet during the Yuan Dynasty.', 0.975679, 1)
("The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928. This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria. Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive. Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations. But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research. This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations. Today the work has spread to other universities. In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program. In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute. In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics.", " The Lobund Institute originated from groundbreaking research into animal life without microbes, which started in 1928. This area of study has its roots in a question raised by Pasteur about the feasibility of animal life without bacteria. Previous attempts to explore this question were short-lived and inconclusive. Lobund was the first research body to conclusively demonstrate that such life is viable and can be sustained across generations. However, the objective was not just to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce a germ-free animal as a new instrument for biological and medical research. This objective was achieved, and for several years, Lobund served as the sole hub for the study and production of germ-free animals and their application in biological and medical investigations. Currently, the work has expanded to other universities. Initially, it was under the Biology Department, and a master's program complemented the research program. In the 1940s, Lobund gained a statutory independence as a research organization, and in 1950, it was elevated to the status of an Institute. In 1958, it was reabsorbed into the Biology Department as an integral part of that department, but with its own doctoral program in Gnotobiotics.", 0.97575074, 1)
('Antibacterial-resistant strains and species, sometimes referred to as "superbugs", now contribute to the emergence of diseases that were for a while well controlled. For example, emergent bacterial strains causing tuberculosis (TB) that are resistant to previously effective antibacterial treatments pose many therapeutic challenges. Every year, nearly half a million new cases of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) are estimated to occur worldwide. For example, NDM-1 is a newly identified enzyme conveying bacterial resistance to a broad range of beta-lactam antibacterials. The United Kingdom\'s Health Protection Agency has stated that "most isolates with NDM-1 enzyme are resistant to all standard intravenous antibiotics for treatment of severe infections."', 'Strains and species of antibacterial-resistant bacteria, sometimes referred to as "superbugs", now contribute to the emergence of diseases that had been well controlled for a while. For example, emerging bacterial strains causing tuberculosis (TB) that are resistant to previously effective antibacterial treatments pose significant therapeutic challenges. Every year, an estimated 450,000 new cases of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) occur worldwide. For example, NDM-1 is a newly identified enzyme that conveys bacterial resistance to a broad range of beta-lactam antibiotics. The United Kingdom\'s Health Protection Agency has stated that "most isolates with the NDM-1 enzyme are resistant to all standard intravenous antibiotics for treating severe infections."', 0.975763, 1)
('Historians Luciano Petech and Sato Hisashi argue that the Ming upheld a "divide-and-rule" policy towards a weak and politically fragmented Tibet after the Sakya regime had fallen. Chan writes that this was perhaps the calculated strategy of the Yongle Emperor, as exclusive patronage to one Tibetan sect would have given it too much regional power. Sperling finds no textual evidence in either Chinese or Tibetan sources to support this thesis of Petech and Hisashi. Norbu asserts that their thesis is largely based on the list of Ming titles conferred on Tibetan lamas rather than "comparative analysis of developments in China and Tibet." Rossabi states that this theory "attributes too much influence to the Chinese," pointing out that Tibet was already politically divided when the Ming dynasty began. Rossabi also discounts the "divide-and-rule" theory on the grounds of the Yongle Emperor\'s failed attempt to build a strong relationship with the fifth Karmapa—one which he hoped would parallel Kublai Khan\'s earlier relationship with the Sakya Phagpa lama. Instead, the Yongle Emperor followed the Karmapa\'s advice of giving patronage to many different Tibetan lamas.', ' Historians Luciano Petech and Hisashi Sato claim that the Ming Dynasty applied a policy of "divide and rule" towards a weak and politically fragmented Tibet after the fall of the Sakya regime. Chan writes that this could be the calculated strategy of Emperor Yongle, as exclusive patronage to a Tibetan sect would grant too much regional power. Sperling finds no textual evidence in Chinese or Tibetan sources to support Petech and Hisashi\'s thesis. Norbu asserts that their thesis relies mainly on the list of titles Ming bestowed upon Tibetan lamas rather than "comparative analysis of developments in China and Tibet." Rossabi declares that this theory "attributes too much influence to the Chinese," highlighting that Tibet was already politically divided when the Ming Dynasty began. Rossabi also rejects the "divide and rule" theory due to Emperor Yongle\'s failures in establishing a solid relationship with the fifth Karmapa, whom he hoped would parallel the relationship between Kubla Khan and the lama Sakya Phagpa. Instead, Emperor Yongle followed the Karmapa\'s advice by granting patronages to numerous different Tibetan lamas.', 0.9759707, 1)
("Stone and brick became the city's building materials of choice after the construction of wood-frame houses was limited in the aftermath of the Great Fire of 1835. A distinctive feature of many of the city's buildings is the wooden roof-mounted water towers. In the 1800s, the city required their installation on buildings higher than six stories to prevent the need for excessively high water pressures at lower elevations, which could break municipal water pipes. Garden apartments became popular during the 1920s in outlying areas, such as Jackson Heights.", ' The limestone and brick were the preferred construction materials of the city after the construction of wooden houses was limited due to the Great Fire of 1835. A distinctive feature of many city buildings is the wooden roofs topped with water towers. In the 19th century, the city required their installation on buildings taller than six stories to prevent excessive water pressure at ground level, which could break municipal water pipes. Garden apartments gained popularity during the 1920s in peripheral areas, such as Jackson Heights.', 0.9760357, 1)
("Many writers compare their perceptions of To Kill a Mockingbird as adults with when they first read it as children. Mary McDonagh Murphy interviewed celebrities including Oprah Winfrey, Rosanne Cash, Tom Brokaw, and Harper's sister Alice Lee, who read the novel and compiled their impressions of it as children and adults into a book titled Scout, Atticus, and Boo.", " Numerous writers compare their perceptions of To Kill a Mockingbird as adults to those they had as children during their first reading. Mary McDonagh Murphy interviewed celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey, Rosanne Cash, Tom Brokaw and Harper Lee's sister, Alice Lee, who read the novel and gathered their childhood and adult impressions in a book titled Scout, Atticus, and Boo.", 0.97607064, 1)
('Multibillion US$ heavy-rail transit projects under construction in New York City include the Second Avenue Subway, the East Side Access project, and the 7 Subway Extension.', ' Heavy-rail transit projects worth multibillions US$ that are under construction in New York include the Second Avenue Subway, the East Side Access project, and the 7 Subway Extension.', 0.97610617, 1)
('In 1817 the Saxon Palace was requisitioned by Warsaw\'s Russian governor for military use, and the Warsaw Lyceum was reestablished in the Kazimierz Palace (today the rectorate of Warsaw University). Fryderyk and his family moved to a building, which still survives, adjacent to the Kazimierz Palace. During this period, Fryderyk was sometimes invited to the Belweder Palace as playmate to the son of the ruler of Russian Poland, Grand Duke Constantine; he played the piano for the Duke and composed a march for him. Julian Ursyn Niemcewicz, in his dramatic eclogue, "Nasze Przebiegi" ("Our Discourses", 1818), attested to "little Chopin\'s" popularity.', ' [In 1817, the Saxon Palace was requis by the Russian governor of Warsaw for military use, and the Lyceum of Warsaw was re-established in the Kazimierz Palace (today the rectorate of the University of Warsaw). Fryderyk and his family moved into a building, which still exists, adjacent to the Kazimierz Palace. During this period, Fryderyk was frequently invited to the Belweder Palace to be the playmate of the Russian governor of Poland\'s son, Grand-duke Constantin; he played the piano for him and composed a march. Julian Ursyn Niemcewicz, in his dramatic eclogue, "Nasze Przebiegi" ("Nos Discours", 1818), testified to the popularity of "little Chopin".]Translation: [In 1817, the Saxon Palace was requis by the Russian governor of Warsaw for military use, and the Lyceum of Warsaw was re-established in the Kazimierz Palace (today the rectorate of the University of Warsaw). Fryderyk and his family moved into a building adjacent to the Kazimierz Palace that still survives. During this time, Fryderyk was regularly invited to the Belweder Palace to be the playmate of the Russian governor of Poland\'s son, Grand-duke Constantin; he played the piano for him and composed a march. Julian Ursyn Niemcewicz, in his dramatic eclogue "Nasze Przebiegi" ("Nos Discours", 1818), attested to the popularity of "little Chopin".]', 0.97619104, 1)
('When the Dzungar Mongols attempted to spread their territory from what is now Xinjiang into Tibet, the Kangxi Emperor (r. 1661–1722) responded to Tibetan pleas for aid with his own expedition to Tibet, occupying Lhasa in 1720. By 1751, during the reign of the Qianlong Emperor (r. 1735–1796), a protectorate and permanent Qing dynasty garrison was established in Tibet. As of 1751, Albert Kolb writes that "Chinese claims to suzerainty over Tibet date from this time."', ' When the Dzungar Mongols tried to expand their territory, now known as Xinjiang, towards Tibet, the prayers of the Tibetans to the Chinese emperors led to an imperial Chinese expedition under Emperor Kangxi (r. 1661–1722), which occupied Lhassa in 1720. Until 1751, during the reign of Emperor Qianlong (r. 1735–1796), a protectorate and a permanent garrison of the Qing dynasty were established in Tibet. According to Albert Kolb, "Chinese claims over sovereignty in Tibet date back to this period."', 0.9762257, 1)
('Tajikistan is landlocked, and is the smallest nation in Central Asia by area. It lies mostly between latitudes 36° and 41° N (a small area is north of 41°), and longitudes 67° and 75° E (a small area is east of 75°). It is covered by mountains of the Pamir range, and more than fifty percent of the country is over 3,000 meters (9,800 ft) above sea level. The only major areas of lower land are in the north (part of the Fergana Valley), and in the southern Kofarnihon and Vakhsh river valleys, which form the Amu Darya. Dushanbe is located on the southern slopes above the Kofarnihon valley.', ' Tajikistan is a land-locked country, and is the smallest in Central Asia in terms of its area. It is located primarily between the latitudes 36° and 41° N (a small part north of 41°), and the longitudes 67° and 75° E (a small part east of 75°). It is covered with mountains from the Pamir range, and more than half of the country is above 3,000 meters (9,800 feet) above sea level. The only large flat areas of land are found to the north (part of the Ferghana Valley), and in the Kofarnihon and Vakhsh valleys, which form the Amudarya River. Dushanbe is located on the southern slopes above the Kofarnihon Valley.', 0.97626734, 1)
("Portugal has considerable resources of wind and river power, the two most cost-effective renewable sources. Since the turn of the 21st century, there has been a trend towards the development of a renewable resource industry and reduction of both consumption and use of fossil fuel resources. In 2006, the world's largest solar power plant at that date, the Moura Photovoltaic Power Station, began operating near Moura, in the south, while the world's first commercial wave power farm, the Aguçadoura Wave Farm, opened in the Norte region (2008). By the end of 2006, 66% of the country's electrical production was from coal and fuel power plants, while 29% were derived from hydroelectric dams, and 6% by wind energy.", " Portugal has vast resources in wind and hydropower, the two most expensive renewable sources globally. Since the turn of the 21st century, there has been a trend towards the development of the renewable resources industry and the reduction of fossil fuel consumption and usage. In 2006, the world's largest solar power plant at that time, the Moura Photovoltaic Power Plant, began operating near Moura in the south, while the first commercial hydroelectric power plant, the Aguçadoura Hydroelectric Power Plant, opened in the northern region (2008). By the end of 2006, 66% of the country's electrical production came from coal and fuel-fired power plants, 29% came from hydroelectric power plants, and 6% came from wind energy.", 0.97627485, 0)
('In 1836, at a party hosted by Marie d\'Agoult, Chopin met the French author George Sand (born [Amantine] Aurore [Lucile] Dupin). Short (under five feet, or 152 cm), dark, big-eyed and a cigar smoker, she initially repelled Chopin, who remarked, "What an unattractive person la Sand is. Is she really a woman?" However, by early 1837 Maria Wodzińska\'s mother had made it clear to Chopin in correspondence that a marriage with her daughter was unlikely to proceed. It is thought that she was influenced by his poor health and possibly also by rumours about his associations with women such as d\'Agoult and Sand. Chopin finally placed the letters from Maria and her mother in a package on which he wrote, in Polish, "My tragedy". Sand, in a letter to Grzymała of June 1838, admitted strong feelings for the composer and debated whether to abandon a current affair in order to begin a relationship with Chopin; she asked Grzymała to assess Chopin\'s relationship with Maria Wodzińska, without realising that the affair, at least from Maria\'s side, was over.', ' In 1836, at a party given by Marie dAgoult, Chopin met the French writer George Sand (née Amantine Aurore Lucile Dupin). Short (less than five feet, or 152 cm), dark, with large eyes and a cigar smoker, she initially repulsed him. Chopin had declared: "What an unattractive person Sand is. Is she really a woman?" However, by the beginning of 1837, Maria Wodzińska\'s mother had informed Chopin through correspondence that a marriage with her daughter was unlikely. It is believed that she was inspired by her poor health and perhaps also by the rumors of her relationships with women such as dAgoult and Sand. Chopin eventually put Maria\'s letters and her mother\'s in a package with the label, in Polish, "My tragedy". Sand, in a letter to Grzymała in June 1838, confessed strong feelings for the composer and wondered if she should abandon her current affair to start a relationship with Chopin; she asked Grzymała to assess Chopin\'s relationship with Maria Wodzińska, unaware that the affair, at least from Maria\'s side, had ended. (Note: I have assumed that "Grzymała" is a name, and have translated it as "Grzymała" in the French text. If "Grzymała" is actually a Polish word meaning something else, please let me know and I will correct the translation accordingly.)', 0.9762859, 1)
('In 1664, Peter Stuyvesant, the Director-General of the colony of New Netherland, surrendered New Amsterdam to the English without bloodshed. The English promptly renamed the fledgling city "New York" after the Duke of York (later King James II).', ' In 1664, Peter Stuyvesant, governor general of the colony of New Netherland, rendered New Amsterdam to the English without shedding blood. The English immediately renamed the young city "New York" after the Duke of York (later King James II).', 0.97631013, 1)
('Urban heat islands (UHI) are metropolitan areas with higher temperatures than that of the surrounding environment. The higher temperatures are a result of increased absorption of the Solar light by urban materials such as asphalt and concrete, which have lower albedos and higher heat capacities than those in the natural environment. A straightforward method of counteracting the UHI effect is to paint buildings and roads white and plant trees. Using these methods, a hypothetical "cool communities" program in Los Angeles has projected that urban temperatures could be reduced by approximately 3 °C at an estimated cost of US$1 billion, giving estimated total annual benefits of US$530 million from reduced air-conditioning costs and healthcare savings.', ' Urban heat islands (UHI) refer to metropolitan areas experiencing higher temperatures than their surroundings. This temperature increase is due to urban materials like asphalt and concrete, which have lower albedos and higher heat capacities than natural materials. A potential solution to mitigate the UHI effect is to paint buildings and roads white and plant trees. A hypothetical "cool communities" program in Los Angeles projects that urban temperatures could be decreased by around 3 °C at an estimated cost of US$1 billion. The annual benefits from reduced air-conditioning expenses and healthcare savings are projected to amount to US$530 million.', 0.97631526, 1)
('Along with dividing up their project by theoretical emphasis, anthropologists typically divide the world up into relevant time periods and geographic regions. Human time on Earth is divided up into relevant cultural traditions based on material, such as the Paleolithic and the Neolithic, of particular use in archaeology.[citation needed] Further cultural subdivisions according to tool types, such as Olduwan or Mousterian or Levalloisian help archaeologists and other anthropologists in understanding major trends in the human past.[citation needed] Anthropologists and geographers share approaches to Culture regions as well, since mapping cultures is central to both sciences. By making comparisons across cultural traditions (time-based) and cultural regions (space-based), anthropologists have developed various kinds of comparative method, a central part of their science.', ' Anthropologists not only divide their projects according to theoretical phases, but also divide the world into relevant cultural periods and regions. Human time on Earth is divided into cultural traditions, based on material remains, such as the Paleolithic and Neolithic, particularly in archaeology. [Citation needed] Sub-divisions of cultures based on tool types, such as Olduwan or Mousterian or Levalloisian, help archaeologists and other anthropologists understand the major trends in human history. [Citation needed] Anthropologists and geographers share approaches in terms of cultural regions, as the mapping of cultures is central to all sciences. By making comparisons between cultural traditions (time-based) and cultural regions (space-based), anthropologists have developed various types of comparative methods, a central part of their science.', 0.976321, 1)
('A reconciliation of these views is suggested by William Atwood: "Undoubtedly [Chopin\'s] use of traditional musical forms like the polonaise and mazurka roused nationalistic sentiments and a sense of cohesiveness amongst those Poles scattered across Europe and the New World ... While some sought solace in [them], others found them a source of strength in their continuing struggle for freedom. Although Chopin\'s music undoubtedly came to him intuitively rather than through any conscious patriotic design, it served all the same to symbolize the will of the Polish people ..."', ' A reconciliation of these viewpoints is suggested by William Atwood: "It is clear that Chopin\'s traditional musical forms such as the polonaise and mazurka stirred nationalistic feelings and a sense of cohesion among Poles dispersed in Europe and the New World. Some sought refuge in them, while others found strength in them during their ongoing struggle for freedom. Although Chopin\'s music likely came to him intuitively rather than through deliberate patriotic intent, it still served as a symbol of the will of the Polish people."', 0.9764168, 1)
('The most precarious of these quake-lakes was the one located in the extremely difficult terrain at Mount Tangjia in Beichuan County, Sichuan, accessible only by foot or air; an Mi-26T heavy lift helicopter belonging to the China Flying Dragon Special Aviation Company was used to bring heavy earthmoving tractors to the affected location. This operation was coupled with the work done by PLAAF Mi-17 helicopters bringing in PLA engineering corps, explosive specialists and other personnel to join 1,200 soldiers who arrived on site by foot. Five tons of fuel to operate the machinery was airlifted to the site, where a sluice was constructed to allow the safe discharge of the bottlenecked water. Downstream, more than 200,000 people were evacuated from Mianyang by June 1 in anticipation of the dam bursting.', " The most precarious of these earthquake lakes was located in extremely difficult terrain on Mount Tangjia, in Beichuan County, Sichuan, accessible only on foot or by air; a heavy-lift Mi-26T helicopter belonging to the Special Aviation Dragon Flying Company of China was used to transport bulldozers to the affected location. This was accompanied by efforts from Mi-17 helicopters of the AVLB (Chinese People's Liberation Army Air Force) which brought army engineers, explosives experts, and other personnel to join the 1,200 soldiers who had reached the site on foot. Five tons of fuel were airlifted to the site, where a weir was built to allow safe drainage of the blocked water. Downstream, over 200,000 people were evacuated from Mianyang before June 1st in anticipation of the dam collapse.", 0.97642857, 1)
('Beyoncé has worked with Tommy Hilfiger for the fragrances True Star (singing a cover version of "Wishing on a Star") and True Star Gold; she also promoted Emporio Armani\'s Diamonds fragrance in 2007. Beyoncé launched her first official fragrance, Heat in 2010. The commercial, which featured the 1956 song "Fever", was shown after the water shed in the United Kingdom as it begins with an image of Beyoncé appearing to lie naked in a room. In February 2011, Beyoncé launched her second fragrance, Heat Rush. Beyoncé\'s third fragrance, Pulse, was launched in September 2011. In 2013, The Mrs. Carter Show Limited Edition version of Heat was released. The six editions of Heat are the world\'s best-selling celebrity fragrance line, with sales of over $400 million.', ' Beyoncé worked with Tommy Hilfiger for the perfumes True Star (performing a reprise of "Wishing on a Star") and True Star Gold; she promoted the perfum Emporio Armani Diamonds in 2007. Beyoncé launched her first official perfume, Chaleur, in 2010. The commercial, featuring an image of Beyoncé appearing to rest naked in a room, was aired beyond the rated hours in the UK due to this initial image. In February 2011, Beyoncé launched her second perfume, Chaleur Rush. Her third perfume, Pulsation, was launched in September 2011. In 2013, a limited edition of The Mrs. Carter Show of Chaleur was released. The six editions of Chaleur are the best-selling celebrity fragrance line in the world, with sales exceeding 400 million dollars.', 0.97645575, 0)
("This in turn led to the establishment of the right-wing dictatorship of the Estado Novo under António de Oliveira Salazar in 1933. Portugal was one of only five European countries to remain neutral in World War II. From the 1940s to the 1960s, Portugal was a founding member of NATO, OECD and the European Free Trade Association (EFTA). Gradually, new economic development projects and relocation of mainland Portuguese citizens into the overseas provinces in Africa were initiated, with Angola and Mozambique, as the largest and richest overseas territories, being the main targets of those initiatives. These actions were used to affirm Portugal's status as a transcontinental nation and not as a colonial empire.", " This led to the establishment of the right-wing Estado Novo dictatorship of António de Oliveira Salazar in 1933. Portugal was one of the five European countries to remain neutral in World War II. From the 1940s to the 1960s, Portugal was a founding member of NATO, OECD and the European Free Trade Association (EFTA). Gradually, new economic development projects and the relocation of mainland Portuguese citizens into the overseas provinces in Africa were initiated. Angola and Mozambique, as the largest and richest overseas territories, were the main targets of these initiatives. These actions were used to affirm Portugal's status as a transcontinental nation and not as a colonial empire.", 0.9765587, 1)
("As evident in his imperial edicts, the Hongwu Emperor was well aware of the Buddhist link between Tibet and China and wanted to foster it. Rolpe Dorje, 4th Karmapa Lama (1340–1383) rejected the Hongwu Emperor's invitation, although he did send some disciples as envoys to the court in Nanjing. The Hongwu Emperor also entrusted his guru Zongluo, one of many Buddhist monks at court, to head a religious mission into Tibet in 1378–1382 in order to obtain Buddhist texts.", " The imperial edicts provide evidence that Emperor Hongwu was conscious of the Buddhist link between Tibet and China and aimed to strengthen it. Rolpe Dorje, the 4th Karmapa Lama (1340–1383), declined Emperor Hongwu's invitation, but he did send some disciples as envoys to the Nanking tribunal. Emperor Hongwu also entrusted his guru Zongluo, one of the numerous Buddhist monks at court, to head a religious mission to Tibet between 1378 and 1382, to acquire Buddhist scriptures.", 0.9765862, 1)
("Tajikistan is officially a republic, and holds elections for the presidency and parliament, operating under a presidential system. It is, however, a dominant-party system, where the People's Democratic Party of Tajikistan routinely has a vast majority in Parliament. Emomalii Rahmon has held the office of President of Tajikistan continually since November 1994. The Prime Minister is Kokhir Rasulzoda, the First Deputy Prime Minister is Matlubkhon Davlatov and the two Deputy Prime Ministers are Murodali Alimardon and Ruqiya Qurbanova.", ' Tajikistan is officially a republic, holding presidential and parliamentary elections under a presidential system. However, it is a majoritarian party system, where the Democratic Party of People of Tajikistan regularly has a largely dominant majority in Parliament. Emomali Rahmon has held the position of President of Tajikistan continuously since November 1994. The Prime Minister is Kokhir Rasulzoda, the First Deputy Prime Minister is Matlubkhon Davlatov, and the two Deputy Prime Ministers are Murodali Alimardon and Ruqiya Qurbanova.', 0.97658646, 1)
('Writing about Lee\'s style and use of humor in a tragic story, scholar Jacqueline Tavernier-Courbin states: "Laughter ... [exposes] the gangrene under the beautiful surface but also by demeaning it; one can hardly ... be controlled by what one is able to laugh at." Scout\'s precocious observations about her neighbors and behavior inspire National Endowment of the Arts director David Kipen to call her "hysterically funny". To address complex issues, however, Tavernier-Courbin notes that Lee uses parody, satire, and irony effectively by using a child\'s perspective. After Dill promises to marry her, then spends too much time with Jem, Scout reasons the best way to get him to pay attention to her is to beat him up, which she does several times. Scout\'s first day in school is a satirical treatment of education; her teacher says she must undo the damage Atticus has wrought in teaching her to read and write, and forbids Atticus from teaching her further. Lee treats the most unfunny situations with irony, however, as Jem and Scout try to understand how Maycomb embraces racism and still tries sincerely to remain a decent society. Satire and irony are used to such an extent that Tavernier-Courbin suggests one interpretation for the book\'s title: Lee is doing the mocking—of education, the justice system, and her own society by using them as subjects of her humorous disapproval.', 'Writing about Lee\'s style and use of humor in a tragic story, researcher Jacqueline Tavernier-Courbin writes: "Laughter ... [reveals] the rot beneath the beautiful surface, but also softens it; it is difficult to be in control of what one can laugh at. Scout\'s early observations on her neighbors and her behavior inspire David Kipen, director of the National Endowment of the Arts, to describe her as "hysterically funny." However, to address complex issues, Tavernier-Courbin notes that Lee effectively uses parody, satire, and irony through a child\'s perspective. After Dill promises to marry, then spends too much time with Jem, Scout reasons that the best way to bring him back to her is to hit him, which she does several times. The first day of Scout at school is a satirical treatment of education; her teacher orders her to repair the damages caused by Atticus teaching her to read and write, and forbids Atticus from teaching further. Lee treats the funniest situations ironically, however, as Jem and Scout try to understand how Maycomb embraces racism and sincerely attempts to remain a good society. Satire and irony are used to such a great extent that Tavernier-Courbin suggests a possible interpretation for the title of the book: Lee is mocking—education, the legal system, and his own society through their use as subjects of his comic approval.', 0.97670066, 1)
('Biological anthropologists are interested in both human variation and in the possibility of human universals (behaviors, ideas or concepts shared by virtually all human cultures). They use many different methods of study, but modern population genetics, participant observation and other techniques often take anthropologists "into the field," which means traveling to a community in its own setting, to do something called "fieldwork." On the biological or physical side, human measurements, genetic samples, nutritional data may be gathered and published as articles or monographs.', ' Biological anthropologists are interested in human variability and the possibility of universal human traits (behaviors, ideas, or concepts shared by almost all human cultures). They use various methods of study, but the genetics of modern populations, observational participation, and other techniques often lead them "into the field," which means traveling to a community in its environment, to perform what is called "fieldwork." From the biological or physical perspective, human measurements, genetic samples, nutritional data can be collected and published in the form of articles or monographs.', 0.9770189, 1)
('As of 2006, the iPod was produced by about 14,000 workers in the U.S. and 27,000 overseas. Further, the salaries attributed to this product were overwhelmingly distributed to highly skilled U.S. professionals, as opposed to lower skilled U.S. retail employees or overseas manufacturing labor. One interpretation of this result is that U.S. innovation can create more jobs overseas than domestically.', ' From 2006, iPod was produced by approximately 14,000 workers in the United States and 27,000 abroad. In addition, the wages attributed to this product were mainly distributed to highly qualified American professionals, rather than low-skilled sales staff in the United States or foreign factory workers. A possible interpretation of this result is that American innovation creates more jobs abroad than domestically.', 0.9770209, 1)
('The phrase "in whole or in part" has been subject to much discussion by scholars of international humanitarian law. The International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia found in Prosecutor v. Radislav Krstic – Trial Chamber I – Judgment – IT-98-33 (2001) ICTY8 (2 August 2001) that Genocide had been committed. In Prosecutor v. Radislav Krstic – Appeals Chamber – Judgment – IT-98-33 (2004) ICTY 7 (19 April 2004) paragraphs 8, 9, 10, and 11 addressed the issue of in part and found that "the part must be a substantial part of that group. The aim of the Genocide Convention is to prevent the intentional destruction of entire human groups, and the part targeted must be significant enough to have an impact on the group as a whole." The Appeals Chamber goes into details of other cases and the opinions of respected commentators on the Genocide Convention to explain how they came to this conclusion.', 'The term "in whole or in part" has been subject to intense debates among international humanitarian law researchers. The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia ruled in Prosecutor v. Radislav Krstic – Chamber I – Judgment – IT-98-33 (2001) ICTY-8 (2 August 2001) that Genocide had been committed. In Prosecutor v. Radislav Krstic – Appeals Chamber – Judgment – IT-98-33 (2004) ICTY 7 (19 April 2004), paragraphs 8, 9, 10 and 11 addressed the aspect in part and found that "the part must be an important part of that group." The objective of the Genocide Convention is to prevent the deliberate destruction of an entire human group, and the targeted part must be significant enough to have an influence on the group as a whole. The Appeals Chamber delves into details of other cases and opinions of respected commentators on the Genocide Convention to explain how they reached this conclusion.', 0.97704995, 1)
('Chocolate is New York City\'s leading specialty-food export, with up to US$234 million worth of exports each year. Entrepreneurs were forming a "Chocolate District" in Brooklyn as of 2014, while Godiva, one of the world\'s largest chocolatiers, continues to be headquartered in Manhattan.', ' Chocolate is the most popular specialized food item in New York, with up to 234 million dollars in exports annually. Entrepreneurs formed a "Chocolate District" in Brooklyn as early as 2014, while Godiva, one of the largest chocolate manufacturers in the world, continued to headquarters at Manhattan.', 0.97706854, 1)
('Portugal maintains a unitary semi-presidential republican form of government and is a developed country with an advanced economy, and a high living standard, having the 18th highest Social Progress in the world, putting it ahead of other Western European countries like France, Spain and Italy. It is a member of numerous international organizations, including the United Nations, the European Union, the Eurozone, OECD, NATO and the Community of Portuguese Language Countries. Portugal is also known for having decriminalized the usage of all common drugs in 2001, the first country in the world to do so. However, drugs are still illegal in Portugal.', ' Portugal is a unitary republic with a semi-presidential system and is a developed country possessing an advanced economy and a high living standard, ranking 18th in the world in terms of Social Progress, placing it before other Western European countries such as France, Spain, and Italy. Portugal is a member of numerous international organizations, including the United Nations, the European Union, the Eurozone, the OECD, NATO, and the Community of Portuguese Language Countries. Portugal is also known for decriminalizing the use of all common drugs in 2001, becoming the first country in the world to do so. However, drugs remain illegal in Portugal.', 0.9771425, 1)
('Kinship can refer both to the study of the patterns of social relationships in one or more human cultures, or it can refer to the patterns of social relationships themselves. Over its history, anthropology has developed a number of related concepts and terms, such as "descent", "descent groups", "lineages", "affines", "cognates", and even "fictive kinship". Broadly, kinship patterns may be considered to include people related both by descent (one\'s social relations during development), and also relatives by marriage.', ' The social link can apply to the study of models of social relations in one or several human cultures, or it can refer to the social relations models themselves. Throughout its history, anthropology has developed a certain number of concepts and related terms, such as "descent," "descent groups," "lines," "affines," "cognates," and even "fictive kinship." In total, models of kinship encompass not only those linked by descent (social relations during development), but also parents by marriage.', 0.9771514, 1)
('Beyoncé has been described as a having a wide-ranging sex appeal, with music journalist Touré writing that since the release of Dangerously in Love, she has "become a crossover sex symbol". Offstage Beyoncé says that while she likes to dress sexily, her onstage dress "is absolutely for the stage." Due to her curves and the term\'s catchiness, in the 2000s, the media often used the term "Bootylicious" (a portmanteau of the words booty and delicious) to describe Beyoncé, the term popularized by Destiny\'s Child\'s single of the same name. In 2006, it was added to the Oxford English Dictionary.', ' Beyoncé has been described as having an extended sex appeal. Music journalist Touré wrote after the release of Dangerously in Love that she had become a crossover sex symbol. On stage, Beyoncé states that her sexy attire is absolutely for the stage. Due to her curves and charm, in the 2000s, the media frequently used the term "Bootylicious" (a portmanteau of the words booty and delicious) to describe Beyoncé, a term popularized by Destiny\'s Child\'s single of the same name. This term was added to the Oxford English Dictionary in 2006.', 0.9772078, 1)
('One of the most significant impacts To Kill a Mockingbird has had is Atticus Finch\'s model of integrity for the legal profession. As scholar Alice Petry explains, "Atticus has become something of a folk hero in legal circles and is treated almost as if he were an actual person." Morris Dees of the Southern Poverty Law Center cites Atticus Finch as the reason he became a lawyer, and Richard Matsch, the federal judge who presided over the Timothy McVeigh trial, counts Atticus as a major judicial influence. One law professor at the University of Notre Dame stated that the most influential textbook he taught from was To Kill a Mockingbird, and an article in the Michigan Law Review claims, "No real-life lawyer has done more for the self-image or public perception of the legal profession," before questioning whether, "Atticus Finch is a paragon of honor or an especially slick hired gun".', ' One of the most notable impacts of To Kill a Mockingbird was Atticus Finch\'s model of integrity for the legal profession. According to researcher Alice Prather, "Atticus has become almost mythical in legal circles and is treated almost as if he were a real person." Morris Dees of the Southern Poverty Law Center cites Atticus Finch as the reason he became a lawyer, and Richard Matsch, the federal judge who presided over the Timothy McVeigh trial, considers him a major influence. A professor of law at the University of Notre Dame stated that the most influential academic book he taught was To Kill a Mockingbird, and an article in the Michigan Law Review asserts, "No real lawyer has done more to shape or public perception of the legal profession," before asking if "Atticus Finch is a paragon of virtue or a particularly skilled, engaged attorney."', 0.97722524, 1)
('Wang and Nyima argue that the Ming emperor sent edicts to Tibet twice in the second year of the Ming dynasty, and demonstrated that he viewed Tibet as a significant region to pacify by urging various Tibetan tribes to submit to the authority of the Ming court. They note that at the same time, the Mongol Prince Punala, who had inherited his position as ruler of areas of Tibet, went to Nanjing in 1371 to pay tribute and show his allegiance to the Ming court, bringing with him the seal of authority issued by the Yuan court. They also state that since successors of lamas granted the title of "prince" had to travel to the Ming court to renew this title, and since lamas called themselves princes, the Ming court therefore had "full sovereignty over Tibet." They state that the Ming dynasty, by issuing imperial edicts to invite ex-Yuan officials to the court for official positions in the early years of its founding, won submission from ex-Yuan religious and administrative leaders in the Tibetan areas, and thereby incorporated Tibetan areas into the rule of the Ming court. Thus, they conclude, the Ming court won the power to rule Tibetan areas formerly under the rule of the Yuan dynasty.', 'Wang and Nyima claim that the Ming emperor sent two edicts to Tibet in the second year of the Ming dynasty, emphasizing that Tibet was an important region to pacify and urging various Tibetan tribes to submit to the authority of the Ming court. They highlight that, at the same time, the Mongol prince Punala, who had inherited his position as governor of parts of Tibet, went to Nanking in 1371 to pay homage and demonstrate loyalty to the Ming court, bringing with him the seal of authority issued by the Yuan court. They also mention that the successors of the lamas had to go to the Ming court to renew their titles, and that the lamas referred to themselves as princes, indicating that the Ming court had full sovereignty over Tibet. They affirm that the Ming dynasty, by issuing imperial edicts to invite ex-Yuan religious and administrative officials to the court for official positions in the early years of its founding, obtained the submission of the religious and administrative ex-Yuan leaders in the Tibetan regions, and thus incorporated the Tibetan regions into the jurisdiction of the Ming court. Therefore, they conclude, the Ming court gained the power to rule over the Tibetan regions that had previously been under the jurisdiction of the Yuan dynasty.', 0.9774253, 1)
('The most important demographic influence in the modern Portuguese seems to be the oldest one; current interpretation of Y-chromosome and mtDNA data suggests that the Portuguese have their origin in Paleolithic peoples that began arriving to the European continent around 45,000 years ago. All subsequent migrations did leave an impact, genetically and culturally, but the main population source of the Portuguese is still Paleolithic. Genetic studies show Portuguese populations not to be significantly different from other European populations.', ' The most significant demographic influences on modern Portuguese seem to originate from the oldest; current interpretations of chromosome Y and mtDNA data suggest that the Portuguese have their origin in paleolithic peoples who began arriving on the European continent approximately 45,000 years ago. All subsequent migrations left their mark, both genetically and culturally, but the primary Portuguese population source remains paleolithic. Genetic studies show that Portuguese populations are not significantly different from those of other European countries.', 0.97744966, 1)
('The Rev. Theodore Hesburgh, C.S.C., (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations. In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9.7 million to $176.6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million. Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500.', 'The Reverend Theodore Hesburgh, C.S.C. (1917–2015) served for 35 years (1952–87) of spectacular transformations. In this period, the annual operating budget increased by a factor of 18, from 9.7 million dollars to 176.6 million dollars, and the endowment increased by a factor of 40, from 9 million dollars to 350 million dollars, and research funding increased by a factor of 20, from 735,000 dollars to 15 million dollars. The student body nearly doubled, from 4,979 to 9,600, the number of professors more than doubled, from 389 to 950, and the number of annual degrees awarded doubled, from 1,212 to 2,500.', 0.9775756, 1)
('The Red Cross Society of China flew 557 tents and 2,500 quilts valued at 788,000 yuan (US$113,000) to Wenchuan County. The Amity Foundation already began relief work in the region and has earmarked US$143,000 for disaster relief. The Sichuan Ministry of Civil Affairs said that they have provided 30,000 tents for those left homeless.', ' The Red Cross Society of China stole 557 tents and 2,500 quilts, valued at 788,000 yuans (US$113,000), and sent them to Wenchuan County. The Amity Foundation has already begun relief work in the area and has set aside US$143,000 for emergency relief. The Sichuan Civil Affairs Ministry declared that they have provided 30,000 tents to the homeless.', 0.9776887, 0)
('In 1609, English explorer Henry Hudson re-discovered the region when he sailed his ship the Halve Maen ("Half Moon" in Dutch) into New York Harbor while searching for the Northwest Passage to the Orient for his employer, the Dutch East India Company. He proceeded to sail up what he named the North River, also called the Mauritis River, and now known as the Hudson River, to the site of the present-day New York State capital of Albany in the belief that it might represent an oceanic tributary. When the river narrowed and was no longer saline, he realized it was not a maritime passage and sailed back downriver. He made a ten-day exploration of the area and claimed the region for his employer. In 1614, the area between Cape Cod and Delaware Bay would be claimed by the Netherlands and called Nieuw-Nederland (New Netherland).', ' In 1609, English explorer Henry Hudson rediscovered the region as he brought his ship, the Halve Maen (Dutch name for "Half Moon"), into the port of New York in search of the Northwest Passage to the East for the Dutch East India Company. He then sailed north and baptized the river he called the North River, also known as the Mauritis River and now known as the Hudson River, up to the site of the current New York state capital, Albany, believing it to be an oceanic tributary. When the river shrank and was no longer salty, he realized it was not a sea passage and returned downstream. He explored the region for ten days and claimed it for his employer. In 1614, the area between Cape Cod and the Delaware Bay was claimed by the Netherlands and called Nieuw-Nederland (New Netherland).', 0.97775036, 1)
('Between 64 and 104 major aftershocks, ranging in magnitude from 4.0 to 6.1, were recorded within 72 hours of the main quake. According to Chinese official counts, "by 12:00 CST, November 6, 2008 there had been 42,719 total aftershocks, of which 246 ranged from 4.0 MS to 4.9 MS, 34 from 5.0 MS to 5.9 MS, and 8 from 6.0 Ms to 6.4 MS; the strongest aftershock measured 6.4 MS." The latest aftershock exceeding M6 occurred on August 5, 2008.', ' Between 64 and 104 aftershocks with magnitudes ranging from 4.0 to 6.1 were recorded within 72 hours following the main earthquake. According to official Chinese figures, "up to Chinese Standard Time 12:00 noon on November 6, 2008, a total of 42,719 aftershocks were recorded, of which 246 ranged from 4.0 MS to 4.9 MS, 34 ranged from 5.0 MS to 5.9 MS, and 8 ranged from 6.0 Ms to 6.4 Ms; the strongest aftershock measured 6.4 MS." The last aftershock above M6 occurred on August 5, 2008.', 0.9779723, 1)
('In December, Beyoncé along with a variety of other celebrities teamed up and produced a video campaign for "Demand A Plan", a bipartisan effort by a group of 950 US mayors and others designed to influence the federal government into rethinking its gun control laws, following the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting. Beyoncé became an ambassador for the 2012 World Humanitarian Day campaign donating her song "I Was Here" and its music video, shot in the UN, to the campaign. In 2013, it was announced that Beyoncé would work with Salma Hayek and Frida Giannini on a Gucci "Chime for Change" campaign that aims to spread female empowerment. The campaign, which aired on February 28, was set to her new music. A concert for the cause took place on June 1, 2013 in London and included other acts like Ellie Goulding, Florence and the Machine, and Rita Ora. In advance of the concert, she appeared in a campaign video released on 15 May 2013, where she, along with Cameron Diaz, John Legend and Kylie Minogue, described inspiration from their mothers, while a number of other artists celebrated personal inspiration from other women, leading to a call for submission of photos of women of viewers\' inspiration from which a selection was shown at the concert. Beyoncé said about her mother Tina Knowles that her gift was "finding the best qualities in every human being." With help of the crowdfunding platform Catapult, visitors of the concert could choose between several projects promoting education of women and girls. Beyoncé is also taking part in "Miss a Meal", a food-donation campaign, and supporting Goodwill charity through online charity auctions at Charitybuzz that support job creation throughout Europe and the U.S.', ' Beyoncé, in August, teamed up with numerous celebrities for a "Demand Action" video campaign. This bipartisan initiative, led by 950 American mayors and others, aimed to persuade the federal government to reconsider gun control laws following the Sandy Hook Elementary School tragedy. Beyoncé served as the ambassador for the 2012 World Humanitarian Day campaign, contributing her song "I Was Here" and its music video, filmed at the United Nations. In 2013, Beyoncé collaborated with Salma Hayek and Frida Giannini for Gucci\'s "Chime for Change" campaign, which promoted women\'s empowerment. The campaign, released on February 28, 2013, was accompanied by new music. A concert for the cause took place on June 1, 2013 in London, featuring artists like Ellie Goulding, Florence and the Machine, and Rita Ora. Prior to the concert, Beyoncé appeared in a campaign video released on May 15, 2013. In this video, she, along with Cameron Diaz, John Legend, and Kylie Minogue, shared their inspirations drawn from their mothers, while other artists celebrated their personal inspirations from women. The video culminated in a call for viewers to submit photos of women serving as inspirations. Beyoncé expressed that her mother Tina Knowles\' gift was "finding the best in every human being." With Catapult, a crowdfunding platform, concertgoers could choose between several projects promoting women\'s education. Beyoncé also supports "Feed the Children," a food donation campaign, and', 0.9780248, 1)
('Office buildings in Shanghai\'s financial district, including the Jin Mao Tower and the Hong Kong New World Tower, were evacuated. A receptionist at the Tibet Hotel in Chengdu said things were "calm" after the hotel evacuated its guests. Meanwhile, workers at a Ford plant in Sichuan were evacuated for about 10 minutes. Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport was shut down, and the control tower and regional radar control evacuated. One SilkAir flight was diverted and landed in Kunming as a result. Cathay Pacific delayed both legs of its quadruple daily Hong Kong to London route due to this disruption in air traffic services. Chengdu Shuangliu Airport reopened later on the evening of May 12, offering limited service as the airport began to be used as a staging area for relief operations.', 'The administrative buildings in Shanghai, including the Jin Mao Tower and New World Tower in Hong Kong, have been evacuated. A receptionist at the Tibet Hotel in Chengdu stated that things were "calm" after the hotel\'s clients were evacuated. Meanwhile, workers at a Ford factory in Sichuan were evacuated for approximately 10 minutes. Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport was closed, and the control tower and radar control center were evacuated. A SilkAir flight was diverted and landed in Kunming instead. Cathay Pacific flights delayed the second and third stages of their quadruple daily Hong Kong-London route due to disruptions in air traffic services. Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport reopened later in the evening of May 12, offering limited services, as it began to be used as a departure point for relief operations.', 0.9780735, 1)
('A direct chartered cargo flight was made by China Airlines from Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport to Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport sending some 100 tons of relief supplies donated by the Tzu Chi Foundation and the Red Cross Society of Taiwan to the affected areas. Approval from mainland Chinese authorities was sought, and the chartered flight departed Taipei at 17:00 CST, May 15 and arrived in Chengdu by 20:30 CST. A rescue team from the Red Cross in Taiwan was also scheduled to depart Taipei on a Mandarin Airlines direct chartered flight to Chengdu at 15:00 CST on May 16.', ' A charter flight operated by China Airlines directly, carrying around 100 tonnes of humanitarian aid supplies from the Tzu Chi Foundation and the Taiwan Red Cross, took off from Taoyuan International Airport in Taipei for Chengdu-Shuangliu International Airport in China. The necessary approval from Chinese authorities abroad was obtained, and the charter flight departed Taipei at 17:00 CST on May 15 and arrived in Chengdu at 20:30 CST. A Taiwan Red Cross relief team was scheduled to leave Taipei on a charter flight operated by Mandarin Airlines for Chengdu at 15:00 CST on May 16.', 0.9783112, 1)
('Prior Zelda games have employed a theme of two separate, yet connected, worlds. In A Link to the Past, Link travels between a "Light World" and a "Dark World"; in Ocarina of Time, as well as in Oracle of Ages, Link travels between two different time periods. The Zelda team sought to reuse this motif in the series\' latest installment. It was suggested that Link transform into a wolf, much like he metamorphoses into a rabbit in the Dark World of A Link to the Past.[m] The story of the game was created by Aonuma, and later underwent several changes by scenario writers Mitsuhiro Takano and Aya Kyogoku. Takano created the script for the story scenes, while Kyogoku and Takayuki Ikkaku handled the actual in-game script. Aonuma left his team working on the new idea while he directed The Minish Cap for the Game Boy Advance. When he returned, he found the Twilight Princess team struggling. Emphasis on the parallel worlds and the wolf transformation had made Link\'s character unbelievable. Aonuma also felt the gameplay lacked the caliber of innovation found in Phantom Hourglass, which was being developed with touch controls for the Nintendo DS. At the same time, the Wii was under development with the code name "Revolution". Miyamoto thought that the Revolution\'s pointing device, the Wii Remote, was well suited for aiming arrows in Zelda, and suggested that Aonuma consider using it.[n]', 'The earlier Zelda games featured a theme of two separate, connected worlds. In A Link to the Past, Link travels between a "Light World" and a "Dark World"; in Ocarina of Time and Oracle of Ages, Link travels between different temporal periods. The Zelda team attempted to reuse this concept in the latest installment of the series. It was suggested that Link transforms into a wolf, as he does in the Dark World of Link to the Past. [m]The story of the game was created by Aonuma, and later underwent several modifications by the scenarists Mitsuhiro Takano and Aya Kyogoku. Takano wrote the script for the scenes, while Kyogoku and Takayuki Ikkaku managed the real script of the game. Aonuma left his team to work on this new idea while he worked on The Minish Cap for the Game Boy Advance. When he returned, he found the Twilight Princess team struggling. The emphasis on parallel worlds and Link\'s wolf transformation had made his character unbelievable. Aonuma felt that the gameplay lacked the innovation discovered in Phantom Hourglass, which was in development with touch controls for the Nintendo DS. At the same time, the Wii was in development under the codename "Revolution". Miyamoto believed that the Revolution\'s pointer, the Wii Remote, was ideally suited for aiming arrows in Zelda, and suggested this to Aonuma. [n]', 0.97831583, 1)
('According to the 2010 Census, 89.4 percent of the population was White (87.8 percent Non-Hispanic White), 6.3 percent American Indian and Alaska Native, 2.9 percent Hispanics and Latinos of any race, 0.6 percent Asian, 0.4 percent Black or African American, 0.1 percent Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander, 0.6 percent from Some Other Race, and 2.5 percent from two or more races. The largest European ancestry groups in Montana as of 2010 are: German (27.0 percent), Irish (14.8 percent), English (12.6 percent), Norwegian (10.9 percent), French (4.7 percent) and Italian (3.4 percent).', ' According to the 2010 census, 89.4% of the population was White (87.8% Non-Hispanic White), accounting for 87.8% of the population. The remaining 12.6% consisted of: 6.3% American Indian and Native, 2.9% Hispanic and Latinos of any race, 0.6% Asian, 0.4% Black or African, 0.1% Hawaiians and Other Pacific Islanders, 0.6% of other races, and 2.5% of two or more races. The most prevalent European ancestries in Montana in 2010 were: German (27.0%), Irish (14.8%), English (12.6%), Norwegian (10.9%), French (4.7%), and Italian (3.4%).', 0.97833747, 1)
('The remaining band members recorded "Independent Women Part I", which appeared on the soundtrack to the 2000 film, Charlie\'s Angels. It became their best-charting single, topping the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart for eleven consecutive weeks. In early 2001, while Destiny\'s Child was completing their third album, Beyoncé landed a major role in the MTV made-for-television film, Carmen: A Hip Hopera, starring alongside American actor Mekhi Phifer. Set in Philadelphia, the film is a modern interpretation of the 19th century opera Carmen by French composer Georges Bizet. When the third album Survivor was released in May 2001, Luckett and Roberson filed a lawsuit claiming that the songs were aimed at them. The album debuted at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200, with first-week sales of 663,000 copies sold. The album spawned other number-one hits, "Bootylicious" and the title track, "Survivor", the latter of which earned the group a Grammy Award for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals. After releasing their holiday album 8 Days of Christmas in October 2001, the group announced a hiatus to further pursue solo careers.', ' The remaining members recorded "Independent Women Part I," which appeared on the soundtrack of the 2000 film Charlie\'s Angels. This single reached the first place on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in the United States for eleven consecutive weeks. At the beginning of the year 2001, while Destiny\'s Child was working on their third album, Beyoncé obtained a major role in MTV\'s television film Carmen: A Hip Hopera, alongside American actor Mekhi Phifer. Set in Philadelphia, the film is a modern interpretation of the opera Carmen by French composer Georges Bizet from the 19th century. When the album Survivor was released in May 2001, Luckett and Roberson filed a lawsuit claiming that the songs addressed them. The album debuted at the first place on the Billboard 200 chart in the United States, with first-week sales of 663,000 copies sold. The album produced other number-one hits, "Bootylicious" and the title "Survivor," which earned the group a Grammy Award for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals. After the release of their Christmas album 8 Days of Christmas in October 2001, the group announced a hiatus to pursue solo careers.', 0.9784326, 1)
('A solar chimney (or thermal chimney, in this context) is a passive solar ventilation system composed of a vertical shaft connecting the interior and exterior of a building. As the chimney warms, the air inside is heated causing an updraft that pulls air through the building. Performance can be improved by using glazing and thermal mass materials in a way that mimics greenhouses.', ' A solar pipe (or thermal chimney) is a passive solar ventilation system made up of a vertical flue connecting the interior and exterior of a building. As the chimney heats up, the interior gets warmer, causing an upward draft that draws air into the building. The performance can be enhanced by using glass and thermal mass materials, similar to a greenhouse.', 0.9784614, 1)
("Despite the calamity and huge death toll, Lisbon suffered no epidemics and within less than one year was already being rebuilt. The new city centre of Lisbon was designed to resist subsequent earthquakes. Architectural models were built for tests, and the effects of an earthquake were simulated by marching troops around the models. The buildings and big squares of the Pombaline City Centre still remain as one of Lisbon's tourist attractions. Sebastião de Melo also made an important contribution to the study of seismology by designing an inquiry that was sent to every parish in the country.", ' Despite the disaster and large number of deaths, Lisbon had experienced no epidemic and was already being rebuilt less than a year later. The new city center of Lisbon was designed to withstand future earthquakes. Architectural models were built for testing, and the effects of an earthquake were simulated by making troops march around the models. The buildings and large squares of the Pombaline Center of Lisbon still remain as a tourist attraction. Sebastião de Melo also made an important contribution to seismology by creating an investigation that was sent to each parish in the country.', 0.9784657, 1)
('Geography effects solar energy potential because areas that are closer to the equator have a greater amount of solar radiation. However, the use of photovoltaics that can follow the position of the sun can significantly increase the solar energy potential in areas that are farther from the equator. Time variation effects the potential of solar energy because during the nighttime there is little solar radiation on the surface of the Earth for solar panels to absorb. This limits the amount of energy that solar panels can absorb in one day. Cloud cover can effect the potential of solar panels because clouds block incoming light from the sun and reduce the light available for solar cells.', " Geographers influence solar energy potential as regions closer to the equator have a larger amount of solar radiation. However, the use of photovoltaic panels capable of tracking the sun's position can significantly increase solar energy potential in regions further from the equator. The limitation of time reduces solar energy potential as during the night, there is little solar radiation available on Earth's surface for solar panels to absorb. This limits the energy solar panels can absorb in a day. Cloud cover can influence solar panel potential as clouds block incoming sunlight and reduce the light available for solar cells.", 0.97846615, 1)
('Friederike Müller, a pupil of Chopin, wrote: "[His] playing was always noble and beautiful; his tones sang, whether in full forte or softest piano. He took infinite pains to teach his pupils this legato, cantabile style of playing. His most severe criticism was \'He—or she—does not know how to join two notes together.\' He also demanded the strictest adherence to rhythm. He hated all lingering and dragging, misplaced rubatos, as well as exaggerated ritardandos ... and it is precisely in this respect that people make such terrible errors in playing his works."', 'Friederique Muller, Chopin\'s pupil, wrote: "His play was always noble and beautiful; his tones sang, no matter the strength of the attack or the softest pianissimo. He took infinite care to teach this legato, cantabile style of playing to his students. His most severe criticism was "It cannot join two notes together." He demanded strict adherence to the rhythm. He hated all unjustified slowdowns, misplaced rubatos, and excessive ritardandos ... and it is precisely in this domain that people commit such terrible errors when playing his works."', 0.9784738, 1)
('Portugal operates a multi-party system of competitive legislatures/local administrative governments at the national-, regional- and local-levels. The Assembly of the Republic, Regional Assemblies and local municipalities and parishes, are dominated by two political parties, the Socialist Party and the Social Democratic Party, in addition to the Unitary Democratic Coalition (Portuguese Communist Party and Ecologist Party "The Greens"), the Left Bloc and the Democratic and Social Centre – People\'s Party, which garner between 5 and 15% of the vote regularly.', " Portugal manages a multi-party political system of national-, regional- and local legislative and administrative governments. The Assembly of the Republic, regional assemblies, and local municipalities and parishes are dominated by two political parties, the Socialist Party and the Social-Democratic Party, in addition to the Democratic Unitarian Coalition (Portuguese Communist Party and The Greens), The Left and the Democratic and Social Centre – People's Party. These parties regularly receive between 5 and 15% of the votes.", 0.978507, 1)
("In 2009 Tajikistan had 26 airports, 18 of which had paved runways, of which two had runways longer than 3,000 meters. The country's main airport is Dushanbe International Airport which as of April 2015, had regularly scheduled flights to major cities in Russia, Central Asia, as well as Delhi, Dubai, Frankfurt, Istanbul, Kabul, Tehran, and Ürümqi amongst others. There are also international flights, mainly to Russia, from Khujand Airport in the northern part of the country as well as limited international services from Kulob Airport, and Qurghonteppa International Airport. Khorog Airport is a domestic airport and also the only airport in the sparsely populated eastern half of the country.", ' In 2009, Tajikistan had 26 airports, 18 of which had concrete runways, with two of these having runways longer than 3,000 meters. The most important international airport in the country was Dushanbe International Airport, which, from April 2015, offered scheduled flights to major Russian cities, Central Asia, Delhi, Dubai, Frankfurt, Istanbul, Kabul, Tehran, and Ürümqi among others. There were also international flights, primarily to Russia, from Khujand Airport in the northern part of the country, as well as limited international service from Kulob Airport and Qurghonteppa International Airport. Khorog Airport was a domestic airport and the only one in the sparsely populated eastern part of the country.', 0.9785296, 1)
('Wylie asserts that this type of censorship of the History of Ming distorts the true picture of the history of Sino-Tibetan relations, while the Ming court granted titles to various lamas regardless of their sectarian affiliations in an ongoing civil war in Tibet between competing Buddhist factions. Wylie argues that Ming titles of "King" granted indiscriminately to various Tibetan lamas or even their disciples should not be viewed as reappointments to earlier Yuan dynasty offices, since the viceregal Sakya regime established by the Mongols in Tibet was overthrown by the Phagmodru myriarchy before the Ming existed.', ' Wylie asserts that this type of censorship of Ming History distorts the true image of Sino-Tibetan relations, as the Ming court granted titles to various Tibetan lamas indiscriminately, regardless of their sectarian affiliation, during a civil war in Tibet between competing Buddhist factions. Wylie disputes that the titles given indiscriminately to Tibetan lamas or even to their disciples by the Ming court should be viewed as reappointments to the old offices of the Yuan Dynasty. The vassal regime of Sakyas established by the Mongols in Tibet had been overthrown by the Phagmodru Myriarchy before the existence of the Ming.', 0.97859144, 1)
('Songbirds and their associated symbolism appear throughout the novel. The family\'s last name of Finch also shares Lee\'s mother\'s maiden name. The titular mockingbird is a key motif of this theme, which first appears when Atticus, having given his children air-rifles for Christmas, allows their Uncle Jack to teach them to shoot. Atticus warns them that, although they can "shoot all the bluejays they want", they must remember that "it\'s a sin to kill a mockingbird". Confused, Scout approaches her neighbor Miss Maudie, who explains that mockingbirds never harm other living creatures. She points out that mockingbirds simply provide pleasure with their songs, saying, "They don\'t do one thing but sing their hearts out for us." Writer Edwin Bruell summarized the symbolism when he wrote in 1964, "\'To kill a mockingbird\' is to kill that which is innocent and harmless—like Tom Robinson." Scholars have noted that Lee often returns to the mockingbird theme when trying to make a moral point.', 'The singing birds and their symbolism appear throughout the novel. The surname of the family, Finch, shares the name of the young girl of Lee\'s mother. The mockingbird referred to is a key theme of this subject, which first appears when Atticus, having given compressed air rifles as Christmas gifts to his children, lets Uncle Jack teach them to hunt. Atticus warns them they can "kill all the bluejays they want," but he reminds them that "it\'s a sin to kill a mockingbird." Confused, Scout goes to her neighbor Maudie, who explains that mockingbirds do no harm to living creatures. She points to them, saying, "They only sing to make our ears happy." The writer Edwin Bruell summarized the symbolism in 1964 by writing, "To kill a mockingbird is to kill what is innocent and harmless: like Tom Robinson." Researchers have noted that Lee frequently returns to the theme of the mockingbird when trying to make a moral point.Translation:The singing birds and their symbolism run throughout the novel. The Finch family name shares the name of Lee\'s mother\'s maiden name. The mockingbird is a significant theme in this context, first introduced when Atticus, having given compressed air rifles as Christmas presents to his children, allows Uncle Jack to teach them to hunt. Atticus advises them they can "shoot all the bluejays they want," but he reminds them that "it\'s a sin to shoot a mockingbird." Perplexed, Scout approaches her neighbor Maudie, who explains that mockingbirds cause no harm to living beings. She gestures towards them, saying, "They only sing to make our ears happy." In 1964, writer Edwin Bruell encapsulated the symbolism by writing, "To shoot a mockingbird is to shoot what is innocent and blameless: like Tom Robinson." Scholars have observed that Lee frequently revisits the theme of the mockingbird when conveying a moral message.', 0.97860956, 1)
('The International Organization for Standardization has established a number of standards relating to solar energy equipment. For example, ISO 9050 relates to glass in building while ISO 10217 relates to the materials used in solar water heaters.', ' The International Organization for Standardization has established a certain number of standards related to solar energy. For instance, ISO 9050 deals with glass in construction, and ISO 10217 covers materials used in water heating solar collectors.', 0.97867715, 1)
('After annexing the County of Portugal into one of the several counties that made up the Kingdom of Asturias, King Alfonso III of Asturias knighted Vimara Peres, in 868 AD, as the First Count of Portus Cale (Portugal). The region became known as Portucale, Portugale, and simultaneously Portugália — the County of Portugal. Later the Kingdom of Asturias was divided into a number of Christian Kingdoms in Northern Spain due to dynastic divisions of inheritance among the kings offspring. With the forced abdication of Alfonso III "the Great" of Asturias by his sons in 910, the Kingdom of Asturias split into three separate kingdoms of León, Galicia and Asturias. The three kingdoms were eventually reunited in 924 (León and Galicia in 914, Asturias later) under the crown of León.', ' After the annexation of the County of Portugal in one of the several counties that composed the Kingdom of Asturias, Alfonso III, king of Asturias, knighted Vimara Peres as the first count of Portucale (Portugal) in 868. The region became known as Portucale, Portugale, and simultaneously Portugália — the County of Portugal. Later, the Kingdom of Asturias was divided into a series of Christian northern Spanish kingdoms due to dynastic inheritance disputes among the sons of the kings. With the forced deposition of Alfonso III "the Great" of Asturias by his sons in 910, the Kingdom of Asturias split into three separate kingdoms of León, Galice, and Asturias. The three kingdoms were reunited under the León crown in 924 (León and Galice in 914, Asturias later).', 0.9786821, 1)
('Special bundles of the game contain a Wolf Link Amiibo figurine, which unlocks a Wii U-exclusive dungeon called the "Cave of Shadows" and can carry data over to the upcoming 2016 Zelda game. Other Zelda-related Amiibo figurines have distinct functions: Link and Toon Link replenish arrows, Zelda and Sheik restore Link\'s health, and Ganondorf causes Link to take twice as much damage.', ' The special game packages include a Wolf Link Amiibo figurine, which unlocks an exclusive Wii U dungeon named the "Shadow Temple" and can transfer data to the next 2016 Zelda game. Other Link-related Amiibo figures have unique functions: Link and Toon Link reload arrows, Zelda and Sheik restore Link\'s health, and Ganondorf causes Link to take double the damage.', 0.97883564, 0)
('A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr. Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma. Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities. LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1.2 million. Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within. The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains.', ' A science building was constructed in 1883 under the supervision of P. Zahm, but in 1950, it was transformed into a student union building and named LaFortune Center, in honor of Joseph LaFortune, a Tulsa, Oklahoma petroleum executive. Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a four-story building of 83,000 square feet, providing the Notre-Dame community with a place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities. LaFortune employs 35 part-time student workers and 29 full-time non-student workers, and has an annual budget of 1.2 million dollars. Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are located there. The building also houses national restaurant chains.', 0.97889644, 1)
("Under New York State's gradual abolition act of 1799, children of slave mothers were born to be eventually liberated but were held in indentured servitude until their mid-to-late twenties. Together with slaves freed by their masters after the Revolutionary War and escaped slaves, a significant free-black population gradually developed in Manhattan. Under such influential United States founders as Alexander Hamilton and John Jay, the New York Manumission Society worked for abolition and established the African Free School to educate black children. It was not until 1827 that slavery was completely abolished in the state, and free blacks struggled afterward with discrimination. New York interracial abolitionist activism continued; among its leaders were graduates of the African Free School. The city's black population reached more than 16,000 in 1840.", " Under the gradual abolition of New York State's slavery law of 1799, children of enslaved mothers were still intended to be freed but were kept in apprenticeship until they reached their mid-twenties. Alongside freed slaves and runaways, a significant black population developed in Manhattan. Influenced by American founders such as Alexander Hamilton and John Jay, the New York Society for the Suppression of Slavery worked for abolition and established the School for Free Black Children to educate black children. It was not until 1827 that the slave trade was completely abolished in the State, and blacks fought against discrimination afterwards. Interracial New York abolitionist activism continued; among its leaders were graduates of the School for Free Black Children. The black population of the city reached over 16,000 people in 1840.", 0.9789021, 0)
('In the China Digital Times an article reports a close analysis by an alleged Chinese construction engineer known online as “Book Blade” (书剑子), who stated:', ' In the China Digital Times, an article reports a detailed analysis conducted by a supposed Chinese construction engineer known online as "Book Blade" (书剑子), who stated:', 0.9789052, 1)
('Kolmaš writes that, as the Mongol presence in Tibet increased, culminating in the conquest of Tibet by a Mongol leader in 1642, the Ming emperors "viewed with apparent unconcern these developments in Tibet." He adds that the Ming court\'s lack of concern for Tibet was one of the reasons why the Mongols pounced on the chance to reclaim their old vassal of Tibet and "fill once more the political vacuum in that country." On the mass Mongol conversion to Tibetan Buddhism under Altan Khan, Laird writes that "the Chinese watched these developments with interest, though few Chinese ever became devout Tibetan Buddhists."', ' Kolmas writes that, with the Mongol presence in Tibet leading to Tibet\'s conquest by a Mongol chief in 1642, the Ming emperors "apparently paid no heed to these developments in Tibet." He adds that the Ming courts\' scant concern for Tibet was one of the reasons why the Mongols seized the opportunity to reclaim their former vassal in Tibet and "fill the political vacuum of that country once more." Regarding the mass conversion of Mongols to Tibetan Buddhism under Altan Khan, Laird writes that "the Chinese observed these developments with interest, but few Chinese became devoted Tibetan Buddhist followers."', 0.97890604, 1)
('The two mature piano sonatas (No. 2, Op. 35, written in 1839 and No. 3, Op. 58, written in 1844) are in four movements. In Op. 35, Chopin was able to combine within a formal large musical structure many elements of his virtuosic piano technique—"a kind of dialogue between the public pianism of the brilliant style and the German sonata principle". The last movement, a brief (75-bar) perpetuum mobile in which the hands play in unmodified octave unison throughout, was found shocking and unmusical by contemporaries, including Schumann. The Op. 58 sonata is closer to the German tradition, including many passages of complex counterpoint, "worthy of Brahms" according to the music historians Kornel Michałowski and Jim Samson.', ' The two mature piano sonatas (No. 2, Op. 35, written in 1839 and No. 3, Op. 58, written in 1844) consist of four movements. In Op. 35, Chopin was able to combine in a large musical formal structure numerous elements of his pianistic technique—"a kind of dialogue between public brilliant pianism and the German sonata principle"-. The last movement, a perpetual short movement (75 measures) in which the hands play in unison octave throughout, was found shocking and imp musical by contemporaries, including Schumann. The sonata Op. 58 is closer to the German tradition, containing many complex counterpoint passages, "worthy of Brahms" according to music historians Kornel Michałowski and Jim Samson.', 0.97898895, 1)
("Scientific and technological research activities in Portugal are mainly conducted within a network of R&D units belonging to public universities and state-managed autonomous research institutions like the INETI – Instituto Nacional de Engenharia, Tecnologia e Inovação and the INRB – Instituto Nacional dos Recursos Biológicos. The funding and management of this research system is mainly conducted under the authority of the Ministry of Science, Technology and Higher Education (MCTES) itself and the MCTES's Fundação para a Ciência e Tecnologia (FCT). The largest R&D units of the public universities by volume of research grants and peer-reviewed publications, include biosciences research institutions like the Instituto de Medicina Molecular, the Centre for Neuroscience and Cell Biology, the IPATIMUP, the Instituto de Biologia Molecular e Celular and the Abel Salazar Biomedical Sciences Institute.", ' Scientific and technological research in Portugal mainly takes place in a network of research units belonging to public universities and state-run research institutions such as INETI – Instituto Nacional de Engenharia, Tecnologia e Inovação and INRB – Instituto Nacional dos Recursos Biológicos. The funding and management of this research system are primarily overseen by the Ministry of Science, Technology and Higher Education (MCTES) and the FCT – Fundação para a Ciência e Tecnologia of MCTES. The largest research units of public universities, in terms of research grants and peer-reviewed publications, include research institutions in the field of biological sciences such as Instituto de Medicina Molecular, Centre de Neurosciences et de Biologie Cellulaire, IPATIMUP, Instituto de Biologia Molecular e Celular and Instituto Abel Salazar de Ciências Biomédicas.', 0.9790286, 1)
('Antibiotics revolutionized medicine in the 20th century, and have together with vaccination led to the near eradication of diseases such as tuberculosis in the developed world. Their effectiveness and easy access led to overuse, especially in livestock raising, prompting bacteria to develop resistance. This has led to widespread problems with antimicrobial and antibiotic resistance, so much as to prompt the World Health Organization to classify antimicrobial resistance as a "serious threat [that] is no longer a prediction for the future, it is happening right now in every region of the world and has the potential to affect anyone, of any age, in any country".', ' Antibiotics revolutionized medicine in the 20th century and, in collaboration with vaccination, nearly eliminated diseases such as tuberculosis in the developed world. Their effectiveness and ease of access have led to overuse, particularly in livestock farming, resulting in widespread problems of antibiotic resistance and antimicrobial resistance. This issue has been classified by the World Health Organization as a "grave threat [that] is no longer a prediction for the future, it is a current reality in every region of the world and has the potential to affect anyone of any age, in any country".', 0.9790581, 1)
("In a press conference held by the State Council Information Office the day after the earthquake, geologist Zhang Xiaodong, deputy director of CEA's Seismic Monitoring Network Center, restated that earthquake prediction was a global issue, in the sense that no proven methods exist, and that no prediction notification was received before the earthquake. Seismologist Gary Gibson of Monash University in Australia told Deutsche Presse-Agentur that he also did not see anything that could be regarded as having 'predicted' the earthquake's occurrence.", " In a press conference held by the State Council Information Office the day after the earthquake, geologist Zhang Xiaodong, deputy director of China Earthquake Administration's Seismic Monitoring Network Center, emphasized that earthquake prediction was a global issue, meaning no proven methods exist, and no prediction notification was received prior to the earthquake. Seismologist Gary Gibson of Monash University in Australia expressed the same view to Deutsche Presse-Agentur, stating he did not observe anything that could be considered as having predicted the earthquake's occurrence. (Note: This is a machine translation and may contain errors. For an accurate translation, it is recommended to consult a professional translator.)", 0.9790791, 1)
("The character of New York's large residential districts is often defined by the elegant brownstone rowhouses and townhouses and shabby tenements that were built during a period of rapid expansion from 1870 to 1930. In contrast, New York City also has neighborhoods that are less densely populated and feature free-standing dwellings. In neighborhoods such as Riverdale (in the Bronx), Ditmas Park (in Brooklyn), and Douglaston (in Queens), large single-family homes are common in various architectural styles such as Tudor Revival and Victorian.", " The character of New York's large residential districts is often defined by the magnificent rowhouses and townhouses made of brownstone, and by the rented buildings constructed during a rapid expansion period between 1870 and 1930. However, New York City also houses less densely populated neighborhoods where detached houses are common. In areas such as Riverdale (in the Bronx), Ditmas Park (in Brooklyn), and Douglaston (in Queens), large detached houses are frequent in architectural styles such as Tudor Revival and Victorian.", 0.9790794, 1)
('Malaysia-based Yazhou Zhoukan conducted an interview with former researcher at the China Seismological Bureau Geng Qingguo (耿庆国), in which Geng claimed that a confidential written report was sent to the State Seismological Bureau on April 30, 2008, warning about the possible occurrence of a significant earthquake in Ngawa Prefecture region of Sichuan around May 8, with a range of 10 days before or after the quake. Geng, while acknowledging that earthquake prediction was broadly considered problematic by the scientific community, believed that "the bigger the earthquake, the easier it is to predict." Geng had long attempted to establish a correlation between the occurrence of droughts and earthquakes; Premier Zhou Enlai reportedly took an interest in Geng\'s work. Geng\'s drought-earthquake correlation theory was first released in 1972, and said to have successfully predicted the 1975 Haicheng and 1976 Tangshan earthquakes. The same Yazhou Zhoukan article pointed out the inherent difficulties associated with predicting earthquakes. In response, an official with the Seismological Bureau stated that "earthquake prediction is widely acknowledged around the world to be difficult from a scientific standpoint." The official also denied that the Seismological Bureau had received reports predicting the earthquake.', ' Malaysia-based Yazhou Zhoukan conducted an interview with former researcher at China\'s Seismological Bureau Geng Qingguo. He revealed that a confidential report was sent to the State Seismological Bureau on April 30, 2008, warning of a potential significant earthquake in Ngawa Prefecture\'s Sichuan region around May 8, with a ten-day window before or after the earthquake. Geng, acknowledging that seismic prediction was considered problematic by the scientific community, believed "the bigger the earthquake, the easier it is to predict." Geng had long tried to establish a correlation between droughts and earthquakes; Premier Zhou Enlai was reportedly aware of his work. Geng\'s correlation theory between droughts and earthquakes was first published in 1972 and successfully predicted the Haicheng and Tangshan earthquakes in 1975 and 1976, respectively. The same Yazhou Zhoukan article highlighted the inherent challenges in predicting earthquakes. In response, a bureau official declared "earthquake prediction is recognized internationally as difficult from a scientific perspective." The official also denied receiving earthquake prediction reports.', 0.97908056, 1)
('The only attempt at a peaceful solution to the war took place at the Conference House on Staten Island between American delegates, including Benjamin Franklin, and British general Lord Howe on September 11, 1776. Shortly after the British occupation began, the Great Fire of New York occurred, a large conflagration on the West Side of Lower Manhattan, which destroyed about a quarter of the buildings in the city, including Trinity Church.', 'Only a peaceful attempt to resolve the war took place at the Conference House on Staten Island between American delegates, including Benjamin Franklin, and the British general Lord Howe on September 11, 1776. Shortly after the British occupation, a great fire broke out in New York, a large fire on the western side of lower Manhattan, which destroyed approximately a quarter of the buildings in the city, including Trinity Church.', 0.9791385, 1)
("In 1348 and 1349 Portugal, like the rest of Europe, was devastated by the Black Death. In 1373, Portugal made an alliance with England, which is the longest-standing alliance in the world. This alliance served both nations' interests throughout history and is regarded by many as the predecessor to NATO. Over time this went way beyond geo-political and military cooperation (protecting both nations' interests in Africa, the Americas and Asia against French, Spanish and Dutch rivals) and maintained strong trade and cultural ties between the two old European allies. Particularly in the Oporto region, there is visible English influence to this day.", ' [In 1348 and 1349, Portugal, like the rest of Europe, was hit by the Black Death. In 1373, Portugal concluded an alliance with England, which is the oldest alliance in the world. This alliance served the interests of both countries throughout history and is considered by many to be the predecessor to NATO. Over time, it went beyond simple geo-political and military cooperation (protecting the interests of both countries in Africa, the Americas and Asia against French, Spanish and Dutch rivals) and maintained strong commercial and cultural ties between the two old European allies. In the Oporto region, there is visible English influence to this day.]', 0.97917324, 1)
("Florey and Chain succeeded in purifying the first penicillin, penicillin G, in 1942, but it did not become widely available outside the Allied military before 1945. Later, Norman Heatley developed the back extraction technique for efficiently purifying penicillin in bulk. The chemical structure of penicillin was determined by Dorothy Crowfoot Hodgkin in 1945. Purified penicillin displayed potent antibacterial activity against a wide range of bacteria and had low toxicity in humans. Furthermore, its activity was not inhibited by biological constituents such as pus, unlike the synthetic sulfonamides. The discovery of such a powerful antibiotic was unprecedented, and the development of penicillin led to renewed interest in the search for antibiotic compounds with similar efficacy and safety. For their successful development of penicillin, which Fleming had accidentally discovered but could not develop himself, as a therapeutic drug, Ernst Chain and Howard Florey shared the 1945 Nobel Prize in Medicine with Fleming. Florey credited Dubos with pioneering the approach of deliberately and systematically searching for antibacterial compounds, which had led to the discovery of gramicidin and had revived Florey's research in penicillin.", " Florey and Chain successfully purified the first penicillin, penicillin G, in 1942, but it wasn't widely available outside of allied military forces before 1945. Later, Norman Heatley developed an effective method for large-scale penicillin purification through back extraction. The chemical structure of penicillin was determined by Dorothy Crowfoot Hodgkin in 1945. Purified penicillin showed powerful antibacterial activity against a broad range of bacteria and low human toxicity. Moreover, its activity was not inhibited by biological constituents such as pus, unlike synthetic sulfonamides. The discovery of such a powerful antibiotic was unprecedented, and the development of penicillin renewed interest in the search for similar antibacterial compounds in terms of effectiveness and safety. For their success in developing penicillin as a therapeutic drug, Ernst Chain and Howard Florey shared the 1945 Nobel Prize in Medicine with Fleming. Florey credited Dubos for pioneering a deliberate and systematic approach to finding antibacterial compounds, which had led to the discovery of gramicidin and had revived Florey's research on penicillin.", 0.9792348, 1)
("Chopin's music was used in the 1909 ballet Chopiniana, choreographed by Michel Fokine and orchestrated by Alexander Glazunov. Sergei Diaghilev commissioned additional orchestrations—from Stravinsky, Anatoly Lyadov, Sergei Taneyev and Nikolai Tcherepnin—for later productions, which used the title Les Sylphides.", ' The music of Chopin was used in the 1909 ballet Chopiniana, choreographed by Michel Fokine and orchestrated by Alexander Glazunov. Sergei Diaghilev commissioned additional orchestrations – from Stravinsky, Anatoli Lyadov, Sergei Taneyev and Nikolai Tcherepnin – for later productions, which used the title Les Sylphides.Therefore, the translation is:The music of Chopin was used in the 1909 ballet Chopiniana, choreographed by Michel Fokine and orchestrated by Alexander Glazunov. Sergei Diaghilev commissioned additional orchestrations – from Stravinsky, Anatoli Lyadov, Sergei Taneyev and Nikolai Tcherepnin – for later productions, which used the title Les Sylphides.', 0.9792476, 1)
('Chen states that the fourth Dalai Lama Yonten Gyatso was granted the title "Master of Vajradhara" and an official seal by the Wanli Emperor in 1616. This was noted in the Biography of the Fourth Dalai Lama, which stated that one Soinam Lozui delivered the seal of the Emperor to the Dalai Lama. The Wanli Emperor had invited Yonten Gyatso to Beijing in 1616, but just like his predecessor he died before being able to make the journey.', ' Chen states that the Fourth Dalai Lama, Yonten Gyatso, received the title "Master of Vajradhara" and an official seal from the Wanli Emperor in 1616. This is documented in the Biography of the Fourth Dalai Lama, which notes that Soinam Lozui handed over the imperial seal to the Dalai Lama. The Wanli Emperor had invited Yonten Gyatso to Beijing in 1616, but, like his predecessor, he passed away before making the journey.', 0.97927755, 1)
('Following the earthquake, Joseph I gave his Prime Minister even more power, and Sebastião de Melo became a powerful, progressive dictator. As his power grew, his enemies increased in number, and bitter disputes with the high nobility became frequent. In 1758 Joseph I was wounded in an attempted assassination. The Távora family and the Duke of Aveiro were implicated and executed after a quick trial. The Jesuits were expelled from the country and their assets confiscated by the crown. Sebastião de Melo prosecuted every person involved, even women and children. This was the final stroke that broke the power of the aristocracy. Joseph I made his loyal minister Count of Oeiras in 1759.', " After the earthquake, Joseph I further strengthened the powers of his Prime Minister, Sebastião de Melo, who became a powerful progressive dictator. As his power grew, more enemies emerged, and bitter disputes with the high nobility became common. In 1758, during an assassination attempt, Joseph I was wounded. The Távora family and the Duke of Aveiro were implicated and executed following a swift trial. The Jesuits were expelled from the country, and their possessions were confiscated by the crown. Sebastião de Melo pursued every person involved, regardless of gender or age. This marked the end of the aristocracy's power. In 1759, Joseph I made his loyal minister, Count of Oeiras.", 0.9793261, 1)
("Some scholars note that Tibetan leaders during the Ming frequently engaged in civil war and conducted their own foreign diplomacy with neighboring states such as Nepal. Some scholars underscore the commercial aspect of the Ming-Tibetan relationship, noting the Ming dynasty's shortage of horses for warfare and thus the importance of the horse trade with Tibet. Others argue that the significant religious nature of the relationship of the Ming court with Tibetan lamas is underrepresented in modern scholarship. In hopes of reviving the unique relationship of the earlier Mongol leader Kublai Khan (r. 1260–1294) and his spiritual superior Drogön Chögyal Phagpa (1235–1280) of the Sakya school of Tibetan Buddhism, the Yongle Emperor (r. 1402–1424) made a concerted effort to build a secular and religious alliance with Deshin Shekpa (1384–1415), the Karmapa of the Karma Kagyu school. However, the Yongle Emperor's attempts were unsuccessful.", "Certain researchers note that Tibetan chieftains during the Ming Dynasty frequently engaged in civil wars and managed their own external diplomacy with neighboring states such as Nepal. Some highlight the commercial aspect of the Ming-Tibetan relationship, emphasizing the limited availability of war horses in the Ming Dynasty and thus the importance of the horse trade with Tibet. Others stress the religiously significant aspect of the Ming Court's relationship with Tibetan lamas, which is underrepresented in modern research. In the hope of reviving the unique relationship between the Mongol leader preceding Kublai Khan (r. 1260–1294) and his spiritual superior Drogön Chögyal Phagpa (1235–1280) from the Sakya school of Tibetan Buddhism, Emperor Yongle (r. 1402–1424) made determined efforts to establish a secular and religious alliance with Deshin Shekpa (1384–1415), the Karma Kagyu of the Karma Kagyu lineage. However, Emperor Yongle's attempts were unsuccessful.", 0.9793636, 1)
("Industry is diversified, ranging from automotive (Volkswagen Autoeuropa and Peugeot Citroen), aerospace (Embraer and OGMA), electronics and textiles, to food, chemicals, cement and wood pulp. Volkswagen Group's AutoEuropa motor vehicle assembly plant in Palmela is among the largest foreign direct investment projects in Portugal. Modern non-traditional technology-based industries, such as aerospace, biotechnology and information technology, have been developed in several locations across the country. Alverca, Covilhã, Évora, and Ponte de Sor are the main centres of the Portuguese aerospace industry, which is led by Brazil-based company Embraer and the Portuguese company OGMA. Following the turn of the 21st century, many major biotechnology and information technology industries have been founded, and are concentrated in the metropolitan areas of Lisbon, Porto, Braga, Coimbra and Aveiro.[citation needed]", ' The industry is diverse, ranging from the automobile sector (Volkswagen Autoeuropa and PSA Peugeot Citroën), aerospace (Embraer and OGMA), electronics and textile, to food, chemicals, cement and wood pulp. The Volkswagen Group AutoEuropa assembly plant in Palmela is one of the most important foreign direct investment projects in Portugal. Modern non-traditional industries, such as aerospace, biotechnology and information technology, have been developed in several parts of the country. Alverca, Covilhã, Évora and Ponte de Sor are the main aerospace industry centers in Portugal, which is led by the Brazilian company Embraer and the Portuguese company OGMA. At the turn of the 21st century, many leading biotechnological and technological companies were founded and concentrated in the metropolitan areas of Lisbon, Porto, Braga, Coimbra and Aveiro.[citation needed]', 0.97937584, 1)
('The state song was not composed until 21 years after statehood, when a musical troupe led by Joseph E. Howard stopped in Butte in September 1910. A former member of the troupe who lived in Butte buttonholed Howard at an after-show party, asking him to compose a song about Montana and got another partygoer, the city editor for the Butte Miner newspaper, Charles C. Cohan, to help. The two men worked up a basic melody and lyrics in about a half-hour for the entertainment of party guests, then finished the song later that evening, with an arrangement worked up the following day. Upon arriving in Helena, Howard\'s troupe performed 12 encores of the new song to an enthusiastic audience and the governor proclaimed it the state song on the spot, though formal legislative recognition did not occur until 1945. Montana is one of only three states to have a "state ballad", "Montana Melody", chosen by the legislature in 1983. Montana was the first state to also adopt a State Lullaby.', ' The song "state anthem" was composed after 21 years of statehood, in September 1910, when Joseph E. Howard\'s musical troupe stopped in Butte. An ex-member of the troupe living in Butte approached Howard at a post-performance party, asking him to write a song about Montana and obtained the assistance of another guest, the editor-in-chief of the Butte Miner, Charles C. Cohan. The two men worked on a melody and basic lyrics for about half an hour to entertain the guests, and finished the song later that evening with an arrangement completed the next day. Upon arriving in Helena, Howard\'s troupe gave 12 more performances of the new song to an enthusiastic audience, and the governor proclaimed it the state anthem on the spot, although formal legislative recognition did not occur until 1945. Montana is one of three States to have a "state ballad," "Montana Melody," chosen by the legislature in 1983. Montana was the first State to also adopt a "State Lullaby."', 0.9793841, 1)
('Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character. Atop the Main Building\'s gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary. Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes". Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart. Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection. It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858. At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary.', 'In architecture, the school has a Catholic character. On the golden dome of the main building is placed a golden statue of the Virgin Mary. In front of the main building and facing it, there is a copper statue of Christ with raised arms, bearing the inscription "Come to Me, All". Next to the main building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart. Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a place of Marian prayer and reflection. It is a replica of the grotto of Lourdes, in France, where the Virgin Mary is said to have appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858. At the end of the main alley (and in a straight line passing by 3 statues and the golden dome), there is a simple and modern stone statue of Mary.', 0.9794097, 1)
('While the Ming dynasty traded horses with Tibet, it upheld a policy of outlawing border markets in the north, which Laird sees as an effort to punish the Mongols for their raids and to "drive them from the frontiers of China." However, after Altan Khan (1507–1582)—leader of the Tümed Mongols who overthrew the Oirat Mongol confederation\'s hegemony over the steppes—made peace with the Ming dynasty in 1571, he persuaded the Ming to reopen their border markets in 1573. This provided the Chinese with a new supply of horses that the Mongols had in excess; it was also a relief to the Ming, since they were unable to stop the Mongols from periodic raiding. Laird says that despite the fact that later Mongols believed Altan forced the Ming to view him as an equal, Chinese historians argue that he was simply a loyal Chinese citizen. By 1578, Altan Khan formed a formidable Mongol-Tibetan alliance with the Gelug that the Ming viewed from afar without intervention.', ' When the Ming dynasty exchanged horses with Tibet, it applied a policy of border market prohibition to the north, which Laird sees as an attempt to punish the Mongols for their raids and to "drive them from the Chinese borders." However, after Altan Khan (1507–1582) – leader of the Tümed Mongols who overthrew the hegemony of the Oirat Mongol confederations on the plains – made peace with the Ming dynasty in 1571, he managed to reopen the Chinese-controlled border markets in 1573. This provided the Chinese with a new source of horses that the Mongols had in excess; it was also a relief for the Chinese, as they were unable to prevent the Mongols from making periodic raids. Laird asserts that despite the fact that later Mongols believed that Altan had forced the Chinese to consider him as an equal, Chinese historians argue that he was simply a loyal Chinese citizen. According to Laird, by 1578, Altan Khan had formed a powerful alliance between the Mongols and Tibet with the Gelug, which the Chinese observed from a distance without intervention.', 0.9794543, 1)
('A CD containing 20 musical selections from the game was available as a GameStop preorder bonus in the United States; it is included in all bundles in Japan, Europe, and Australia.[citation needed]', ' A CD with 20 musical selections from the game was available as a preorder bonus at GameStop in the United States; it is included in all bundles in Japan, Europe, and Australia. [citation needed].Translation: A CD containing twenty musical selections from the game was an extra for pre-orders at GameStop in the United States; it is included in all packages in Japan, Europe, and Australia [citation needed].', 0.97945756, 1)
('Absent mothers and abusive fathers are another theme in the novel. Scout and Jem\'s mother died before Scout could remember her, Mayella\'s mother is dead, and Mrs. Radley is silent about Boo\'s confinement to the house. Apart from Atticus, the fathers described are abusers. Bob Ewell, it is hinted, molested his daughter, and Mr. Radley imprisons his son in his house until Boo is remembered only as a phantom. Bob Ewell and Mr. Radley represent a form of masculinity that Atticus does not, and the novel suggests that such men as well as the traditionally feminine hypocrites at the Missionary Society can lead society astray. Atticus stands apart as a unique model of masculinity; as one scholar explains: "It is the job of real men who embody the traditional masculine qualities of heroic individualism, bravery, and an unshrinking knowledge of and dedication to social justice and morality, to set the society straight."', 'Absent mothers and abusive fathers are a recurring theme in the novel. Scout and Jem lost their mother before Scout could remember her, Mayella\'s mother is deceased, and Mrs. Radley is silent about Boo\'s confinement in her house. Apart from Atticus, the fathers described are abusers. It is hinted that Bob Ewell mistreated his daughter, and Mr. Radley locks his son in his house until he becomes a mere memorial ghost. Bob Ewell and Mr. Radley represent a form of masculinity that Atticus is not, and the novel suggests that men like them, as well as the traditionally hypocritical women of the Missionary Society, can mislead society. Atticus stands out as a unique model of masculinity; as one researcher explains: "It is the responsibility of real men who embody traditional masculine qualities such as individual heroism, courage, an irreducible and unyielding knowledge, and a social and moral devotion, to set society right."', 0.97946817, 1)
('Reporters in Chengdu said they saw cracks on walls of some residential buildings in the downtown areas, but no buildings collapsed. Many Beijing office towers were evacuated, including the building housing the media offices for the organizers of the 2008 Summer Olympics. None of the Olympic venues were damaged. Meanwhile, a cargo train carrying 13 petrol tanks derailed in Hui County, Gansu, and caught on fire after the rail was distorted.', ' The journalists in Chengdu have reported cracks on the walls of certain residential buildings in the central areas, but no building has fallen down. Several commercial buildings in Beijing have been evacuated, among them being the one housing the press offices of the organizers of the 2008 Olympics. No Olympic sites have been damaged. In parallel, a freight train carrying thirteen gasoline tanks derailed in Hui Xian, Gansu, and caught fire after the track was deformed. (Note: Hui Xian is the name of the county, Hui County is the name of the administrative unit)', 0.9795164, 1)
("The Portuguese government and army successfully resisted the decolonization of its overseas territories until April 1974, when a bloodless left-wing military coup in Lisbon, known as the Carnation Revolution, led the way for the independence of the overseas territories in Africa and Asia, as well as for the restoration of democracy after two years of a transitional period known as PREC (Processo Revolucionário Em Curso). This period was characterized by social turmoil and power disputes between left- and right-wing political forces. The retreat from the overseas territories and the acceptance of its independence terms by Portuguese head representatives for overseas negotiations, which would create independent states in 1975, prompted a mass exodus of Portuguese citizens from Portugal's African territories (mostly from Portuguese Angola and Mozambique).", ' The Portuguese government and army managed to resist decolonization of their overseas territories until April 1974, when a bloodless left-wing military coup in Lisbon, known as the 25th of April Revolution, opened the way for the independence of African and Asian overseas territories, as well as the restoration of democracy after a two-year transitional period called the PREC (Revolutionary Process in Progress). This period was marked by social unrest and power struggles between left and right political forces. The withdrawal of overseas territories and acceptance of independence terms by Portuguese representatives for the overseas negotiations led to the creation of independent states in 1975, resulting in a large exodus of Portuguese citizens from Portuguese African territories (mainly Angola and Mozambique).', 0.9795169, 1)
('New York City is situated in the Northeastern United States, in southeastern New York State, approximately halfway between Washington, D.C. and Boston. The location at the mouth of the Hudson River, which feeds into a naturally sheltered harbor and then into the Atlantic Ocean, has helped the city grow in significance as a trading port. Most of New York City is built on the three islands of Long Island, Manhattan, and Staten Island.', ' New York City is located in the Northeastern part of the United States, in the south-east of the state of New York, approximately midway between Washington, D.C. and Boston. The location at the end of the Hudson River, which flows into a naturally protected harbor and then into the Atlantic, helped the city grow in importance as a trading port. Most of New York City is built on the three islands of Long Island, Manhattan, and Staten Island.', 0.97953737, 1)
("With the Conference of Berlin of 1884, Portuguese Africa territories had their borders formally established on request of Portugal in order to protect the centuries-long Portuguese interests in the continent from rivalries enticed by the Scramble for Africa. Portuguese Africa's cities and towns like Nova Lisboa, Sá da Bandeira, Silva Porto, Malanje, Tete, Vila Junqueiro, Vila Pery and Vila Cabral were founded or redeveloped inland during this period and beyond. New coastal towns like Beira, Moçâmedes, Lobito, João Belo, Nacala and Porto Amélia were also founded. Even before the turn of the 20th century, railway tracks as the Benguela railway in Angola, and the Beira railway in Mozambique, started to be built to link coastal areas and selected inland regions.", ' With the Berlin Conference of 1884, Portuguese territories had their borders formally established at the request of Portugal, to protect Portuguese interests on the African continent for centuries from the desires provoked by the Scramble for Africa. Portuguese cities and towns such as Nova Lisboa, Sá da Bandeira, Silva Porto, Malanje, Tete, Vila Junqueiro and Vila Cabral were founded or redeveloped during this period and beyond. New coastal towns such as Beira, Moçâmedes, Lobito, João Belo, Nacala and Porto Amélia were also founded. Before the turn of the 20th century, railway tracks such as the Benguela railway in Angola and the Beira railway in Mozambique began to be built to link selected coastal and interior regions.', 0.9795822, 1)
('A permanent European presence in New Netherland began in 1624 – making New York the 12th oldest continuously occupied European-established settlement in the continental United States  – with the founding of a Dutch fur trading settlement on Governors Island. In 1625, construction was started on a citadel and a Fort Amsterdam on Manhattan Island, later called New Amsterdam (Nieuw Amsterdam). The colony of New Amsterdam was centered at the site which would eventually become Lower Manhattan. The Dutch colonial Director-General Peter Minuit purchased the island of Manhattan from the Canarsie, a small band of the Lenape, in 1626 for a value of 60 guilders (about $1000 in 2006); a disproved legend says that Manhattan was purchased for $24 worth of glass beads.', ' A European presence in New Netherland began in 1624, making New York the 12th oldest continuously occupied European-established settlement in the continental United States. This was marked by the founding of a Dutch fur trading settlement on Governors Island. In 1625, construction started on a citadel and Fort Amsterdam on Manhattan Island, later known as New Amsterdam (Nieuw Amsterdam). The Dutch colonial Director-General Peter Minuit purchased Manhattan Island from the Canarsie, a small Lenape band, in 1626 for 60 guilders (approximately $1000 in 2006). (Note: I have translated the text as closely as possible to the original English text, including keeping the same sentence structure and word order. However, I have made adjustments to ensure that the French translation flows naturally in the target language. For example, I have used the masculine form of "colonie" in French for "colony," and I have used the past participle of "centered" in the past tense to agree with the past tense of the rest of the sentence.)Translation: Une présence européenne à New Netherland a débuté en 1624, faisant de New York la 12e plus ancienne colonie européenne continuative sur le continent américain. Cela a été marqué par la fondation d\'un comptoir de fourrure néerlandais sur l\'île des Governeurs. En 1625, la construction a commencé d\'une citadelle et d\'un Fort Amsterdam sur l\'île de Manhattan, plus tard appelée New Amsterdam (Nieuw Amsterdam). Le directeur colonial néerlandais Peter Minuit a acheté l\'île de Manhattan aux Canarsee, une petite bande des Lenape, en 1626 pour 60 guldens (environ 1000 $ en 2006). (Note : Je ai traduit le texte le plus près possible de la version originelle anglaise, y compris la même structure et l\'ordre des phrases. Cependant, je l\'ai modifiée pour que la traduction française coule naturellement dans la langue cible. Par exemple, je suis passé par le masculin de "colonie" en français, car "colonie" est masculin, et j\'ai utilisé le participe passé de "centré" dans le passé pour s\'accorder avec le passé du reste de la phrase.)', 0.97970325, 1)
('At the time the store was introduced, purchased audio files used the AAC format with added encryption, based on the FairPlay DRM system. Up to five authorized computers and an unlimited number of iPods could play the files. Burning the files with iTunes as an audio CD, then re-importing would create music files without the DRM. The DRM could also be removed using third-party software. However, in a deal with Apple, EMI began selling DRM-free, higher-quality songs on the iTunes Stores, in a category called "iTunes Plus." While individual songs were made available at a cost of US$1.29, 30¢ more than the cost of a regular DRM song, entire albums were available for the same price, US$9.99, as DRM encoded albums. On October 17, 2007, Apple lowered the cost of individual iTunes Plus songs to US$0.99 per song, the same as DRM encoded tracks. On January 6, 2009, Apple announced that DRM has been removed from 80% of the music catalog, and that it would be removed from all music by April 2009.', ' When the store was introduced, purchased audio files used the AAC format with additional FairPlay DRM encryption from Apple. Up to five authorized computers and an unlimited number of iPods could play the files. By burning the files with iTunes as CD audio and then re-importing, one could create DRM-free music files. The DRM could also be removed using third-party software. However, in an agreement with EMI, Apple began selling DRM-free and high-quality songs on the iTunes Store, in a category called "iTunes Plus." Each song cost US$1.29, 30¢ more than a DRM-protected song, but entire albums cost the same, US$9.99, as DRM-encoded albums. On October 17, 2007, Apple lowered the price of each iTunes Plus song to US$0.99 per song, the same price as DRM-protected songs. On January 6, 2009, Apple announced that DRM had been removed from 80% of the music catalog, and it would be removed from all music by April 2009.', 0.9797379, 1)
('Tsai writes that shortly after the visit by Deshin Shekpa, the Yongle Emperor ordered the construction of a road and of trading posts in the upper reaches of the Yangzi and Mekong Rivers in order to facilitate trade with Tibet in tea, horses, and salt. The trade route passed through Sichuan and crossed Shangri-La County in Yunnan. Wang and Nyima assert that this "tribute-related trade" of the Ming exchanging Chinese tea for Tibetan horses—while granting Tibetan envoys and Tibetan merchants explicit permission to trade with Han Chinese merchants—"furthered the rule of the Ming dynasty court over Tibet". Rossabi and Sperling note that this trade in Tibetan horses for Chinese tea existed long before the Ming. Peter C. Perdue says that Wang Anshi (1021–1086), realizing that China could not produce enough militarily capable steeds, had also aimed to obtain horses from Inner Asia in exchange for Chinese tea. The Chinese needed horses not only for cavalry but also as draft animals for the army\'s supply wagons. The Tibetans required Chinese tea not only as a common beverage but also as a religious ceremonial supplement. The Ming government imposed a monopoly on tea production and attempted to regulate this trade with state-supervised markets, but these collapsed in 1449 due to military failures and internal ecological and commercial pressures on the tea-producing regions.', ' Tsai writes that after Deshin Shekpa\'s visit, Emperor Yongle ordered the construction of a route and commerce posts in the highlands of the Yangzi and Mekong rivers, to facilitate commerce with Tibet through tea, horses, and salt. The trade route passed through Sichuan and crossed Shangri-La county in Yunnan. Wang and Nyima claim that this "tribute trade" of the Ming, exchanging Chinese tea for Tibetan horses—granting explicit permission to Tibetan envoys and merchants to trade with Han Chinese merchants—"reinforced the sovereignty of the Ming court over Tibet." Rossabi and Sperling note that this Tibetan horse-for-Chinese-tea trade existed before the Ming. Peter C. Perdue indicates that Wang Anshi (1021–1086), realizing that China could not produce enough capable military horses, also aimed to obtain horses from Inner Asia in exchange for Chinese tea. The Chinese needed not only for cavalry but also as draft animals for army supply wagons. The Tibetans needed not only as a common beverage but also as a religious supplement. The Ming government imposed a monopoly on tea production and tried to regulate this trade with state-controlled markets, but they collapsed in 1449 due to military defeats and internal ecological and commercial pressures on tea-producing regions.', 0.97987247, 1)
('The New York area is home to a distinctive regional speech pattern called the New York dialect, alternatively known as Brooklynese or New Yorkese. It has generally been considered one of the most recognizable accents within American English. The classic version of this dialect is centered on middle and working-class people of European descent. However, the influx of non-European immigrants in recent decades has led to changes in this distinctive dialect, and the traditional form of this speech pattern is no longer as prevalent among general New Yorkers as in the past.', ' The New York region is the birthplace of a particular regional dialect called New York City English, also known as Brooklynese or New Yorkese. This dialect is generally considered one of the most recognizable in American English. The classic form of this dialect focuses on the European working and middle classes. However, the influx of recent non-European immigrants has led to changes in this distinct dialect, and the traditional form of this speech pattern is no longer as prevalent among New Yorkers of general origin as it was in the past.', 0.97991484, 1)
('Discussions of strategy in the mid Ming dynasty focused primarily on recovery of the Ordos region, which the Mongols used as a rallying base to stage raids into Ming China. Norbu states that the Ming dynasty, preoccupied with the Mongol threat to the north, could not spare additional armed forces to enforce or back up their claim of sovereignty over Tibet; instead, they relied on "Confucian instruments of tribute relations" of heaping unlimited number of titles and gifts on Tibetan lamas through acts of diplomacy. Sperling states that the delicate relationship between the Ming and Tibet was "the last time a united China had to deal with an independent Tibet," that there was a potential for armed conflict at their borders, and that the ultimate goal of Ming foreign policy with Tibet was not subjugation but "avoidance of any kind of Tibetan threat." P. Christiaan Klieger argues that the Ming court\'s patronage of high Tibetan lamas "was designed to help stabilize border regions and protect trade routes."', ' During the Ming dynasty, strategic discussions focused primarily on recovering the Ordos region, which the Mongols used as a base for raids into Eastern-Ming China. Norbu states that the Ming dynasty, preoccupied with the Mongol threat to the north, could not afford to send additional military forces to assert or support their claim to sovereignty over Tibet; instead, they relied on "Confucian instruments of tributary relations" by granting an unlimited number of titles and gifts to Tibetan lamas through diplomacy. Sperling states that the delicate relationship between China and Tibet was "the last time a unified China had to face an independent Tibet," that there was potential for armed conflicts at the borders, and that China\'s foreign policy towards Tibet aimed "to eliminate any sort of Tibetan threat." P. Christiaan Klieger argues that the patronage of high Tibetan lamas by the Ming courts was "designed to help stabilize frontier regions and protect commercial routes."', 0.9799552, 1)
("Since the work of Franz Boas and Bronisław Malinowski in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, social anthropology in Great Britain and cultural anthropology in the US have been distinguished from other social sciences by its emphasis on cross-cultural comparisons, long-term in-depth examination of context, and the importance it places on participant-observation or experiential immersion in the area of research. Cultural anthropology in particular has emphasized cultural relativism, holism, and the use of findings to frame cultural critiques. This has been particularly prominent in the United States, from Boas' arguments against 19th-century racial ideology, through Margaret Mead's advocacy for gender equality and sexual liberation, to current criticisms of post-colonial oppression and promotion of multiculturalism. Ethnography is one of its primary research designs as well as the text that is generated from anthropological fieldwork.", "Since the work of Franz Boas and Bronisław Malinowski at the end of the 19th and beginning of the 20th century, social anthropology in the UK and cultural anthropology in the United States have distinguished themselves from other social sciences through their focus on cross-cultural comparisons, in-depth and prolonged examination of context, and importance accorded to participatory observation or experiential immersion in the research area. Cultural anthropology in particular has emphasized cultural relativism, holism, and the use of discoveries to frame cultural critiques. This was particularly pronounced in the United States, from Boas' arguments against 19th century racial ideology, to Mead's advocacy for gender equality and sexual liberation, to current critiques of post-colonial oppression and the promotion of multiculturalism. Ethnography is one of its primary research methods, as well as the text generated from anthropological fieldwork.", 0.98008096, 1)
('According to a National Geographic article, the novel is so revered in Monroeville that people quote lines from it like Scripture; yet Harper Lee herself refused to attend any performances, because "she abhors anything that trades on the book\'s fame". To underscore this sentiment, Lee demanded that a book of recipes named Calpurnia\'s Cookbook not be published and sold out of the Monroe County Heritage Museum. David Lister in The Independent states that Lee\'s refusal to speak to reporters made them desire to interview her all the more, and her silence "makes Bob Dylan look like a media tart". Despite her discouragement, a rising number of tourists made to Monroeville a destination, hoping to see Lee\'s inspiration for the book, or Lee herself. Local residents call them "Mockingbird groupies", and although Lee was not reclusive, she refused publicity and interviews with an emphatic "Hell, no!"', ' According to a National Geographic article, the novel is so revered in Monroeville that people quote passages from it as if from the Holy Scripture; however, Harper Lee herself refused to participate in all the representations, as she "hates anything that exploits the fame of the book." To emphasize this attitude, Lee requested that a cookbook called Calpurnia\'s Cookbook, published by the Monroe County Heritage Museum, not be published and sold. According to David Lister in The Independent, Lee\'s refusal to speak to the press made her more intriguing, and her silence "makes Bob Dylan a media artist." Despite her determination, a growing number of tourists went to Monroeville, hoping to see the inspiration for Lee\'s book or Lee herself. The local residents called these tourists "groupies of Scout," and although Lee was not reclusive, she refused the advertisements and interviews with a firm "Hell, no!"', 0.9801222, 1)
("As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets. The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals. Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States. The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork. The Dome yearbook is published annually. The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College. Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University. In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published. Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production. Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students. Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut.", ' In most universities, students manage a certain number of student media. Among them are three student newspapers, a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals. The Scholastic magazine began in September 1876 in the form of a one-page journal and is published twice a month, considering itself the oldest and continuous student publication in the United States. The second magazine, The Juggler, is published twice a year and deals with student literature and art. The annual bulletin The Dome is published. The interests of the journals are varied, with The Observer published daily and focusing mainly on university news and other information, composed of students from Notre Dame and Saint Marys College. Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and has no administrative or editorial supervision from the University. In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer was showing a conservative bias, a liberal journal, Common Sense, was published. Similarly, in 2003, when other students believed that the journal showed a liberal bias, the conservative Irish Rover began to be produced. Neither of the two journals is published as frequently as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students. In the spring of 2008, a political studies journal, Beyond Politics, made its debut.', 0.9802109, 1)
("In 2006, the Sister City Program of the City of New York, Inc. was restructured and renamed New York City Global Partners. New York City has expanded its international outreach via this program to a network of cities worldwide, promoting the exchange of ideas and innovation between their citizenry and policymakers, according to the city's website. New York's historic sister cities are denoted below by the year they joined New York City's partnership network.", " In 2006, the Sister City Program of the City of New York, Inc. was restructured and renamed New York City Global Partners. New York City has expanded its international outreach through this program to a network of cities worldwide. The exchange of ideas and innovation between their citizenry and policymakers is promoted by the city, according to its website. New York's historic sister cities, indicated below, joined New York City's partnership network in the following years:- Barranquilla, Colombia (1957)- Bologna, Italy (1958)- Dakar, Senegal (1960)- Florence, Italy (1958)- Hakodate, Japan (1957)- Lille, France (1931)- Montreal, Canada (1892)- Moscow, Russia (1960)- Paris, France (1960)- Rostock, Germany (1989)- Shanghai, China (1985)- Sofia, Bulgaria (1962)- Tel Aviv, Israel (1965)- Toronto, Canada (1834)- Vienna, Austria (1850)- Warsaw, Poland (1916)- Yokohama, Japan (1859)", 0.98027176, 1)
('Political anthropology concerns the structure of political systems, looked at from the basis of the structure of societies. Political anthropology developed as a discipline concerned primarily with politics in stateless societies, a new development started from the 1960s, and is still unfolding: anthropologists started increasingly to study more "complex" social settings in which the presence of states, bureaucracies and markets entered both ethnographic accounts and analysis of local phenomena. The turn towards complex societies meant that political themes were taken up at two main levels. First of all, anthropologists continued to study political organization and political phenomena that lay outside the state-regulated sphere (as in patron-client relations or tribal political organization). Second of all, anthropologists slowly started to develop a disciplinary concern with states and their institutions (and of course on the relationship between formal and informal political institutions). An anthropology of the state developed, and it is a most thriving field today. Geertz\' comparative work on "Negara", the Balinese state is an early, famous example.', ' Political anthropology examines the structure of political systems, based on the structure of societies. Political anthropology emerged as a discipline focusing on politics in stateless societies, a development that began in the 1960s and continues today: anthropologists began to investigate more intricate social settings where the presence of states, bureaucracies, and markets became evident in both ethnographic reports and analysis of local phenomena. This shift towards complex societies led to political themes being addressed at two primary levels. Initially, anthropologists continued to explore political organization and political phenomena that existed beyond the state-regulated sphere (as in patron-client relations or tribal political organization). Subsequently, anthropologists started to develop a disciplinary interest in states and their institutions (and the relationship between formal and informal political institutions). An anthropology of the state emerged, and it is a flourishing field today. Geertz\'s comparative work on "Negara," the Balinese state, is an early, renowned example.', 0.98033774, 1)
('Deciduous trees and plants have been promoted as a means of controlling solar heating and cooling. When planted on the southern side of a building in the northern hemisphere or the northern side in the southern hemisphere, their leaves provide shade during the summer, while the bare limbs allow light to pass during the winter. Since bare, leafless trees shade 1/3 to 1/2 of incident solar radiation, there is a balance between the benefits of summer shading and the corresponding loss of winter heating. In climates with significant heating loads, deciduous trees should not be planted on the Equator facing side of a building because they will interfere with winter solar availability. They can, however, be used on the east and west sides to provide a degree of summer shading without appreciably affecting winter solar gain.', ' Trees and deciduous plants have been promoted as a method for controlling solar heat and cooling. When planted on the south side in the northern hemisphere or the north side in the southern hemisphere of a building, their leaves provide shade during summer, while their bare branches allow sunlight to pass through during winter. Since naked trees block 1/3 to 1/2 of the incident solar radiation, there is an equilibrium between the advantages of summer shade and the corresponding heating loss in winter. In climates with significant heating demands, deciduous trees should not be planted on the equatorial side of a building as they will interfere with the winter solar availability. However, they can be used on the east and west sides to provide some summer shade without significantly affecting the winter solar gain.', 0.98034066, 1)
('She has received co-writing credits for most of the songs recorded with Destiny\'s Child and her solo efforts. Her early songs were personally driven and female-empowerment themed compositions like "Independent Women" and "Survivor", but after the start of her relationship with Jay Z she transitioned to more man-tending anthems such as "Cater 2 U". Beyoncé has also received co-producing credits for most of the records in which she has been involved, especially during her solo efforts. However, she does not formulate beats herself, but typically comes up with melodies and ideas during production, sharing them with producers.', ' She obtained co-writing credits for most of the songs recorded with Destiny\'s Child and for her solo efforts. Her old songs were personal compositions with strong female themes such as "Independent Women" and "Survivor." However, after the beginning of her relationship with Jay Z, she turned to love anthems for men such as "Cater 2 U." Beyoncé also obtained co-producer credits for most of the recordings she was involved in, particularly during her solo career. However, she does not produce the beats herself, but rather comes up with melodies and ideas during production, sharing them with the producers.', 0.98039114, 1)
('In the days following the disaster, an international reconnaissance team of engineers was dispatched to the region to make a detailed preliminary survey of damaged buildings. Their findings show a variety of reasons why many constructions failed to withstand the earthquake.', ' In the days following the disaster, an international team of engineers was dispatched to the region to conduct a preliminary detailed study of the damaged buildings. The results of their research show a great diversity of reasons why many constructions could not withstand the earthquake.', 0.9803933, 1)
("A Japan-exclusive manga series based on Twilight Princess, penned and illustrated by Akira Himekawa, was first released on February 8, 2016. The series is available solely via publisher Shogakukan's MangaOne mobile application. While the manga adaptation began almost ten years after the initial release of the game on which it is based, it launched only a month before the release of the high-definition remake.", " A Japanese manga series, inspired by Twilight Princess and created by Akira Himekawa, was first published on February 8, 2016. It's exclusively available through the Shogakukan MangaOne mobile app. Despite a ten-year gap between the game's initial release and the manga's release, it was launched just a month before the high-definition remastered version came out.", 0.9804016, 1)
('Chopin also endowed popular dance forms with a greater range of melody and expression. Chopin\'s mazurkas, while originating in the traditional Polish dance (the mazurek), differed from the traditional variety in that they were written for the concert hall rather than the dance hall; "it was Chopin who put the mazurka on the European musical map." The series of seven polonaises published in his lifetime (another nine were published posthumously), beginning with the Op. 26 pair (published 1836), set a new standard for music in the form. His waltzes were also written specifically for the salon recital rather than the ballroom and are frequently at rather faster tempos than their dance-floor equivalents.', ' Chopin also embellished larger and more emotive forms of popular dances. Chopin\'s mazurkas, although originating from traditional Polish dance (mazurka), stood out because they were written for concert halls rather than dance floors; "it was Chopin who put the mazurka on the European musical map." The seven polonaises published during his lifetime (nine more were published posthumously), starting with the Op. 26 set (published in 1836), established a new standard for music in this form. His waltzes were also written specifically for salon recitals rather than ballrooms and are often at slightly faster tempos than their dance floor equivalents.', 0.98043156, 1)
("Cyborg anthropology originated as a sub-focus group within the American Anthropological Association's annual meeting in 1993. The sub-group was very closely related to STS and the Society for the Social Studies of Science. Donna Haraway's 1985 Cyborg Manifesto could be considered the founding document of cyborg anthropology by first exploring the philosophical and sociological ramifications of the term. Cyborg anthropology studies humankind and its relations with the technological systems it has built, specifically modern technological systems that have reflexively shaped notions of what it means to be human beings.", " Cybergeography was born as a sub-discipline at the annual meeting of the American Anthropological Association in 1993. This sub-group was closely related to STS and the Society for the Study of Social Sciences. Donna Haraway's cyborg manifesto of 1985 can be considered the founding document of cybergeography, as it explored the philosophical and sociological implications of the term first. Cybergeography studies humanity and its relationships with the technological systems it has built, particularly the modern technological systems that have reflectively shaped notions of what it means to be human beings.", 0.98043156, 0)
('The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR) is a court under the auspices of the United Nations for the prosecution of offenses committed in Rwanda during the genocide which occurred there during April 1994, commencing on 6 April. The ICTR was created on 8 November 1994 by the Security Council of the United Nations in order to judge those people responsible for the acts of genocide and other serious violations of the international law performed in the territory of Rwanda, or by Rwandan citizens in nearby states, between 1 January and 31 December 1994.', ' The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR) is a United Nations tribunal established to prosecute acts committed in Rwanda during the genocide that occurred there between April 1994, starting on the 6th of that month. The ICTR was created on November 8, 1994 by the United Nations Security Council to judge persons responsible for genocide and serious violations of international law committed on the territory of Rwanda, or by Rwandan citizens in neighboring states, between January 1 and December 31, 1994.', 0.9805476, 1)
('New York City has been a metropolitan municipality with a mayor-council form of government since its consolidation in 1898. The government of New York is more centralized than that of most other U.S. cities. In New York City, the city government is responsible for public education, correctional institutions, public safety, recreational facilities, sanitation, water supply, and welfare services.', ' New York City has been a consolidated city-municipality with a mayoral form of government since its consolidation in 1898. The New York City government is more centralized than that of most cities in the United States. In New York City, the municipal government is responsible for public education, penal institutions, public safety, recreational facilities, street maintenance, water supply, and social services.', 0.9806557, 1)
("The Convention came into force as international law on 12 January 1951 after the minimum 20 countries became parties. At that time however, only two of the five permanent members of the UN Security Council were parties to the treaty: France and the Republic of China. The Soviet Union ratified in 1954, the United Kingdom in 1970, the People's Republic of China in 1983 (having replaced the Taiwan-based Republic of China on the UNSC in 1971), and the United States in 1988. This long delay in support for the Convention by the world's most powerful nations caused the Convention to languish for over four decades. Only in the 1990s did the international law on the crime of genocide begin to be enforced.", " The treaty came into force as international law on January 12, 1951, after 20 countries had ratified it. However, at that time, only two of the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council were parties to the treaty: France and the Republic of China. The Soviet Union ratified in 1954, the United Kingdom in 1970, the People's Republic of China in 1983 (having replaced the Republic of China based in Taiwan at the United Nations Security Council in 1971), and the United States in 1988. This long delay in the support of the Treaty by the world's most powerful nations caused it to be relegated to the background for over four decades. It was only in the 1990s that international law on the crime of genocide began to be applied.", 0.9807135, 1)
('However, the early Ming government enacted a law, later rescinded, which forbade Han Chinese to learn the tenets of Tibetan Buddhism. There is little detailed evidence of Chinese—especially lay Chinese—studying Tibetan Buddhism until the Republican era (1912–1949). Despite these missions on behalf of the Hongwu Emperor, Morris Rossabi writes that the Yongle Emperor (r. 1402–1424) "was the first Ming ruler actively to seek an extension of relations with Tibet."', ' But, the ancient Ming government passed a law, later revoked, forbidding Han Chinese from learning Tibetan Buddhist teachings. There is little detailed evidence about Chinese studies, especially those of lay Chinese on Tibetan Buddhism before the republican era (1912-1949). Despite these missions at the request of Emperor Hongwu, Morris Rossabi writes that Emperor Yongle (r. 1402-1424) "was the first Ming emperor to seek an extension of relations with Tibet."', 0.98072416, 1)
('The Homestead Act of 1862 provided free land to settlers who could claim and "prove-up" 160 acres (0.65 km2) of federal land in the midwest and western United States. Montana did not see a large influx of immigrants from this act because 160 acres was usually insufficient to support a family in the arid territory. The first homestead claim under the act in Montana was made by David Carpenter near Helena in 1868. The first claim by a woman was made near Warm Springs Creek by Miss Gwenllian Evans, the daughter of Deer Lodge Montana Pioneer, Morgan Evans. By 1880, there were farms in the more verdant valleys of central and western Montana, but few on the eastern plains.', 'The Homestead Act of 1862 granted free land to settlers who could claim and prove ownership of 160 acres (0.65 km2) of federal lands in the midwest and west of the United States. Montana saw a small influx of immigrants due to this law as 160 acres were generally insufficient to support a family in the arid territory. The first preemption claim under this law in Montana was filed by David Carpenter near Helena in 1868. The first preemption claim by a woman was filed near Warm Springs Creek by Miss Gwenllian Evans, the daughter of Deer Lodge, Montana, pioneer Morgan Evans. By 1880, there were farms in the greener valleys of central and western Montana, but very few on the eastern plains.', 0.98076385, 1)
("Beyoncé's music is generally R&B, but she also incorporates pop, soul and funk into her songs. 4 demonstrated Beyoncé's exploration of 90s-style R&B, as well as further use of soul and hip hop than compared to previous releases. While she almost exclusively releases English songs, Beyoncé recorded several Spanish songs for Irreemplazable (re-recordings of songs from B'Day for a Spanish-language audience), and the re-release of B'Day. To record these, Beyoncé was coached phonetically by American record producer Rudy Perez.", ' Beyoncé\'s music is generally R&B, but she also incorporates pop, soul, and funk into her songs. "4" illustrates Beyoncé\'s exploration of 90s R&B, as well as additional use of soul and hip hop compared to previous releases. Although she primarily releases English songs, Beyoncé records several Spanish songs for Irreemplazable (re-editions of BDay songs for a Hispanic audience), and the re-edition of BDay. To record these last ones, Beyoncé was phonetically coached by American record producer Rudy Perez.', 0.98086286, 1)
('Solar energy may be used in a water stabilisation pond to treat waste water without chemicals or electricity. A further environmental advantage is that algae grow in such ponds and consume carbon dioxide in photosynthesis, although algae may produce toxic chemicals that make the water unusable.', ' Solar energy can be used in an unbalanced water basin to treat wastewater without using chemicals or electricity. An additional environmental benefit is that algae grow in these basins and consume carbon dioxide during photosynthesis. However, algae can also produce toxic chemicals, making the water undesirable.', 0.98088515, 1)
("The majority of studies indicate antibiotics do interfere with contraceptive pills, such as clinical studies that suggest the failure rate of contraceptive pills caused by antibiotics is very low (about 1%). In cases where antibacterials have been suggested to affect the efficiency of birth control pills, such as for the broad-spectrum antibacterial rifampicin, these cases may be due to an increase in the activities of hepatic liver enzymes' causing increased breakdown of the pill's active ingredients. Effects on the intestinal flora, which might result in reduced absorption of estrogens in the colon, have also been suggested, but such suggestions have been inconclusive and controversial. Clinicians have recommended that extra contraceptive measures be applied during therapies using antibacterials that are suspected to interact with oral contraceptives.", ' The majority of studies indicate that antibiotics interfere with birth control pills, such as clinical studies suggesting that the failure rate of birth control pills caused by antibiotics is very low (around 1%). In cases where antibiotics have been suggested to affect the effectiveness of oral contraceptive pills, such as for broad-spectrum antibiotic rifampicin, these cases may be due to an increase in liver enzyme activities causing accelerated degradation of the active ingredients in the pills. Effects on intestinal flora, which could lead to reduced absorption of progesterone in the colon, have also been suggested, but these suggestions have been uncertain and controversial. Clinicians have recommended additional contraceptive measures during antibiotic therapies suspected to interact with oral contraceptive pills.', 0.9810128, 1)
("Possibly the first venture into fictional treatments of Chopin's life was a fanciful operatic version of some of its events. Chopin was written by Giacomo Orefice and produced in Milan in 1901. All the music is derived from that of Chopin.", " Perhaps the first fictional attempts to portray Chopin's life were an operatic version of certain events in his life. Chopin was written by Giacomo Orefice and produced in Milan in 1901. All the music is from Chopin.", 0.9810897, 1)
('Her debut single, "Crazy in Love" was named VH1\'s "Greatest Song of the 2000s", NME\'s "Best Track of the 00s" and "Pop Song of the Century", considered by Rolling Stone to be one of the 500 greatest songs of all time, earned two Grammy Awards and is one of the best-selling singles of all time at around 8 million copies. The music video for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)", which achieved fame for its intricate choreography and its deployment of jazz hands, was credited by the Toronto Star as having started the "first major dance craze of both the new millennium and the Internet", triggering a number of parodies of the dance choreography and a legion of amateur imitators on YouTube. In 2013, Drake released a single titled "Girls Love Beyoncé", which featured an interpolation from Destiny Child\'s "Say My Name" and discussed his relationship with women. In January 2012, research scientist Bryan Lessard named Scaptia beyonceae, a species of horse fly found in Northern Queensland, Australia after Beyoncé due to the fly\'s unique golden hairs on its abdomen. In July 2014, a Beyoncé exhibit was introduced into the "Legends of Rock" section of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. The black leotard from the "Single Ladies" video and her outfit from the Super Bowl half time performance are among several pieces housed at the museum.', ' His first single, "Crazy in Love," was named the "Craziest Song of the Decade" by VH1, the "Best Track of the Decade" by NME, and the "Pop Song of the Century" by Rolling Stone. According to Rolling Stone, it is one of the 500 greatest songs of all time, won two Grammy Awards, and is one of the best-selling singles of all time, with approximately 8 million copies sold. The music video for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" was praised by the Toronto Star for its intricate choreography and use of the "pointing finger" gesture, and was credited with starting the "first major dance trend of the new millennium and the Internet," sparking a series of dance parodies and an army of amateur imitators on YouTube. In 2013, Drake released a single called "Girls Love Beyoncé," which included an interpolation of "Say My Name" by Destiny\'s Child and addressed his relationships with women. In January 2012, researcher Bryan Lessard named a horsefly species found in northern Queensland, Australia, Scaptia beyonceae, after Beyoncé due to her unique golden abdomen hair. In July 2014, a Beyoncé exhibit was introduced into the "Legends of Rock" section of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. The black latex leotard from the "Single Ladies" music video and her Super Bowl half-time performance costume are among several exhibited items at the museum.', 0.9811388, 0)
("Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e.g. Zahm House's two-story banner). Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle. This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday. Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome. The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game.", " Football weekends are filled with activities all over the campus. Different dorms decorate their hallways with traditional articles (for example, the Zahm Houses with their two-story banner). Traditional activities begin at midnight with the Drum Circle. This tradition involves the Fighting Irish Band's drum line and announces other festivities that will continue all day on football Saturdays. Later in the day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Hymn under the dome. The entire band will perform a concert at Bond Hall steps, leading fans and students to Notre Dame Stadium.", 0.98117393, 1)
('On May 12, 2009, China marked the first anniversary of the quake with a moment of silence as people across the nation remembered the dead. The government also opened access to the sealed ruins of the Beichuan county seat for three days, after which it will be frozen in time as a state earthquake relic museum, to remind people of the terrible disaster. There were also several concerts across the country to raise money for the survivors of the quake.', ' On May 12, 2009, China observed a moment of silence to mark the first anniversary of the quake, with people nationwide remembering the deceased. The government opened the sealed ruins of Beichuan county seat for three days, to be preserved as a state earthquake relic museum, serving as a reminder of the devastating disaster. Several concerts were held throughout the country to raise funds for quake survivors.', 0.98118806, 1)
('In November 2013 MGM and the McClory estate formally settled the issue with Danjaq, LLC—sister company of Eon Productions—with MGM acquiring the full copyright film rights to the concept of Spectre and all of the characters associated with it. With the acquisition of the film rights and the organisation\'s re-introduction to the series\' continuity, the SPECTRE acronym was discarded and the organisation reimagined as "Spectre".', ' In November 2013, MGM and McClory Inc. formally agreed with Danjaq, LLC - Eon Productions\' sister company - with MGM acquiring the cinematographic copyright rights in their entirety for the Spectre concept and all associated characters. With the acquisition of the film rights and the reintroduction of the organization into the series continuity, the SPECTRE acronym was abandoned and the organization was reimagined under the name "Spectre".', 0.98123467, 1)
('Several molecular mechanisms of antibacterial resistance exist. Intrinsic antibacterial resistance may be part of the genetic makeup of bacterial strains. For example, an antibiotic target may be absent from the bacterial genome. Acquired resistance results from a mutation in the bacterial chromosome or the acquisition of extra-chromosomal DNA. Antibacterial-producing bacteria have evolved resistance mechanisms that have been shown to be similar to, and may have been transferred to, antibacterial-resistant strains. The spread of antibacterial resistance often occurs through vertical transmission of mutations during growth and by genetic recombination of DNA by horizontal genetic exchange. For instance, antibacterial resistance genes can be exchanged between different bacterial strains or species via plasmids that carry these resistance genes. Plasmids that carry several different resistance genes can confer resistance to multiple antibacterials. Cross-resistance to several antibacterials may also occur when a resistance mechanism encoded by a single gene conveys resistance to more than one antibacterial compound.', ' Molecular mechanisms of bacterial antibiotic resistance exist. Intrinsic antibiotic resistance can be part of the bacterial genetic heritage. For instance, an antibiotic target may be absent from the bacterial genome. Acquired resistance results from a mutation in the bacterial chromosome or acquisition of extrachromosomal DNA. Bacteria producing antibiotics have evolved resistance mechanisms that have been shown to be similar and have been transferred to antibiotic-resistant bacterial strains. The spread of antibiotic resistance often occurs through vertical transmission of mutations during growth and horizontal exchange of DNA. For example, antibiotic resistance genes can be exchanged between different bacterial strains or species via plasmids carrying these resistance genes. Plasmids carrying different resistance genes can confer resistance to multiple antibiotics. Cross-resistance to multiple antibiotics can also occur when a resistance mechanism encoded by a single gene confers resistance to more than one antibiotic compound.', 0.98125654, 1)
('P. Christiaan Klieger, an anthropologist and scholar of the California Academy of Sciences in San Francisco, writes that the vice royalty of the Sakya regime installed by the Mongols established a patron and priest relationship between Tibetans and Mongol converts to Tibetan Buddhism. According to him, the Tibetan lamas and Mongol khans upheld a "mutual role of religious prelate and secular patron," respectively. He adds that "Although agreements were made between Tibetan leaders and Mongol khans, Ming and Qing emperors, it was the Republic of China and its Communist successors that assumed the former imperial tributaries and subject states as integral parts of the Chinese nation-state."', 'P. Christiaan Klieger, an anthropologist and researcher at the California Academy of Sciences in San Francisco, writes that the vassal regime of Sakya established by the Mongols established a link between Tibetans and converted Mongols to Tibetan Buddhism. According to him, Tibetan lamas and Mongol khans respectively played the roles of religious prelate and secular patron. He adds that "Although agreements were reached between Tibetan leaders and Mongol khans, between the Ming and Qing emperors, it was the Republic of China and its communist successors who took the ancient tributaries and vassal states as integral parts of the Chinese state-nation."', 0.9812752, 1)
("Asian Americans in New York City, according to the 2010 Census, number more than one million, greater than the combined totals of San Francisco and Los Angeles. New York contains the highest total Asian population of any U.S. city proper. The New York City borough of Queens is home to the state's largest Asian American population and the largest Andean (Colombian, Ecuadorian, Peruvian, and Bolivian) populations in the United States, and is also the most ethnically diverse urban area in the world. The Chinese population constitutes the fastest-growing nationality in New York State; multiple satellites of the original Manhattan Chinatown (紐約華埠), in Brooklyn (布鲁克林華埠), and around Flushing, Queens (法拉盛華埠), are thriving as traditionally urban enclaves, while also expanding rapidly eastward into suburban Nassau County (拿騷縣) on Long Island (長島), as the New York metropolitan region and New York State have become the top destinations for new Chinese immigrants, respectively, and large-scale Chinese immigration continues into New York City and surrounding areas. In 2012, 6.3% of New York City was of Chinese ethnicity, with nearly three-fourths living in either Queens or Brooklyn, geographically on Long Island. A community numbering 20,000 Korean-Chinese (Chaoxianzu (Chinese: 朝鲜族) or Joseonjok (Hangul: 조선족)) is centered in Flushing, Queens, while New York City is also home to the largest Tibetan population outside China, India, and Nepal, also centered in Queens. Koreans made up 1.2% of the city's population, and Japanese 0.3%. Filipinos were the largest Southeast Asian ethnic group at 0.8%, followed by Vietnamese, who made up 0.2% of New York City's population in 2010. Indians are the largest South Asian group, comprising 2.4% of the city's population, with Bangladeshis and Pakistanis at 0.7% and 0.5%, respectively. Queens is the preferred borough of settlement for Asian Indians, Koreans, and Filipinos, as well as Malaysians and other Southeast Asians; while Brooklyn is receiving large numbers of both West Indian as well as Asian Indian immigrants.", ' Americans in Asia in New York, according to the 2010 United States Census, number over a million residents, more than the sum of San Francisco and Los Angeles. New York is home to the largest Asian population in any city in the United States. The New York borough of Queens has the largest Asian-American and largest South American (Colombian, Ecuadorian, Peruvian, and Bolivian) populations in the US, and is also the most ethnically diverse urban area in the world. The Chinese population represents: ...', 0.98139024, 0)
('In the second decade of the 21st century the Portuguese economy suffered its most severe recession since the 1970s resulting in the country having to be bailed out by the European Commission, European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund. The bailout, agreed to in 2011, required Portugal to enter into a range of austerity measures in exchange for funding support of €78 billion. In May 2014 the country exited the bailout but reaffirmed its commitment to maintaining its reformist momentum. At the time of exiting the bailout the economy had contracted by 0.7% in the first quarter of 2014, however unemployment, while still high had fallen to 15.3 percent.', ' In the second decade of the twenty-first century, the Portuguese economy suffered its most severe crisis since the 1970s, leading the country to require assistance from the European Commission, the European Central Bank, and the International Monetary Fund. The bailout agreement, concluded in 2011, obliged Portugal to enter into a program of austerity measures in exchange for financial support of 78 billion euros. In May 2014, the country exited the bailout program, but reaffirmed its commitment to maintaining its reformist momentum. The economy had contracted by 0.7 % in the first quarter of 2014, but unemployment, although still high, had fallen to 15.3 %.', 0.9813918, 1)
('Harper Lee was pleased with the movie, saying: "In that film the man and the part met... I\'ve had many, many offers to turn it into musicals, into TV or stage plays, but I\'ve always refused. That film was a work of art." Peck met Lee\'s father, the model for Atticus, before the filming. Lee\'s father died before the film\'s release, and Lee was so impressed with Peck\'s performance that she gave him her father\'s pocketwatch, which he had with him the evening he was awarded the Oscar for best actor. Years later, he was reluctant to tell Lee that the watch was stolen out of his luggage in London Heathrow Airport. When Peck eventually did tell Lee, he said she responded, "\'Well, it\'s only a watch.\' Harper—she feels deeply, but she\'s not a sentimental person about things." Lee and Peck shared a friendship long after the movie was made. Peck\'s grandson was named "Harper" in her honor.', ' Harper Lee approached the film with pleasure, saying: "In this film, the man and the role met... I had countless proposals to turn it into musicals, TV films, or stage plays, but I always refused. This film was a work of art for me." Peck met Harper Lee\'s father, the model for Atticus, before filming. Lee\'s father passed away before the film\'s release, and Lee was so impressed by Peck\'s performance that she gave him her pocket watch, which he had on him the night he received the Oscar for Best Actor. Later, Lee was reluctant to tell him that the watch had been stolen from his luggage at London Heathrow airport. When Peck finally told her, she replied: "Of course, it\'s just a watch. Harper—she has deep feelings, but she\'s not sentimental about things." Lee and Peck shared a friendship long after the film was made. Peck\'s grandson was named "Harper" in her honor.', 0.9813923, 1)
('Laird writes that the Ming appointed titles to eastern Tibetan princes, and that "these alliances with eastern Tibetan principalities are the evidence China now produces for its assertion that the Ming ruled Tibet," despite the fact that the Ming did not send an army to replace the Mongols after they left Tibet. Yiu Yung-chin states that the furthest western extent of the Ming dynasty\'s territory was Gansu, Sichuan, and Yunnan while "the Ming did not possess Tibet."', ' Laird writes that the Ming bestowed titles upon Eastern Tibetan princes, and that "these alliances with the Eastern Tibetan principalities are the proofs China presents to support its claim of having ruled over Tibet," despite the fact that the Ming sent no army to replace the Mongols after their departure from Tibet. Yiu Yung-chin indicates that the westernmost territory of the Ming Dynasty reached as far as Gansu, Sichuan, and Yunnan, while "the Ming did not possess Tibet."', 0.98145014, 1)
('According to a study by the China Earthquake Administration (CEA), the earthquake occurred along the Longmenshan fault, a thrust structure along the border of the Indo-Australian Plate and Eurasian Plate. Seismic activities concentrated on its mid-fracture (known as Yingxiu-Beichuan fracture). The rupture lasted close to 120 sec, with the majority of energy released in the first 80 sec. Starting from Wenchuan, the rupture propagated at an average speed of 3.1 kilometers per second 49° toward north east, rupturing a total of about 300 km. Maximum displacement amounted to 9 meters. The focus was deeper than 10 km.', ' According to a study by the China Earthquake Administration (CEA), the earthquake occurred along the Longmenshan Fault, a pressure structure on the boundary between the Indo-Australian Plate and the Eurasian Plate. Seismic activities focused on its median fracture, known as the Yingxiu-Beichuan Fault. For approximately 120 seconds, the rupture released most of its energy during the initial 80 seconds. The rupture started in Wenchuan and propagated north-eastwards at an average speed of 3.1 kilometers per second, rupturing a total length of around 300 km. The maximum displacement was 9 meters. The focus was below 10 km in depth.', 0.98146313, 1)
('When the book was released, reviewers noted that it was divided into two parts, and opinion was mixed about Lee\'s ability to connect them. The first part of the novel concerns the children\'s fascination with Boo Radley and their feelings of safety and comfort in the neighborhood. Reviewers were generally charmed by Scout and Jem\'s observations of their quirky neighbors. One writer was so impressed by Lee\'s detailed explanations of the people of Maycomb that he categorized the book as Southern romantic regionalism. This sentimentalism can be seen in Lee\'s representation of the Southern caste system to explain almost every character\'s behavior in the novel. Scout\'s Aunt Alexandra attributes Maycomb\'s inhabitants\' faults and advantages to genealogy (families that have gambling streaks and drinking streaks), and the narrator sets the action and characters amid a finely detailed background of the Finch family history and the history of Maycomb. This regionalist theme is further reflected in Mayella Ewell\'s apparent powerlessness to admit her advances toward Tom Robinson, and Scout\'s definition of "fine folks" being people with good sense who do the best they can with what they have. The South itself, with its traditions and taboos, seems to drive the plot more than the characters.', ' When the book was published, critics noted that it was divided into two parts, and there was a shared opinion regarding Lee\'s connection between them. The first part of the novel deals with the children\'s interest in Boo Radley and their feelings of security and comfort in the neighborhood. Critics were generally charmed by Scout and Jem\'s observations of their strange neighbors. A writer was so impressed by Lee\'s detailed explanations of people in Maycomb that he classified the book as Southern romantic regionalism. This sentiment is evident in Lee\'s representation of the Southern caste system to explain almost all the characters\' behavior in the novel. Aunt Alexandra attributes the faults and virtues of Maycomb residents to their genealogy (families with tendencies towards enjoyment and alcohol), and the narrator places the action and characters in a finely detailed family Finch and Maycomb history setting. This regionalist theme is further reflected in Mayella Ewell\'s apparent inability to confess her advances towards Tom Robinson, and in Scout\'s definition of "good people" being those who have common sense and do the best they can with what they have. The South itself, with its traditions and taboos, seems to drive the plot more than the characters.', 0.981498, 1)
('Chopin has figured extensively in Polish literature, both in serious critical studies of his life and music and in fictional treatments. The earliest manifestation was probably an 1830 sonnet on Chopin by Leon Ulrich. French writers on Chopin (apart from Sand) have included Marcel Proust and André Gide; and he has also featured in works of Gottfried Benn and Boris Pasternak. There are numerous biographies of Chopin in English (see bibliography for some of these).', 'Chopin has extensively figured in Polish literature, both in serious critical studies of his life and music and in fictional treatments. The earliest manifestation was probably a 1830 sonnet on Chopin by Leon Ulrich. French writers on Chopin (apart from Sand) include Marcel Proust and André Gide; and he has also featured in works of Gottfried Benn and Boris Pasternak. There are numerous biographies of Chopin in English (see bibliography for some of these).Explanation:Chopin has been a significant figure in Polish literature, with both critical analyses of his life and music and fictional portrayals. The earliest known example is a 1830 sonnet about Chopin by Leon Ulrich. French authors who have written about Chopin, aside from George Sand, include Marcel Proust and André Gide. Chopin has also appeared in works by Gottfried Benn and Boris Pasternak. There are many biographies of Chopin available in English (consult the bibliography for some of these).', 0.98159695, 1)
("Apple did not develop the iPod software entirely in-house, instead using PortalPlayer's reference platform based on two ARM cores. The platform had rudimentary software running on a commercial microkernel embedded operating system. PortalPlayer had previously been working on an IBM-branded MP3 player with Bluetooth headphones. Apple contracted another company, Pixo, to help design and implement the user interface under the direct supervision of Steve Jobs. As development progressed, Apple continued to refine the software's look and feel. Starting with the iPod Mini, the Chicago font was replaced with Espy Sans. Later iPods switched fonts again to Podium Sans—a font similar to Apple's corporate font, Myriad. iPods with color displays then adopted some Mac OS X themes like Aqua progress bars, and brushed metal meant to evoke a combination lock. In 2007, Apple modified the iPod interface again with the introduction of the sixth-generation iPod Classic and third-generation iPod Nano by changing the font to Helvetica and, in most cases, splitting the screen in half by displaying the menus on the left and album artwork, photos, or videos on the right (whichever was appropriate for the selected item).", " Apple did not fully develop iPod software in-house, instead using PortalPlayer's reference platform, which was based on two ARM cores. This platform had a basic software running on an embedded commercial operating system based on a microkernel. Previously, PortalPlayer had been working on an IBM headphone MP3 player with Bluetooth. Apple engaged another company, Pixo, to help design and implement the user interface, all under Steve Jobs' direct supervision. As development advanced, Apple continued to enhance the software's visual aspect. Since iPod Mini, Chicago font was replaced by Espy Sans. Later, iPods switched to Podium Sans—a font similar to Apple's corporate font, Myriad. Color screen iPods adopted Mac OS X themes like Aqua progress bars and a brown metal finish meant to evoke a combination. In 2007, Apple revised the iPod interface with the launch of the sixth generation iPod Classic and the third generation iPod Nano, changing the font to Helvetica and, in most instances, splitting the screen into two parts to display menus on the left and album art, photos, or videos on the right (depending on the selected item).", 0.98173445, 1)
('Jonathan Bellman writes that modern concert performance style—set in the "conservatory" tradition of late 19th- and 20th-century music schools, and suitable for large auditoria or recordings—militates against what is known of Chopin\'s more intimate performance technique. The composer himself said to a pupil that "concerts are never real music, you have to give up the idea of hearing in them all the most beautiful things of art." Contemporary accounts indicate that in performance, Chopin avoided rigid procedures sometimes incorrectly attributed to him, such as "always crescendo to a high note", but that he was concerned with expressive phrasing, rhythmic consistency and sensitive colouring. Berlioz wrote in 1853 that Chopin "has created a kind of chromatic embroidery ... whose effect is so strange and piquant as to be impossible to describe ... virtually nobody but Chopin himself can play this music and give it this unusual turn". Hiller wrote that "What in the hands of others was elegant embellishment, in his hands became a colourful wreath of flowers."', 'Jonathan Bellman writes that modern performance style in concert, established in the tradition of the "conservatory" of music schools of the 19th and 20th centuries, and adapted to large auditoriums or recordings, opposes Chopin\'s intimate composing technique. The composer himself told a student that "concerts are never true musics, one must abandon the idea of hearing all the most beautiful things of art." Contemporary testimonies indicate that Chopin avoided rigid procedures sometimes unfairly attributed to him, such as "always crescendoing towards a high note," but he was concerned with expressive phrasing, rhythmic consistency, and sensitive color. Berlioz wrote in 1853 that Chopin "created a genre of chromatic embroidery ... whose effect is so strange and piquant that it is impossible to describe ... almost nobody, except Chopin himself, can play this music and give it that particular touch." Hiller wrote that "what, in other hands, was an elegant embellishment, in his hands was a crown of colored flowers."', 0.98174316, 1)
('With the example of the Ming court\'s relationship with the fifth Karmapa and other Tibetan leaders, Norbu states that Chinese Communist historians have failed to realize the significance of the religious aspect of the Ming-Tibetan relationship. He writes that the meetings of lamas with the Emperor of China were exchanges of tribute between "the patron and the priest" and were not merely instances of a political subordinate paying tribute to a superior. He also notes that the items of tribute were Buddhist artifacts which symbolized "the religious nature of the relationship." Josef Kolmaš writes that the Ming dynasty did not exercise any direct political control over Tibet, content with their tribute relations that were "almost entirely of a religious character." Patricia Ann Berger writes that the Yongle Emperor\'s courting and granting of titles to lamas was his attempt to "resurrect the relationship between China and Tibet established earlier by the Yuan dynastic founder Khubilai Khan and his guru Phagpa." She also writes that the later Qing emperors and their Mongol associates viewed the Yongle Emperor\'s relationship with Tibet as "part of a chain of reincarnation that saw this Han Chinese emperor as yet another emanation of Manjusri."', ' With the example of the relations between the Ming Palace and the Fifth Karmapa and other Tibetan chieftains, Norbu asserts that Communist Chinese historians have not been able to understand the religious significance of the Ming-Tibetan relationship. He writes that the encounters between lamas and the Chinese Emperor were exchanges between "the patron and the priest" and were not simply cases of a vassal paying tribute to a superior. He also notes that the tribute objects were Buddhist relics which symbolized "the religious nature of the relationship." Josef Kolmaš writes that the Ming Dynasty exercised no direct political control over Tibet, content with their religious tribute which were "almost entirely of a religious character." Patricia Ann Berger writes that the courting and the bestowal of titles by Emperor Yongle to the lamas were his attempt to "revive the relationship between China and Tibet established previously by the founder of the Yuan Dynasty Khubilai Khan and his guru Phagpa." She also writes that the Qing Emperors and their Mongol associates saw the relationship of Emperor Yongle with Tibet as "part of a chain of reincarnation which saw this Han Chinese emperor as another manifestation of Manjusri."', 0.98175097, 1)
("Portugal is a significant European minerals producer and is ranked among Europe's leading copper producers. The nation is also a notable producer of tin, tungsten and uranium. However, the country lacks the potential to conduct hydrocarbon exploration and aluminium, a limitation that has hindered the development of Portugal's mining and metallurgy sectors. Although the country has vast iron and coal reserves—mainly in the north—after the 1974 revolution and the consequent economic globalization, low competitiveness forced a decrease in the extraction activity for these minerals. The Panasqueira and Neves-Corvo mines are among the most recognised Portuguese mines that are still in operation.[citation needed]", ' Portugal is an important European producer of minerals and ranks among the leading European producers of copper. The country is also a notable producer of tin, tungsten, and uranium. However, Portugal lacks the capacity to explore hydrocarbons and aluminum, a limitation that has hindered the development of the Portuguese mining and metallurgical sectors. Despite the vast reserves of iron and coal in the country, mainly in the north, the decline in competitiveness after the 1974 revolution and the subsequent economic globalization led to a reduction in the extraction of these minerals. The mines of Panasqueira and Neves-Corvo are among the most recognized ones still in operation in Portugal. [Citation needed].', 0.98179287, 1)
('On 12 July 2007, European Court of Human Rights when dismissing the appeal by Nikola Jorgić against his conviction for genocide by a German court (Jorgic v. Germany) noted that the German courts wider interpretation of genocide has since been rejected by international courts considering similar cases. The ECHR also noted that in the 21st century "Amongst scholars, the majority have taken the view that ethnic cleansing, in the way in which it was carried out by the Serb forces in Bosnia and Herzegovina in order to expel Muslims and Croats from their homes, did not constitute genocide. However, there are also a considerable number of scholars who have suggested that these acts did amount to genocide, and the ICTY has found in the Momcilo Krajisnik case that the actus reu, of genocide was met in Prijedor "With regard to the charge of genocide, the Chamber found that in spite of evidence of acts perpetrated in the municipalities which constituted the actus reus of genocide".', " July 12, 2007, the European Court of Human Rights dismissed Nikola Jorgić's appeal against his genocide conviction by a German court (Jorgic v. Germany). The European Court of Human Rights noted that the broader interpretation of genocide by German courts has since been rejected by international courts dealing with similar cases. In the 21st century, among scholars, the majority view is that ethnic cleansing, as carried out by the Serb forces in Bosnia and Herzegovina to expel Muslims and Croats from their homes, did not constitute genocide. However, there is also a significant number of scholars who have suggested that these acts amounted to genocide, and the ICTY found in the Momcilo Krajisnik case that the elements of the genocide charge were met in Prijedor.", 0.9818021, 1)
('As a result of the magnitude 7.9 earthquake and the many strong aftershocks, many rivers became blocked by large landslides, which resulted in the formation of "quake lakes" behind the blockages; these massive amounts of water were pooling up at a very high rate behind the natural landslide dams and it was feared that the blockages would eventually crumble under the weight of the ever-increasing water mass, potentially endangering the lives of millions of people living downstream. As of May 27, 2008, 34 lakes had formed due to earthquake debris blocking and damming rivers, and it was estimated that 28 of them were still of potential danger to the local people. Entire villages had to be evacuated because of the resultant flooding.', ' In the aftermath of the 7.9 magnitude earthquake and strong aftershocks, numerous rivers have been blocked by large landslides, resulting in the formation of "seismic lakes" behind the obstructions. Massive amounts of water rapidly accumulated behind these natural dams of debris, and it was feared that these dams could eventually collapse under the increasing weight of the water, potentially endangering the lives of millions of people living downstream. By May 27, 2008, 34 such lakes had been formed due to earthquake debris blocking and damming rivers, and it was estimated that 28 of these were still a potential threat to the local population. Entire villages had to be evacuated due to resulting floods.', 0.9818553, 1)
('One year after its publication To Kill a Mockingbird had been translated into ten languages. In the years since, it has sold more than 30 million copies and been translated into more than 40 languages. The novel has never been out of print in hardcover or paperback, and has become part of the standard literature curriculum. A 2008 survey of secondary books read by students between grades 9–12 in the U.S. indicates the novel is the most widely read book in these grades. A 1991 survey by the Book of the Month Club and the Library of Congress Center for the Book found that To Kill a Mockingbird was rated behind only the Bible in books that are "most often cited as making a difference".[note 1] It is considered by some to be the Great American Novel.', ' One year after its publication, To Kill a Mockingbird had been translated into ten languages. Since then, thousands of copies have been sold and the novel has been translated into over 40 languages. The book has never left the hardcover and paperback sections, and has become a standard part of the school curriculum. According to a 2008 survey conducted among books read by high school students in the United States between the 9th and 12th grades, the novel tops the list. A 1991 survey conducted by the Book of the Month Club and the Library of Congress found that To Kill a Mockingbird was ranked second only to the Bible in frequently cited influential books. [Note: Some consider it the Great American Novel. [Note: It is missing a reference for this note in the original text. It would be better to translate or remove it to maintain the consistency of the translated text.]].', 0.9819841, 1)
("But Sebastião de Melo's greatest reforms were economic and financial, with the creation of several companies and guilds to regulate every commercial activity. He demarcated the region for production of Port to ensure the wine's quality, and this was the first attempt to control wine quality and production in Europe. He ruled with a strong hand by imposing strict law upon all classes of Portuguese society from the high nobility to the poorest working class, along with a widespread review of the country's tax system. These reforms gained him enemies in the upper classes, especially among the high nobility, who despised him as a social upstart.", " But Sebastião de Melo's most important reforms were economic and financial, with the creation of several companies and corporations to regulate all commercial activity. He demarcated the region for Port production to ensure the quality of the wines, and it was the first attempt to control the quality and production of wine in Europe. He ruled with an iron hand by imposing strict laws on all classes of Portuguese society, from the high nobility down to the poorest working class. These reforms earned him enemies among the upper classes, particularly among the high nobility, who hated him as a social intruder.", 0.9820403, 1)
('The game features nine dungeons—large, contained areas where Link battles enemies, collects items, and solves puzzles. Link navigates these dungeons and fights a boss at the end in order to obtain an item or otherwise advance the plot. The dungeons are connected by a large overworld, across which Link can travel on foot; on his horse, Epona; or by teleporting.', ' The game consists of nine dungeons—large spaces where Link faces enemies, collects objects, and solves puzzles. Link navigates through these dungeons and faces a boss at the end to obtain an object or advance the plot. The dungeons are connected by a large external world, on which Link can travel on foot; on horse, Epona; or by teleporting.', 0.9820454, 1)
('In 2002, Chinese geologist Chen Xuezhong published a Seismic Risk Analysis study in which he came to the conclusion that beginning with 2003, attention should be paid to the possibility of an earthquake with a magnitude of over 7.0 occurring in Sichuan region. He based his study on statistical correlation. That Sichuan is a seismically active area has been discussed for years prior to the quake, though few studies point to a specific date and time.', ' In 2002, Chinese geologist Chen Xuezhong published a study titled "Analysis of Seismic Risks" in which he concluded that, starting from 2003, it was necessary to consider the possibility of a earthquake with a magnitude greater than 7.0 in the Sichuan region. He based his research on statistical correlation. It had been discussed for years that Sichuan is a seismically active region, but few studies indicate specific dates and hours.', 0.98205554, 1)
('Concentrating Solar Power (CSP) systems use lenses or mirrors and tracking systems to focus a large area of sunlight into a small beam. The concentrated heat is then used as a heat source for a conventional power plant. A wide range of concentrating technologies exists; the most developed are the parabolic trough, the concentrating linear fresnel reflector, the Stirling dish and the solar power tower. Various techniques are used to track the Sun and focus light. In all of these systems a working fluid is heated by the concentrated sunlight, and is then used for power generation or energy storage.', ' Concentrated Solar Power (CSP) systems use lenses or mirrors and tracking systems to concentrate a large surface of light into a small focal point. The concentrated heat is then used as a heat source for a classical power plant. A wide range of concentration technologies exist; the most developed are the parabolic trough, the concentrated linear reflector, the Stirling engine turbine, and the solar tower. Various techniques are used to track the Sun and concentrate light. In all these systems, a working fluid is heated by the concentrated light, and is then used for power generation or energy storage.', 0.9820894, 1)
('As of 2013, the global advertising agencies of Omnicom Group and Interpublic Group, both based in Manhattan, had combined annual revenues of approximately US$21 billion, reflecting New York City\'s role as the top global center for the advertising industry, which is metonymously referred to as "Madison Avenue". The city\'s fashion industry provides approximately 180,000 employees with $11 billion in annual wages.', ' Since 2013, the global advertising agencies of the Omnicom Group and the Interpublic Group, both based in Manhattan, had approximate annual revenues of around 21 billion US dollars, reflecting New York City\'s role as the number one global hub of the advertising industry, metonymically known as "Wall Street of Advertising" or "Madison Avenue". The fashion industry of the city provides approximately 180,000 employees with annual salaries of 11 billion dollars.Note: In French, "Madison Avenue" is translated as "Wall Street of Advertising" or "Madison Avenue of the advertising industry".', 0.9821015, 1)
("Montana's personal income tax contains 7 brackets, with rates ranging from 1 percent to 6.9 percent. Montana has no sales tax. In Montana, household goods are exempt from property taxes. However, property taxes are assessed on livestock, farm machinery, heavy equipment, automobiles, trucks, and business equipment. The amount of property tax owed is not determined solely by the property's value. The property's value is multiplied by a tax rate, set by the Montana Legislature, to determine its taxable value. The taxable value is then multiplied by the mill levy established by various taxing jurisdictions—city and county government, school districts and others.", ' Montana has seven personal income tax brackets, with rates ranging from 1% to 6.9%. Montana does not have a sales tax. In Montana, household goods are exempt from property taxes. However, property taxes are assessed on livestock, agricultural equipment, heavy machinery, automobiles, trucks, and commercial equipment. The amount of tax to be paid is not determined exclusively by the value of the good. The value of the good is multiplied by a tax rate established by the Montana Legislature to determine its assessed value for taxation. The assessed value for taxation is then multiplied by the mill rate established by various taxing jurisdictions—state and county governments, school districts, and others.', 0.98211104, 1)
("New York's airspace is the busiest in the United States and one of the world's busiest air transportation corridors. The three busiest airports in the New York metropolitan area include John F. Kennedy International Airport, Newark Liberty International Airport, and LaGuardia Airport; 109 million travelers used these three airports in 2012, and the city's airspace is the busiest in the nation. JFK and Newark Liberty were the busiest and fourth busiest U.S. gateways for international air passengers, respectively, in 2012; as of 2011, JFK was the busiest airport for international passengers in North America. Plans have advanced to expand passenger volume at a fourth airport, Stewart International Airport near Newburgh, New York, by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. Plans were announced in July 2015 to entirely rebuild LaGuardia Airport in a multibillion-dollar project to replace its aging facilities.", " The airspace of New York is the most congested in the US and one of the busiest air transport corridors in the world. The three most frequented airports in the New York metropolitan area are John F. Kennedy International Airport, Newark Liberty International Airport, and LaGuardia Airport; 109 million passengers used these three airports in 2012, and New York City's airspace is the most congested in the country. JFK and Newark Liberty were the busiest US entry points for international air passengers, respectively, in 2012; according to 2011 data, JFK was the busiest airport for international passengers in North America. Plans are advancing to increase passenger volume at a fourth airport, Stewart International Airport near Newburgh, New York, by the New York and New Jersey Port Authority. Announcements were made in July 2015 for a complete overhaul of LaGuardia Airport in a multi-billion dollar project to replace its outdated facilities.", 0.9821988, 1)
("The common features of passive solar architecture are orientation relative to the Sun, compact proportion (a low surface area to volume ratio), selective shading (overhangs) and thermal mass. When these features are tailored to the local climate and environment they can produce well-lit spaces that stay in a comfortable temperature range. Socrates' Megaron House is a classic example of passive solar design. The most recent approaches to solar design use computer modeling tying together solar lighting, heating and ventilation systems in an integrated solar design package. Active solar equipment such as pumps, fans and switchable windows can complement passive design and improve system performance.", 'The common features of solar passive architecture are orientation towards the Sun, a compact proportion (low surface-to-volume ratio), selective shading, and thermal mass. When these features are adapted to local climatology and environments, they can produce comfortable, well-lit spaces within an acceptable temperature range. The Megaron of Socrates is a classic example of solar passive design. Recent solar design approaches use integrated solar design packages consisting of lighting, heating, and ventilation solar systems. Solar active equipment such as pumps, fans, and interchangeable windows can complement passive design and improve system performance.', 0.98220766, 1)
('During the years immediately following the novel\'s publication, Harper Lee enjoyed the attention its popularity garnered her, granting interviews, visiting schools, and attending events honoring the book. In 1961, when To Kill a Mockingbird was in its 41st week on the bestseller list, it was awarded the Pulitzer Prize, stunning Lee. It also won the Brotherhood Award of the National Conference of Christians and Jews in the same year, and the Paperback of the Year award from Bestsellers magazine in 1962. Starting in 1964, Lee began to turn down interviews, complaining that the questions were monotonous, and grew concerned that attention she received bordered on the kind of publicity celebrities sought. Since the, she declined talking with reporters about the book. She also steadfastly refused to provide an introduction, writing in 1995: "Introductions inhibit pleasure, they kill the joy of anticipation, they frustrate curiosity. The only good thing about Introductions is that in some cases they delay the dose to come. Mockingbird still says what it has to say; it has managed to survive the years without preamble."', ' During the years following the publication of the novel, Harper Lee enjoyed the attention brought about by her success, granting interviews, visiting schools, and attending award-giving events for the book. In 1961, when To Kill a Mockingbird was at its 41st week in the bestseller list, it received the Pulitzer Prize, which surprised her. It also received the Fraternity Prize from the National Conference of Christians and Jews in the same year, and the Book of the Year award from Bestsellers magazine in 1962. Starting from 1964, Lee began refusing interviews, complaining that the questions were monotonous, and grew concerned that the attention she was receiving approached the level of publicity sought by celebrities. Since then, she has refused to speak to journalists about the book. She also firmly refused to write an introduction, stating in 1995: "Introductions dampen joy, they kill curiosity, they frustrate anticipation. The only good thing about introductions is that in some cases they postpone the delivery."', 0.98234475, 1)
('Laird writes that Altan Khan abolished the native Mongol practices of shamanism and blood sacrifice, while the Mongol princes and subjects were coerced by Altan to convert to Gelug Buddhism—or face execution if they persisted in their shamanistic ways. Committed to their religious leader, Mongol princes began requesting the Dalai Lama to bestow titles on them, which demonstrated "the unique fusion of religious and political power" wielded by the Dalai Lama, as Laird writes. Kolmaš states that the spiritual and secular Mongol-Tibetan alliance of the 13th century was renewed by this alliance constructed by Altan Khan and Sönam Gyatso. Van Praag writes that this restored the original Mongol patronage of a Tibetan lama and "to this day, Mongolians are among the most devout followers of the Gelugpa and the Dalai Lama." Angela F. Howard writes that this unique relationship not only provided the Dalai Lama and Panchen Lama with religious and political authority in Tibet, but that Altan Khan gained "enormous power among the entire Mongol population."', ' Laird writes that Altan Khan abolished native Mongol shamanic practices and blood sacrifices, while Mongol princes and subjects were forced by Altan Khan to convert to Gelug Buddhism – otherwise, they faced execution if they continued with their shamanic practices. Mongol princes, attached to their spiritual leader, began to ask the Dalai Lama for titles, according to Laird, demonstrating, according to him, the unique religious and political power of the Dalai Lama. Kolmaš indicates that the spiritual and temporal Mongol-Tibetan alliance of the 13th century was renewed by this alliance built by Altan Khan and Sönam Gyatso. Van Praag writes that it restored the original patronage of a Tibetan lama by the Mongols – and to this day, the Mongols are among the most devoted followers of Gelugpa and the Dalai Lama. Angela F. Howard writes that this relationship not only gave the Dalai Lama and the Panchen Lama religious and political authority in Tibet, but that Altan Khan gained "enormous power" among the entire Mongol population.', 0.98239183, 1)
("Major tourist destinations include Times Square; Broadway theater productions; the Empire State Building; the Statue of Liberty; Ellis Island; the United Nations Headquarters; museums such as the Metropolitan Museum of Art; greenspaces such as Central Park and Washington Square Park; Rockefeller Center; the Manhattan Chinatown; luxury shopping along Fifth and Madison Avenues; and events such as the Halloween Parade in Greenwich Village; the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade; the lighting of the Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree; the St. Patrick's Day parade; seasonal activities such as ice skating in Central Park in the wintertime; the Tribeca Film Festival; and free performances in Central Park at Summerstage. Major attractions in the boroughs outside Manhattan include Flushing Meadows-Corona Park and the Unisphere in Queens; the Bronx Zoo; Coney Island, Brooklyn; and the New York Botanical Garden in the Bronx. The New York Wheel, a 630-foot ferris wheel, was under construction at the northern shore of Staten Island in 2015, overlooking the Statue of Liberty, New York Harbor, and the Lower Manhattan skyline.", " The main tourist attractions include Times Square; Broadway theaters; Empire State Building; Statue of Liberty; Ellis Island; United Nations Headquarters; museums such as the Metropolitan Museum of Art; green spaces like Central Park and Washington Square Park; Rockefeller Center; Chinatown in Manhattan; the wholesale shopping along Fifth and Madison Avenues; and events such as the Halloween Parade in Greenwich Village; Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade; Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree Lighting; St. Patrick's Day Parade; seasonal activities like ice skating in Central Park in winter; Tribeca Film Festival; and free performances at Central Park's Summerstage. The main attractions in the outer boroughs include Flushing Meadows-Corona Park and the Unisphere in Queens; the Bronx Zoo; Coney Island, Brooklyn; and the New York Botanical Garden in the Bronx. The New York Wheel, a 630-foot Ferris wheel, was under construction at the north shore of Staten Island in 2015, facing Liberty State Park, the New York Harbor, and the lower Manhattan skyline.", 0.982419, 1)
('The feminism and female empowerment themes on Beyoncé\'s second solo album B\'Day were inspired by her role in Dreamgirls and by singer Josephine Baker. Beyoncé paid homage to Baker by performing "Déjà Vu" at the 2006 Fashion Rocks concert wearing Baker\'s trademark mini-hula skirt embellished with fake bananas. Beyoncé\'s third solo album I Am... Sasha Fierce was inspired by Jay Z and especially by Etta James, whose "boldness" inspired Beyoncé to explore other musical genres and styles. Her fourth solo album, 4, was inspired by Fela Kuti, 1990s R&B, Earth, Wind & Fire, DeBarge, Lionel Richie, Teena Marie with additional influences by The Jackson 5, New Edition, Adele, Florence and the Machine, and Prince.', ' The themes of feminism and female empowerment on Beyoncé\'s solo album BDay were inspired by her role in Dreamgirls and by the singer Josephine Baker. Beyoncé paid tribute to Baker by performing "Déjà Vu" at the 2006 Fashion Rocks concert wearing Baker\'s traditional mini-hula skirt adorned with plastic bananas. Beyoncé\'s third solo album, I Am... Sasha Fierce, was inspired by Jay Z and especially by Etta James, whose "boldness" inspired Beyoncé to explore other genres and musical styles. Her fourth solo album, 4, was inspired by Fela Kuti, 1990s R&B, Earth, Wind & Fire, DeBarge, Lionel Richie, Teena Marie, with additional influences from The Jackson 5, New Edition, Adele, Florence and the Machine, and Prince.', 0.98242426, 1)
('New York City has a high degree of income disparity as indicated by its Gini Coefficient of 0.5 for the city overall and 0.6 for Manhattan. The disparity is driven by wage growth in high-income brackets, while wages have stagnated for middle and lower-income brackets. In the first quarter of 2014, the average weekly wage in New York County (Manhattan) was $2,749, representing the highest total among large counties in the United States. In 2013, New York City had the highest number of billionaires of any city in the world, higher than the next five U.S. cities combined, including former Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg. New York also had the highest density of millionaires per capita among major U.S. cities in 2014, at 4.6% of residents. Lower Manhattan has been experiencing a baby boom, with the area south of Canal Street witnessing 1,086 births in 2010, 12% greater than 2009 and over twice the number born in 2001.', " New York City has a large income gap, as shown by its city-wide Gini coefficient of 0.5 and Manhattan's coefficient of 0.6. The gap is caused by the growth of salaries in the highest brackets, while salaries have stagnated for the middle and low brackets. In the first quarter of 2014, the weekly average salary in New York County (Manhattan) was $2,749, the highest total among large counties in the United States. In 2013, New York had the most billionaires of any city in the world, more than the five following American cities combined, including former mayor Michael R. Bloomberg. New York also had the highest percentage of millionaires per capita among major American cities in 2014, at 4.6% of residents. Lower Manhattan experienced a new birth, with the area south of Canal Street recording 1,086 births in 2010, a 12% increase from 2009, and more than double the number of births recorded in 2001.", 0.9824391, 1)
('The central government estimates that over 7,000 inadequately engineered schoolrooms collapsed in the earthquake. Chinese citizens have since invented a catch phrase: "tofu-dregs schoolhouses" (Chinese: 豆腐渣校舍), to mock both the quality and the quantity of these inferior constructions that killed so many school children. Due to the one-child policy, many families lost their only child when schools in the region collapsed during the earthquake. Consequently, Sichuan provincial and local officials have lifted the restriction for families whose only child was either killed or severely injured in the disaster. So-called "illegal children" under 18 years of age may be registered as legal replacements for their dead siblings; if the dead child was illegal, no further outstanding fines would apply. Reimbursement would not, however, be offered for fines that were already levied.', ' The central government estimates that over 7,000 poorly designed schools will collapse during the earthquake. Chinese citizens have since coined an ironic term: "tofu dregs schools" (Chinese: 豆腐渣校房), to mock both the quality and quantity of these inferior constructions that killed so many schoolchildren. Due to the one-child policy, many families lost their only child when schools in the region collapsed during the earthquake. Therefore, the Sichuan and local authorities have lifted the restriction for families whose only child was killed or seriously injured in the disaster. Illegitimate children under 18 can be registered as legal replacements for their deceased siblings; no additional penalties will apply if the deceased was also an illegitimate child. However, no compensation was provided for previously incurred penalties.', 0.9824599, 1)
('The Internet was extensively used for passing information to aid rescue and recovery efforts. For example, the official news agency Xinhua set up an online rescue request center in order to find the blind spots of disaster recovery. After knowing that rescue helicopters had trouble landing into the epicenter area in Wenchuan, a student proposed a landing spot online and it was chosen as the first touchdown place for the helicopters[not in citation given]. Volunteers also set up several websites to help store contact information for victims and evacuees. On May 31, a rescue helicopter carrying earthquake survivors and crew members crashed in fog and turbulence in Wenchuan county. No-one survived.', ' The Internet was extensively used for passing information to aid rescue and recovery efforts. For example, the official news agency Xinhua set up an online rescue request center to find the blind spots of disaster recovery. After learning that rescue helicopters had trouble landing in the epicenter area of Wenchuan, a student proposed an online landing spot and it was chosen as the first touchdown place for the helicopters. Volunteers also set up several websites to help store contact information for victims and evacuees. On May 31, a rescue helicopter carrying earthquake survivors and crew members crashed in fog and turbulence in Wenchuan county. No one survived.', 0.9824654, 1)
('Both the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange suspended trading of companies based in southwestern China. Copper rose over speculations that production in southwestern China may be affected, and oil prices dropped over speculations that demand from China would fall.', " The stock exchanges of the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges have suspended trading for companies based in southwestern China. Copper has risen due to speculation that production in southwestern China may be affected, and oil prices have fallen due to speculation that China's demand may decrease.", 0.98246557, 1)
('Helmut Hoffman states that the Ming upheld the facade of rule over Tibet through periodic missions of "tribute emissaries" to the Ming court and by granting nominal titles to ruling lamas, but did not actually interfere in Tibetan governance. Melvyn C. Goldstein writes that the Ming had no real administrative authority over Tibet, as the various titles given to Tibetan leaders did not confer authority as the earlier Mongol Yuan titles had. He asserts that "by conferring titles on Tibetans already in power, the Ming emperors merely recognized political reality." Hugh Edward Richardson writes that the Ming dynasty exercised no authority over the succession of Tibetan ruling families, the Phagmodru (1354–1435), Rinpungpa (1435–1565), and Tsangpa (1565–1642).', 'Helmut Hoffman states that the Ming dynasty maintained the facade of power in Tibet through periodic missions of tribute-bearing representatives to the Ming court and by granting nominal titles to reigning lamas, but they did not interfere in the Tibetan government in reality. Melvyn C. Goldstein writes that the Ming dynasty had no real administrative authority in Tibet, as the various titles granted to Tibetan rulers did not confer actual power like the Mongol Yuan dynasty\'s titles. He asserts that "by conferring titles upon already powerful Tibetans, the Ming emperors merely acknowledged the political reality." Hugh Richardson writes that the Ming dynasty exercised no authority over the succession of the ruling Tibetan families, the Phagmodru (1354–1435), Rinpungpa (1435–1565), and Tsangpa (1565–1642).', 0.9824843, 1)
('Beyoncé participated in George Clooney and Wyclef Jean\'s Hope for Haiti Now: A Global Benefit for Earthquake Relief telethon and was named the official face of the limited edition CFDA "Fashion For Haiti" T-shirt, made by Theory which raised a total of $1 million. On March 5, 2010, Beyoncé and her mother Tina opened the Beyoncé Cosmetology Center at the Brooklyn Phoenix House, offering a seven-month cosmetology training course for men and women. In April 2011, Beyoncé joined forces with US First Lady Michelle Obama and the National Association of Broadcasters Education Foundation, to help boost the latter\'s campaign against child obesity by reworking her single "Get Me Bodied". Following the death of Osama bin Laden, Beyoncé released her cover of the Lee Greenwood song "God Bless the USA", as a charity single to help raise funds for the New York Police and Fire Widows\' and Children\'s Benefit Fund.', ' Beyoncé took part in the telethon charity event George Clooney and Wyclef Jean called Hope for Haiti Now: A Global Benefit for Earthquake Relief, and was named the official face of the limited edition CFDA "Fashion for Haiti" Theory T-shirt, which raised a total of 1 million dollars. On March 5, 2010, Beyoncé and her mother Tina inaugurated the Beyoncé Cosmetology Center at the Phoenix House of Brooklyn, offering a seven-month hairdressing training to men and women. In April 2011, Beyoncé joined Michelle Obama and the National Association of Broadcasters Foundation to support their campaign against childhood obesity by re-recording her "Get Me Bodied" song. Following the death of Osama bin Laden, Beyoncé released her cover of Lee Greenwood\'s "God Bless the USA" as a charitable single to help raise funds for the New York Police and Fire Widows and Children\'s Benefit Fund.', 0.9825532, 1)
('One of the first incidents of the book being challenged was in Hanover, Virginia, in 1966: a parent protested that the use of rape as a plot device was immoral. Johnson cites examples of letters to local newspapers, which ranged from amusement to fury; those letters expressing the most outrage, however, complained about Mayella Ewell\'s attraction to Tom Robinson over the depictions of rape. Upon learning the school administrators were holding hearings to decide the book\'s appropriateness for the classroom, Harper Lee sent $10 to The Richmond News Leader suggesting it to be used toward the enrollment of "the Hanover County School Board in any first grade of its choice". The National Education Association in 1968 placed the novel second on a list of books receiving the most complaints from private organizations—after Little Black Sambo.', "One of the first incidents of the book being challenged occurred in Hanover, Virginia, in 1966: a parent protested against the use of rape as a plot device, considering it immoral. Johnson mentions letters to local newspapers, which ranged from amusement to fury; those expressing the most outrage were about Mayella Ewell's attraction to Tom Robinson instead of the depictions of rape. Upon discovering that school administrators were holding hearings to determine the book's appropriateness for the classroom, Harper Lee sent $10 to The Richmond News Leader, suggesting it be used towards the Hanover County School Board's enrollment in any first grade of its choice. In 1968, the National Education Association ranked the novel second on a list of books receiving the most complaints from private organizations—after Little Black Sambo.", 0.9825541, 1)
('Scholars have characterized To Kill a Mockingbird as both a Southern Gothic and coming-of-age or Bildungsroman novel. The grotesque and near-supernatural qualities of Boo Radley and his house, and the element of racial injustice involving Tom Robinson contribute to the aura of the Gothic in the novel. Lee used the term "Gothic" to describe the architecture of Maycomb\'s courthouse and in regard to Dill\'s exaggeratedly morbid performances as Boo Radley. Outsiders are also an important element of Southern Gothic texts and Scout and Jem\'s questions about the hierarchy in the town cause scholars to compare the novel to Catcher in the Rye and Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Despite challenging the town\'s systems, Scout reveres Atticus as an authority above all others, because he believes that following one\'s conscience is the highest priority, even when the result is social ostracism. However, scholars debate about the Southern Gothic classification, noting that Boo Radley is in fact human, protective, and benevolent. Furthermore, in addressing themes such as alcoholism, incest, rape, and racial violence, Lee wrote about her small town realistically rather than melodramatically. She portrays the problems of individual characters as universal underlying issues in every society.', 'Researchers have described To Kill a Mockingbird as a Southern Gothic novel or a coming-of-age story. The grotesque and almost surreal traits of Boo Radley and his house, as well as the racial injustice involving Tom Robinson, contribute to the gothic atmosphere of the novel. Lee used the term "gothic" to describe the architecture of Maycomb County Court and in reference to Dill\'s excessively morbid performances as Boo Radley. Strangers are also an important element in Southern Gothic literature, and Scout and Jem\'s questions about the hierarchy in the town lead researchers to compare the novel to Catcher in the Rye and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Despite challenging the town\'s systems, Scout reveres Atticus as a superior authority figure because she believes following her conscience is the highest priority, even if it means social ostracism. However, scholars debate the Southern Gothic classification, pointing out that Boo Radley is in fact human, protective, and benevolent. Furthermore, by addressing themes such as alcoholism, incest, rape, and racial violence, Lee wrote about her small town in a realistic rather than melodramatic way. She represents the problems of individual characters as underlying issues in every society.', 0.98256254, 1)
('When one Republican presidential candidate for the 2016 election ridiculed the liberalism of "New York values" in January 2016, Donald Trump, leading in the polls, vigorously defended his city. The National Review, a conservative magazine published in the city since its founding by William F. Buckley, Jr. in 1955, commented, "By hearkening back to New York\'s heart after 9/11, for a moment Trump transcended politics. How easily we forget, but for weeks after the terror attacks, New York was America."', ' When a Republican candidate for the 2016 presidential election risked mocking the liberal values of "New York" in January 2016, Donald Trump, who was leading in the polls, vigorously defended his city. The National Review, a conservative magazine published in the city since its founding by William F. Buckley, Jr. in 1955, commented: "Recalling the heart of New York after the September 11 attacks, for a brief period, Trump transcended politics. New York was America for weeks after the terrorist attacks."', 0.9826115, 1)
("Highlighting the potential for state and non-state actors to commit genocide in the 21st century, for example, in failed states or as non-state actors acquire weapons of mass destruction, Adrian Gallagher defined genocide as 'When a source of collective power (usually a state) intentionally uses its power base to implement a process of destruction in order to destroy a group (as defined by the perpetrator), in whole or in substantial part, dependent upon relative group size'. The definition upholds the centrality of intent, the multidimensional understanding of destroy, broadens the definition of group identity beyond that of the 1948 definition yet argues that a substantial part of a group has to be destroyed before it can be classified as genocide (dependent on relative group size).", ' Highlighting the ability of states and non-state actors to commit genocide in the 21st century, for instance, in failed states or when non-state actors acquire weapons of mass destruction, Adrian Gallagher defined genocide as: Following a source of collective power (usually a State) uses its power base to implement a process of destruction aimed at destroying a group (according to the perpetrator), in its entirety or in a significant part, according to the relative size of the group. The definition maintains the centrality of intent, broadens the understanding of destruction in a multidimensional way, extends the definition of group identity beyond that of 1948, but argues that a significant part of a group must be destroyed before it can be classified as genocide (according to the relative size of the group).', 0.9826308, 1)
('The Statistics Portugal (Portuguese: INE - Instituto Nacional de Estatística) estimates that, according to the 2011 census, the population was 10,562,178 (of which 52% was female, 48% was male). This population has been relatively homogeneous for most of its history: a single religion (Catholicism) and a single language have contributed to this ethnic and national unity, namely after the expulsion of the Moors and Jews. A considerable number of Moors and Jews, nevertheless, stayed in Portugal, under the condition that they converted to Catholicism, and afterwards they were known as Mouriscos (former Muslims) and Cristãos Novos (New Christians or former Jews) some of whom may have continued to observe rabbinic Judaism in secret, as in the case of the secret Jews of Belmonte, who now observe the Jewish faith openly. After 1772 the distinction between Old and New Christians was abolished by decree. Some famous Portuguese New Christians were the mathematician Pedro Nunes and the physician and naturalist Garcia de Orta.', ' The National Statistics Institute of Portugal (INE - Instituto Nacional de Estatística) estimates, according to the 2011 census, that the population was 10,562,178 people (of whom 52% were women and 48% were men). This population was relatively homogeneous for the majority of its history: a single religion (Catholicism) and a single language contributed to this ethnic and national unity, particularly after the expulsion of the Moors and Jews. However, a significant number of Moors and Jews remained in Portugal, under the condition of converting to Catholicism, and were then known as Mouriscos (Old Christians) and Cristãos Novos (New Christians or ancient Jews). After 1772, the distinction between Old and New Christians was abolished by decree. Some famous Portuguese New Christians were the mathematician Pedro Nunes and the doctor and naturalist Garcia de Orta.Note that the original text contains historical and cultural references specific to Portugal, so the translation will not be perfect for general use. However, I attempt to provide a correct and readable translation within the context of the original text.', 0.98263514, 1)
('Freedom of the press is ostensibly officially guaranteed by the government, but independent press outlets remain restricted, as does a substantial amount of web content. According to the Institute for War & Peace Reporting, access is blocked to local and foreign websites including avesta.tj, Tjknews.com, ferghana.ru, centrasia.ru and journalists are often obstructed from reporting on controversial events. In practice, no public criticism of the regime is tolerated and all direct protest is severely suppressed and does not receive coverage in the local media.', 'The freedom of the press is officially guaranteed by the government, but independent press outlets are still restricted, along with a significant amount of web content. According to the Institute for War & Peace Reporting, local and foreign websites such as avesta.tj, Tjknews.com, ferghana.ru and centrasia.ru are blocked. Journalists are also prevented from reporting on controversial events. In practice, no public criticism of the regime is tolerated, and all direct protests are severely suppressed and do not receive coverage in the local media.', 0.9826406, 1)
('The 21 nocturnes are more structured, and of greater emotional depth, than those of Field (whom Chopin met in 1833). Many of the Chopin nocturnes have middle sections marked by agitated expression (and often making very difficult demands on the performer) which heightens their dramatic character.', " The 21 nocturnes of Chopin are more structured and of greater emotional depth than those of Field (who met Chopin in 1833). Many of Chopin's nocturnes contain medial sections marked by agitated expression (and often making extreme demands on the interpreter) which increases their dramatic character.", 0.98269165, 1)
("The New York metropolitan area is home to a self-identifying gay and bisexual community estimated at 568,903 individuals, the largest in the United States and one of the world's largest. Same-sex marriages in New York were legalized on June 24, 2011 and were authorized to take place beginning 30 days thereafter.", ' The New York metropolitan area is home to a self-identifying homosexual and bisexual community estimated at 568,903 people, the largest in the United States and one of the largest in the world. Homosexual marriage in New York was legalized on June 24, 2011, and took effect 30 days later.', 0.9827453, 1)
('Further references to Fleming\'s material can be found throughout the film; an MI6 safehouse is called "Hildebrand Rarities and Antiques", a reference to the short story "The Hildebrand Rarity" from the For Your Eyes Only short story collection.[citation needed] Bond\'s torture by Blofeld mirrors his torture by the title character of Kingsley Amis\' continuation novel Colonel Sun.[citation needed]', 'Further references to Fleming\'s material can be found throughout the film. A MI6 safehouse is called "Hildebrand Rarities and Antiques," a reference to the short story "The Hildebrand Rarity" from the For Your Eyes Only short story collection.Bond\'s torture by Blofeld mirrors his torture by the title character of Kingsley Amis\' continuation novel Colonel Sun.Additionally, references to Fleming\'s work can be found throughout the film. A MI6 safehouse is named "Hildebrand Rarities and Antiques," a reference to the short story "The Hildebrand Rarity" from the For Your Eyes Only short story collection.Bond\'s torture by Blofeld is similar to his torture by the title character of Kingsley Amis\' continuation novel Colonel Sun.', 0.98275447, 0)
("The exact nature of relations between Tibet and the Ming dynasty of China (1368–1644) is unclear. Analysis of the relationship is further complicated by modern political conflicts and the application of Westphalian sovereignty to a time when the concept did not exist. Some Mainland Chinese scholars, such as Wang Jiawei and Nyima Gyaincain, assert that the Ming dynasty had unquestioned sovereignty over Tibet, pointing to the Ming court's issuing of various titles to Tibetan leaders, Tibetans' full acceptance of these titles, and a renewal process for successors of these titles that involved traveling to the Ming capital. Scholars within China also argue that Tibet has been an integral part of China since the 13th century and that it was thus a part of the Ming Empire. But most scholars outside China, such as Turrell V. Wylie, Melvin C. Goldstein, and Helmut Hoffman, say that the relationship was one of suzerainty, that Ming titles were only nominal, that Tibet remained an independent region outside Ming control, and that it simply paid tribute until the Jiajing Emperor (1521–1566), who ceased relations with Tibet.", ' The exact nature of the relations between Tibet and the Ming Dynasty of China (1368-1644) remains uncertain. An analysis of the relationship is even more complex due to current political conflicts and the application of Westphalian sovereignty to an era when this concept did not exist. Chinese mainland scholars, such as Wang Jiawei and Nyima Gyaincain, claim that the Ming Dynasty had undisputed sovereignty over Tibet, referring to Ming courts that granted various titles to Tibetan leaders, full and complete acceptance of these titles by the Tibetans, and a succession renewal process involving a journey to the Ming capital. Chinese scholars also argue that Tibet was part of China since the 13th century and therefore a part of the Ming Empire. However, most scholars outside of China, such as Turrell V. Wylie, Melvin C. Goldstein, and Helmut Hoffman, say that it was a suzerainty relationship, that the Ming titles were merely nominal, that Tibet remained an independent region outside Ming control, and that it paid only a tribute up to the Jiajing Emperor (1521-1566), who severed relations with Tibet.', 0.9827953, 1)
('From 1842 onwards, Chopin showed signs of serious illness. After a solo recital in Paris on 21 February 1842, he wrote to Grzymała: "I have to lie in bed all day long, my mouth and tonsils are aching so much." He was forced by illness to decline a written invitation from Alkan to participate in a repeat performance of the Beethoven Seventh Symphony arrangement at Erard\'s on 1 March 1843. Late in 1844, Charles Hallé visited Chopin and found him "hardly able to move, bent like a half-opened penknife and evidently in great pain", although his spirits returned when he started to play the piano for his visitor. Chopin\'s health continued to deteriorate, particularly from this time onwards. Modern research suggests that apart from any other illnesses, he may also have suffered from temporal lobe epilepsy.', ' Since 1842, Chopin showed signs of grave illness. After a solo recital in Paris on February 21, 1842, he wrote to Grzymała: "I have to lie down all day long, my mouth and tonsils are so painful." He had to decline an invitation from Alkan to participate in a performance of Beethoven\'s Seventh Symphony at Erards on March 1, 1843, due to his illness. Towards the end of 1844, Charles Hallé visited Chopin and found him "hardly mobile, leaning like a half-open pair of scissors and evidently in a lot of pain," although his spirits rallied when he began to play the piano for his visitor. Chopin\'s health continued to deteriorate, particularly from this time onwards. Modern research suggests that, in addition to any other disease, he may have also suffered from temporal epilepsy.', 0.98281944, 1)
('Chopin\'s original publishers included Maurice Schlesinger and Camille Pleyel. His works soon began to appear in popular 19th-century piano anthologies. The first collected edition was by Breitkopf & Härtel (1878–1902). Among modern scholarly editions of Chopin\'s works are the version under the name of Paderewski published between 1937 and 1966 and the more recent Polish "National Edition", edited by Jan Ekier, both of which contain detailed explanations and discussions regarding choices and sources.', 'The original publishers of Chopin\'s works were Maurice Schlesinger and Camille Pleyel. His compositions quickly began to appear in popular pianistic anthologies of the 19th century. The first collected edition was made by Breitkopf & Härtel (1878–1902). Among the modern editions of Chopin\'s works are those bearing the name of Paderewski, published between 1937 and 1966, and the most recent "National Polish Edition," directed by Jan Ekier, both containing detailed explanations and discussions concerning the choices and sources.', 0.98286664, 1)
("Spectre opened in Germany with $22.45 million (including previews), which included a new record for the biggest Saturday of all time, Australia with $8.7 million (including previews) and South Korea opened to $8.2 million (including previews). Despite the 13 November Paris attacks, which led to numerous theaters being closed down, the film opened with $14.6 million (including $2 million in previews) in France. In Mexico, where part of the film was shot, it debuted with more than double that of Skyfall with $4.5 million. It also bested its predecessor's opening in various Nordic regions where MGM is distributing, such as in Finland ($2.66 million) and Norway ($2.91 million), and in other markets like Denmark ($4.2 million), the Netherlands ($3.38 million), and Sweden ($3.1 million). In India, it opened at No. 1 with $4.8 million which is 4% above the opening of Skyfall. It topped the German-speaking Switzerland box office for four weeks and in the Netherlands, it has held the No. 1 spot for seven weeks straight where it has topped Minions to become the top movie of the year. The top earning markets are Germany ($70.3 million) and France ($38.8 million). In Paris, it has the second highest ticket sales of all time with $4.1 million tickets sold only behind Spider-Man 3 which sold over $6.32 million tickets in 2007.", 'Spectre opened in Germany with $22.45 million (including advances), setting a new record for the most profitable Saturday of all time. In Australia, it earned $8.7 million (including advances), and in South Korea, it made $8.2 million (including advances). Despite the November 13 attacks in Paris, which led to the closure of many cinemas, the film started with $14.6 million (including $2 million in advances) in France. In Mexico, where part of the film was shot, it debuted with over double what Skyfall made, earning $4.5 million. It surpassed its predecessors in openings in regions where MGM distributes, such as Finland (2.66 million euros), Norway (2.91 million euros), Denmark (4.2 million euros), the Netherlands (3.38 million euros), and Sweden (3.1 million euros). In India, it debuted at the number one spot with $4.8 million, representing a 4% increase over the opening of Skyfall. It held the box office for German-speaking Swiss cinemas for four weeks and the number one spot in the Netherlands for seven consecutive weeks, surpassing Minions to become the most profitable film of the year. The most profitable markets were Germany ($70.3 million) and France ($38.8 million). In Paris, it had the second-highest ticket sales of all time with 4.1 million tickets sold, behind Spider-Man 3 which sold over 6.32 million tickets in 2007.Note: The currency conversion from dollars to euros is not provided in the original text, so I assumed the exchange rate for the translation. (Assuming an exchange rate of 1 euro = 1.13 dollars)', 0.98287934, 1)
('In order to seek out the Karmapa, the Yongle Emperor dispatched his eunuch Hou Xian and the Buddhist monk Zhi Guang (d. 1435) to Tibet. Traveling to Lhasa either through Qinghai or via the Silk Road to Khotan, Hou Xian and Zhi Guang did not return to Nanjing until 1407.', ' The Emperor Yongle of China sent his eunuch Hou Xian and the Buddhist monk Zhi Guang (d. 1435) to Tibet in search of the Karmapa. Traveling to Lhasa either via Qinghai or the Silk Road as far as Khotan, Hou Xian and Zhi Guang did not return to Nanking until 1407.', 0.9828837, 1)
('Commercial CSP plants were first developed in the 1980s. Since 1985 the eventually 354 MW SEGS CSP installation, in the Mojave Desert of California, is the largest solar power plant in the world. Other large CSP plants include the 150 MW Solnova Solar Power Station and the 100 MW Andasol solar power station, both in Spain. The 250 MW Agua Caliente Solar Project, in the United States, and the 221 MW Charanka Solar Park in India, are the world’s largest photovoltaic plants. Solar projects exceeding 1 GW are being developed, but most of the deployed photovoltaics are in small rooftop arrays of less than 5 kW, which are grid connected using net metering and/or a feed-in tariff. In 2013 solar generated less than 1% of the worlds total grid electricity.', ' Solar thermal CSP power plants were first developed in the 1980s. Since 1985, the largest solar thermal CSP installation in the world, with a total capacity of 354 MW, has been located in the Mojave Desert in California, USA. Other large solar thermal CSP installations include the Solnova Solar Power Station with a capacity of 150 MW and the Andasol solar power station with a capacity of 100 MW, both in Spain. The Agua Caliente solar project with a capacity of 250 MW in the USA and the Charanka solar park with a capacity of 221 MW in India are the largest photovoltaic solar projects in the world. Solar projects exceeding 1 GW are in development, but the majority of photovoltaic panels deployed are small rooftop installations of less than 5 kW, which are connected to the grid through net metering and/or buyback tariffs. In 2013, solar energy accounted for less than 1% of total global electricity.', 0.9828913, 1)
("Tajikistan's economy grew substantially after the war. The GDP of Tajikistan expanded at an average rate of 9.6% over the period of 2000–2007 according to the World Bank data. This improved Tajikistan's position among other Central Asian countries (namely Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan), which seem to have degraded economically ever since. The primary sources of income in Tajikistan are aluminium production, cotton growing and remittances from migrant workers. Cotton accounts for 60% of agricultural output, supporting 75% of the rural population, and using 45% of irrigated arable land. The aluminium industry is represented by the state-owned Tajik Aluminum Company – the biggest aluminium plant in Central Asia and one of the biggest in the world.", " The economic growth of Tajikistan has seen significant progress after the war. According to World Bank data, Tajikistan's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) grew on average by 9.6% during the period from 2000 to 2007. This has improved Tajikistan's position compared to other Central Asian countries (notably Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan), which seem to have deteriorated economically since. The main sources of revenue in Tajikistan come from aluminum production, cotton cultivation, and monetary transfers from migrant workers. Cotton accounts for 60% of total agricultural production, supporting 75% of the rural population and using 45% of irrigated arable land. The aluminum industry is represented by the state-owned Tajik Aluminum Company – the largest aluminum factory in Central Asia and one of the largest in the world.", 0.982927, 1)
("A brief shoot at London's City Hall was filmed on 18 April 2015, while Mendes was on location. On 17 May 2015 filming took place on the Thames in London. Stunt scenes involving Craig and Seydoux on a speedboat as well as a low flying helicopter near Westminster Bridge were shot at night, with filming temporarily closing both Westminster and Lambeth Bridges. Scenes were also shot on the river near MI6's headquarters at Vauxhall Cross. The crew returned to the river less than a week later to film scenes solely set on Westminster Bridge. The London Fire Brigade was on set to simulate rain as well as monitor smoke used for filming. Craig, Seydoux, and Waltz, as well as Harris and Fiennes, were seen being filmed. Prior to this, scenes involving Fiennes were shot at a restaurant in Covent Garden. Filming then took place in Trafalgar Square. In early June, the crew, as well as Craig, Seydoux, and Waltz, returned to the Thames for a final time to continue filming scenes previously shot on the river.", " A brief filming took place at London's City Hall on 18th April 2015, with Mendes present. On 17th May 2015, filming occurred on the Thames in London. Scenes featuring Craig and Seydoux on a speedboat, plus a helicopter flying low near Westminster Bridge, were filmed at night. Both Westminster and Lambeth bridges were temporarily closed for filming. Scenes were also filmed on the river near MI6 headquarters at Vauxhall Cross. The crew returned to the river a week later to shoot scenes only planned for Westminster Bridge. The London Fire Brigade was on hand to simulate rain and oversee smoke used during filming. Craig, Seydoux and Waltz, along with Harris and Fiennes, were filmed working. Prior to this, Fiennes' scenes were filmed at a Covent Garden restaurant. Filming then took place at Trafalgar Square. In early June, the crew, along with Craig, Seydoux and Waltz, returned to the Thames to continue filming previously shot scenes.", 0.98298657, 1)
('Linguistic anthropology (also called anthropological linguistics) seeks to understand the processes of human communications, verbal and non-verbal, variation in language across time and space, the social uses of language, and the relationship between language and culture. It is the branch of anthropology that brings linguistic methods to bear on anthropological problems, linking the analysis of linguistic forms and processes to the interpretation of sociocultural processes. Linguistic anthropologists often draw on related fields including sociolinguistics, pragmatics, cognitive linguistics, semiotics, discourse analysis, and narrative analysis.', ' Anthropological linguistics, also known as the anthropology of language, seeks to understand human communication processes, both verbal and non-verbal, language variation in time and space, social uses of language, and the link between language and culture. It is the domain of anthropology that applies linguistic methods to anthropological problems, connecting the analysis of linguistic forms and processes to the interpretation of sociocultural processes. Anthropological linguists often overlap with related fields such as sociolinguistics, pragmatics, cognitive linguistics, semiotics, discourse analysis, and narrative analysis.', 0.9829973, 1)
("On Children's Day, June 1, 2008, many parents went to the rubble of schools to mourn for their children. The surviving children, who were mostly living in relief centres, performed ceremonies marking the special day, but also acknowledging the earthquake.", " The Children's Day, on June 1st, 2008, many parents went to the ruins of the schools to cry for their children. The surviving children, who were mainly housed in aid centers, held ceremonies marking the special day, but also recognizing the Earthquake.", 0.98307157, 1)
('The 50th anniversary of the novel\'s release was met with celebrations and reflections on its impact. Eric Zorn of the Chicago Tribune praises Lee\'s "rich use of language" but writes that the central lesson is that "courage isn\'t always flashy, isn\'t always enough, but is always in style". Jane Sullivan in the Sydney Morning Herald agrees, stating that the book "still rouses fresh and horrified indignation" as it examines morality, a topic that has recently become unfashionable. Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie writing in The Guardian states that Lee, rare among American novelists, writes with "a fiercely progressive ink, in which there is nothing inevitable about racism and its very foundation is open to question", comparing her to William Faulkner, who wrote about racism as an inevitability. Literary critic Rosemary Goring in Scotland\'s The Herald notes the connections between Lee and Jane Austen, stating the book\'s central theme, that "one’s moral convictions are worth fighting for, even at the risk of being reviled" is eloquently discussed.', ' The 50th anniversary of this book\'s publication was marked by celebrations and reflections on its impact. Eric Zorn of the Chicago Tribune praises Lee\'s "vibrant use of language," but writes that the central lesson is that "courage is not always spectacular, is not always enough, but remains in fashion." Jane Sullivan in the Sydney Morning Herald also agrees, stating that the book "continually stirs up real and horrifying indignation" when examining morality, a recently outdated theme. Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie writing in The Guardian notes that Lee, who is rare among American novelists, writes with "an increasingly fierce pen, in which nothing is inevitable about racism and its foundations are put to the test," comparing her to William Faulkner, who writes about racism as an inevitability. Literary critic Rosemary Goring in Scotland\'s The Herald notes the connections between Lee and Jane Austen, arguing that the central theme of the book, that "moral convictions must be fought for, even at the risk of being hated," is eloquently discussed.', 0.98310816, 1)
('The word genocide was later included as a descriptive term to the process of indictment, but not yet as a formal legal term According to Lemming, genocide was defined as "a coordinated strategy to destroy a group of people, a process that could be accomplished through total annihilation as well as strategies that eliminate key elements of the group\'s basic existence, including language, culture, and economic infrastructure.” He created a concept of mobilizing much of the international relations and community, to working together and preventing the occurrence of such events happening within history and the international society. Australian anthropologist Peg LeVine coined the term "ritualcide" to describe the destruction of a group\'s cultural identity without necessarily destroying its members.', ' The term "genocide" was later included in the indictment process, but not yet as a formal legal term, according to Lemming. He defined genocide as "a coordinated strategy aimed at destroying a group of people, a process that could be accomplished through total annihilation as well as strategies eliminating fundamental elements of the group\'s existence, including language, culture, and economic infrastructure." He created a concept that mobilized many international relations and the community to work together and prevent such occurrences in history and international society. The Australian anthropologist Peg LeVine created the term "ritualcide" to describe the destruction of a cultural identity of a group without necessarily destroying its members.Note: The term "ritualcide" is not widely recognized in French, so it may not have an exact translation. In this context, it could be translated as "the destruction of the ritual city" or "the annihilation of the ritual city," but this may not fully capture the meaning of the original term.', 0.9831163, 1)
('Furthermore, despite the novel\'s thematic focus on racial injustice, its black characters are not fully examined. In its use of racial epithets, stereotyped depictions of superstitious blacks, and Calpurnia, who to some critics is an updated version of the "contented slave" motif and to others simply unexplored, the book is viewed as marginalizing black characters. One writer asserts that the use of Scout\'s narration serves as a convenient mechanism for readers to be innocent and detached from the racial conflict. Scout\'s voice "functions as the not-me which allows the rest of us—black and white, male and female—to find our relative position in society". A teaching guide for the novel published by The English Journal cautions, "what seems wonderful or powerful to one group of students may seem degrading to another". A Canadian language arts consultant found that the novel resonated well with white students, but that black students found it "demoralizing". Another criticism, articulated by Michael Lind, is that the novel indulges in classist stereotyping and demonization of poor rural "white trash".', ' Despite the racial theme in the novels, the black characters are not sufficiently examined. In its use of racist terms, the book portrays stereotypical representations of black people as superstitious and of Calpurnia, who some critics consider an updated version of the "happy slave" theme and others simply unexplored, is seen as marginalizing black characters. A writer asserts that the use of Scout\'s narration serves as a practical mechanism for readers to remain innocent and detached from the racial conflict. Scout\'s voice "functions as the other non-self, allowing us - blacks and whites, men and women - to find our relative position in society". A dense teaching guide for the novel published by The English Journal warns, "what seems wonderful or powerful for one group may seem degrading for another". A Canadian linguistic consultant noted that the novel resonated well with white students, but that black students found it depressing. Another criticism, formulated by Michael Lind, is that the novel engages in classist stereotyping and demonization of "poor white rurality".', 0.9831468, 1)
('The artificial intelligence (AI) of enemies in Twilight Princess is more advanced than that of enemies in The Wind Waker. Enemies react to defeated companions and to arrows or slingshot pellets that pass by, and can detect Link from a greater distance than was possible in previous games.', ' Artificial Intelligence (IA) of enemies in Twilight Princess is more advanced than in The Wind Waker. Enemies react to defeated companions and arrows or ball and chain projectiles that come close, and can detect Link from a greater distance than in previous games.', 0.98319894, 0)
("As white settlers began populating Montana from the 1850s through the 1870s, disputes with Native Americans ensued, primarily over land ownership and control. In 1855, Washington Territorial Governor Isaac Stevens negotiated the Hellgate treaty between the United States Government and the Salish, Pend d'Oreille, and the Kootenai people of western Montana, which established boundaries for the tribal nations. The treaty was ratified in 1859. While the treaty established what later became the Flathead Indian Reservation, trouble with interpreters and confusion over the terms of the treaty led whites to believe that the Bitterroot Valley was opened to settlement, but the tribal nations disputed those provisions. The Salish remained in the Bitterroot Valley until 1891.", " From the 1850s to the 1870s, white settlers began to populate Montana, leading to conflicts with Native Americans primarily over land ownership and control. In 1855, the territorial governor of Washington, Isaac Stevens, negotiated the Hellgate Treaty between the U.S. government and the Salish, Pend d'Oreille, and Kootenai tribes of western Montana. The treaty established tribal boundaries. The treaty was ratified in 1859. However, issues with interpreters and confusion over treaty terms led whites to believe that the Bitterroot Valley was open for settlement, but the tribes disputed these provisions. The Salish remained in the Bitterroot Valley until 1891.", 0.9832154, 1)
('Inappropriate antibiotic treatment and overuse of antibiotics have contributed to the emergence of antibiotic-resistant bacteria. Self prescription of antibiotics is an example of misuse. Many antibiotics are frequently prescribed to treat symptoms or diseases that do not respond to antibiotics or that are likely to resolve without treatment. Also, incorrect or suboptimal antibiotics are prescribed for certain bacterial infections. The overuse of antibiotics, like penicillin and erythromycin, has been associated with emerging antibiotic resistance since the 1950s. Widespread usage of antibiotics in hospitals has also been associated with increases in bacterial strains and species that no longer respond to treatment with the most common antibiotics.', ' The inappropriate and overuse of antibiotics have led to the emergence of antibiotic-resistant bacteria. Prescribing antibiotics unnecessarily is an example of misuse. Many antibiotics are frequently prescribed to treat symptoms or diseases that do not respond to antibiotics or that can improve without treatment. Furthermore, inappropriate or suboptimal antibiotics are prescribed for some bacterial infections. Overuse of antibiotics, such as penicillin and erythromycin, has been linked to the emergence of antibiotic resistance since the 1950s. Widespread use of antibiotics in hospitals has also been linked to the emergence of strains and species of bacteria that no longer respond to treatment with common antibiotics.', 0.9832663, 1)
("Solar chemical processes use solar energy to drive chemical reactions. These processes offset energy that would otherwise come from a fossil fuel source and can also convert solar energy into storable and transportable fuels. Solar induced chemical reactions can be divided into thermochemical or photochemical. A variety of fuels can be produced by artificial photosynthesis. The multielectron catalytic chemistry involved in making carbon-based fuels (such as methanol) from reduction of carbon dioxide is challenging; a feasible alternative is hydrogen production from protons, though use of water as the source of electrons (as plants do) requires mastering the multielectron oxidation of two water molecules to molecular oxygen. Some have envisaged working solar fuel plants in coastal metropolitan areas by 2050 –  the splitting of sea water providing hydrogen to be run through adjacent fuel-cell electric power plants and the pure water by-product going directly into the municipal water system. Another vision involves all human structures covering the earth's surface (i.e., roads, vehicles and buildings) doing photosynthesis more efficiently than plants.", " Solar chemical processes utilize solar energy to initiate chemical reactions. These processes offset energy that would otherwise originate from fossil sources and can also convert solar energy into storable and transportable fuels. Solar-induced chemical reactions can be categorized as thermochemical or photochemical. A range of fuels can be generated through artificial synthesis. The multielectron catalytic chemistry involved in the fabrication of carbon-based fuels (such as methanol) from carbon dioxide reduction is demanding; a viable substitute is hydrogen production from protons, but controlling the multielectron oxidation of two water molecules into molecular oxygen is necessary. Some envision operational solar fuel power plants in metropolitan coastal zones by 2050 – the decomposition of seawater providing hydrogen which would be routed through adjacent fuel cell power plants and pure water residue going directly into the municipal water supply system. Another perspective involves all human structures covering the Earth's surface (i.e., roads, vehicles, and buildings) performing photosynthesis more effectively than plants.", 0.9832676, 1)
("Foxconn, Apple's manufacturer, initially denied the abuses, but when an auditing team from Apple found that workers had been working longer hours than were allowed under Chinese law, they promised to prevent workers working more hours than the code allowed. Apple hired a workplace standards auditing company, Verité, and joined the Electronic Industry Code of Conduct Implementation Group to oversee the measures. On December 31, 2006, workers at the Foxconn factory in Longhua, Shenzhen formed a union affiliated with the All-China Federation of Trade Unions, the Chinese government-approved union umbrella organization.", " Foxconn, Apple's manufacturer, initially denied the abuses, but when an Apple inspection team discovered that workers were working longer hours than permitted by Chinese law, they promised to warn workers not to work overtime. Apple hired a labor inspection agency, Verité, and joined the Electronic Industry Citizenship Coalition to monitor the measures. On December 31, 2006, workers at the Foxconn plant in Longhua, Shenzhen formed a labor union affiliated with the China Chamber of Commerce of Commerce, the Chinese government-approved labor union.", 0.98327243, 0)
('Other authors have focused on the structural conditions leading up to genocide and the psychological and social processes that create an evolution toward genocide. Ervin Staub showed that economic deterioration and political confusion and disorganization were starting points of increasing discrimination and violence in many instances of genocides and mass killing. They lead to scapegoating a group and ideologies that identified that group as an enemy. A history of devaluation of the group that becomes the victim, past violence against the group that becomes the perpetrator leading to psychological wounds, authoritarian cultures and political systems, and the passivity of internal and external witnesses (bystanders) all contribute to the probability that the violence develops into genocide. Intense conflict between groups that is unresolved, becomes intractable and violent can also lead to genocide. The conditions that lead to genocide provide guidance to early prevention, such as humanizing a devalued group, creating ideologies that embrace all groups, and activating bystander responses. There is substantial research to indicate how this can be done, but information is only slowly transformed into action.', ' The authors have focused on the structural conditions leading to genocide and the psychological and social processes that lead to an evolution towards genocide. Ervin Staub showed that economic deterioration and political confusion and disorder were the starting points for discrimination and violence in numerous cases of genocides and massacres. This leads to blaming a group and the ideologies that consider it an enemy. The historical devaluation of the group that becomes the victim, the previous violence committed against the group that becomes the perpetrator, authoritarian cultures and political systems, and passive bystanders (internal and external) contribute to the probability that violence evolves into genocide. Intense conflicts between groups that remain unresolved, become intractable, and violent can also lead to genocide. The conditions leading to genocide provide indications for early prevention, such as humanizing a devalued group, creating ideologies that embrace all groups, and activating the responses of bystanders. There are many researches on this topic, but the information is slowly turning into action.', 0.98329645, 1)
('Described as being "sexy, seductive and provocative" when performing on stage, Beyoncé has said that she originally created the alter ego "Sasha Fierce" to keep that stage persona separate from who she really is. She described Sasha as being "too aggressive, too strong, too sassy [and] too sexy", stating, "I\'m not like her in real life at all." Sasha was conceived during the making of "Crazy in Love", and Beyoncé introduced her with the release of her 2008 album I Am... Sasha Fierce. In February 2010, she announced in an interview with Allure magazine that she was comfortable enough with herself to no longer need Sasha Fierce. However, Beyoncé announced in May 2012 that she would bring her back for her Revel Presents: Beyoncé Live shows later that month.', ' Described as "sexual, seductive and provocative" during her stage performances, Beyoncé stated that she created an alter ego "Sasha Fierce" to keep this stage personality separate from who she really is. She described Sasha as being "too aggressive, too strong, too sassy [and] too sexual," stating: "I am not her in real life at all." Sasha was conceived during the making of "Crazy in Love," and Beyoncé introduced her with the release of her album I Am... Sasha Fierce in February 2010. However, Beyoncé announced in a February 2010 interview with Allure magazine that she was confident enough in herself to no longer need Sasha Fierce. However, Beyoncé announced in May 2012 that she would bring her back for her Revel Presents: Beyoncé Live shows later that month.', 0.98334634, 1)
('Vegetation of the state includes lodgepole pine, ponderosa pine; Douglas fir, larch, spruce; aspen, birch, red cedar, hemlock, ash, alder; rocky mountain maple and cottonwood trees. Forests cover approximately 25 percent of the state. Flowers native to Montana include asters, bitterroots, daisies, lupins, poppies, primroses, columbine, lilies, orchids, and dryads. Several species of sagebrush and cactus and many species of grasses are common. Many species of mushrooms and lichens are also found in the state.', ' The vegetation of the state includes palm trees, curved pines, Douglas fir, spruce, fir, maple, red cedar, beech, birch, maple with tender leaves, and rock spruce and cottonwood. Forests cover approximately 25 percent of the state. The native flowers of Montana include asters, bitterroots, daisies, lupins, poppies, primroses, columbines, lilacs, orchids, and dryads. Many species of willows and cacti, as well as many species of grasses, are common. Many species of mushrooms and lichens are also present in the state.', 0.98335695, 0)
('Apple\'s application to the United States Patent and Trademark Office for a patent on "rotational user inputs", as used on the iPod interface, received a third "non-final rejection" (NFR) in August 2005. Also in August 2005, Creative Technology, one of Apple\'s main rivals in the MP3 player market, announced that it held a patent on part of the music selection interface used by the iPod line, which Creative Technology dubbed the "Zen Patent", granted on August 9, 2005. On May 15, 2006, Creative filed another suit against Apple with the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. Creative also asked the United States International Trade Commission to investigate whether Apple was breaching U.S. trade laws by importing iPods into the United States.', ' In August 2005, Apple\'s application to the US Patent and Trademark Office for a patent on rotating user interfaces for the iPod received a third non-final rejection. Simultaneously, Creative Technology, a significant competitor in the MP3 player market, announced that it owned a patent on a portion of the music selection interface used by Apple\'s iPod line, referred to as the "Zen Patent," which was granted on August 9, 2005. On May 15, 2006, Creative initiated a lawsuit against Apple with the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. Additionally, Creative petitioned the United States International Trade Commission to investigate suspected infringement of American commercial laws by Apple\'s importation of iPods into the United States.', 0.9834109, 1)
('Solar water disinfection (SODIS) involves exposing water-filled plastic polyethylene terephthalate (PET) bottles to sunlight for several hours. Exposure times vary depending on weather and climate from a minimum of six hours to two days during fully overcast conditions. It is recommended by the World Health Organization as a viable method for household water treatment and safe storage. Over two million people in developing countries use this method for their daily drinking water.', ' The water treatment by solar disinfection (SODIS) involves leaving bottles filled with water in PET (polyethylene terephthalate) plastic bottles exposed to the sun for several hours. Exposure times vary according to the time and climate, ranging from a minimum of six hours to two days under completely overcast conditions. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends this method as a viable option for domestic water treatment and safe storage. Over two million people in developing countries use it daily for their drinking water.', 0.9834186, 1)
("Chopin's polonaises show a marked advance on those of his Polish predecessors in the form (who included his teachers Zywny and Elsner). As with the traditional polonaise, Chopin's works are in triple time and typically display a martial rhythm in their melodies, accompaniments and cadences. Unlike most of their precursors, they also require a formidable playing technique.", " The polonaises of Chopin show a marked advance compared to those of his Polish predecessors (who included his masters Zywny and Elsner). Like in traditional Polish music, Chopin's works are in triple time and typically feature a martial rhythm in their melodies, accompaniments, and cadences. In contrast to the majority of their predecessors, they demand formidable playing technique.", 0.98344064, 1)
('Lee has said that To Kill a Mockingbird is not an autobiography, but rather an example of how an author "should write about what he knows and write truthfully". Nevertheless, several people and events from Lee\'s childhood parallel those of the fictional Scout. Lee\'s father, Amasa Coleman Lee, was an attorney, similar to Atticus Finch, and in 1919, he defended two black men accused of murder. After they were convicted, hanged and mutilated, he never tried another criminal case. Lee\'s father was also the editor and publisher of the Monroeville newspaper. Although more of a proponent of racial segregation than Atticus, he gradually became more liberal in his later years. Though Scout\'s mother died when she was a baby, Lee was 25 when her mother, Frances Cunningham Finch, died. Lee\'s mother was prone to a nervous condition that rendered her mentally and emotionally absent. Lee had a brother named Edwin, who—like the fictional Jem—was four years older than his sister. As in the novel, a black housekeeper came daily to care for the Lee house and family.', ' Lee stated that To Kill a Mockingbird is not an autobiography, but rather an example of how an author "writes about what he knows and writes truthfully". However, many people and events from Lee\'s childhood resemble those of the character Scout. Lee\'s father, Amasa Coleman Lee, was an attorney, similar to Atticus Finch, and in 1919, he defended two black men accused of murder. After their conviction, lynching, and mutilation, he no longer tried to defend any criminal case. Lee\'s father was also the editor and publisher of Monroeville. Although he was more of a racial segregation supporter than Atticus, he became more liberal in his later years. Despite the fact that Scout\'s mother had died when she was a baby, Lee was 25 when his mother, Frances Cunningham Finch, died. Lee\'s mother suffered from a nervous condition that left her mentally and emotionally absent. Lee had a brother named Edwin, who, like the fictional character Jem, was four years older than his sister. As in the novel, a black governess came daily to take care of the Lee household and family.', 0.983462, 1)
("Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014. The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents. In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season. Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East. After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year. There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns. The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams. In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname. The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams. Created by Theodore W. Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers. The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure.", ' The Notre Dame athletic conferences for all teams except football and hockey changed in July 2013 due to an important realignment of conferences, and hockey remained affiliated to a new conference in July 2014. The Irish left the Big East to join the ACC during an unstable period of this conference; however, they maintained their football independence but committed to playing five games per season against ACC opponents. In ice hockey, the Irish had to find a new conference home after the Big Ten added this sport in 2013–14, resulting in a chain reaction of conference realignments leading to the dissolution of the Irish\'s old hockey conference, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season. Notre Dame transferred its hockey team to Hockey East. After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add hockey as a sponsored sport starting from the 2014–15 academic year. The origin of the "Fighting Irish" team name is well-known, as it was used for the football team in the 1920s and popularized by former student Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns. The official colors of Notre Dame are Marine Blue and Gold, which are worn in competition by its athletic teams. In addition, the color green is frequently worn due to the "Fighting Irish" nickname. The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams. Created by Theodore W. Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football schedule and later on football program covers. The leprechaun appeared on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure.', 0.98351717, 0)
('In addition, land availability has a large effect on the available solar energy because solar panels can only be set up on land that is unowned and suitable for solar panels. Roofs have been found to be a suitable place for solar cells, as many people have discovered that they can collect energy directly from their homes this way. Other areas that are suitable for solar cells are lands that are unowned by businesses where solar plants can be established.', ' In addition, the availability of land has an important impact on solar energy availability as solar panels can only be installed on unoccupied and solar panel-adapted lands. Roofs have been found to be an appropriate place for solar cells, as many people have discovered they can collect energy directly from their homes in this way. Other suitable areas for solar cells are unoccupied lands owned by businesses where solar power plants can be established.', 0.98352206, 1)
("The trial in Manhattan of John Peter Zenger in 1735 helped to establish the freedom of the press in North America. In 1754, Columbia University was founded under charter by King George II as King's College in Lower Manhattan. The Stamp Act Congress met in New York in October 1765 as the Sons of Liberty organized in the city, skirmishing over the next ten years with British troops stationed there.", ' The trial of John Peter Zenger in Manhattan in 1735 helped to establish the freedom of the press in North America. In 1754, Columbia University was founded under charter by King George II in Lower Manhattan. The Stamp Act Congress met in New York in October 1765 while the Sons of Liberty were organizing in the city, clashing for the next ten years with British troops stationed there.Translation: The trial of John Peter Zenger in Manhattan in 1735 helped establish the freedom of the press in North America. In 1754, Columbia University was founded under charter by King George II in Lower Manhattan. The Stamp Act Congress met in New York in October 1765, with the Sons of Liberty organizing in the city and clashing for the next ten years with British troops stationed there.', 0.98355925, 1)
('Silicon Alley, centered in Manhattan, has evolved into a metonym for the sphere encompassing the New York City metropolitan region\'s high technology industries involving the Internet, new media, telecommunications, digital media, software development, biotechnology, game design, financial technology ("fintech"), and other fields within information technology that are supported by its entrepreneurship ecosystem and venture capital investments. In the first half of 2015, Silicon Alley generated over US$3.7 billion in venture capital investment across a broad spectrum of high technology enterprises, most based in Manhattan, with others in Brooklyn, Queens, and elsewhere in the region. High technology startup companies and employment are growing in New York City and the region, bolstered by the city\'s position in North America as the leading Internet hub and telecommunications center, including its vicinity to several transatlantic fiber optic trunk lines, New York\'s intellectual capital, and its extensive outdoor wireless connectivity. Verizon Communications, headquartered at 140 West Street in Lower Manhattan, was at the final stages in 2014 of completing a US$3 billion fiberoptic telecommunications upgrade throughout New York City. As of 2014, New York City hosted 300,000 employees in the tech sector.', "Silicon Alley, situated in Manhattan, has become a metonym for the sphere encompassing New York City metropolitan area's high technology industries, including the Internet, new media, telecommunications, digital media, software development, biotechnology, game design, financial technology (techfin), and other information technology fields supported by its entrepreneurship ecosystem and venture capital investments. In the first half of 2015, Silicon Alley attracted over US$3.7 billion in venture capital investment for a wide range of high technology businesses, most based in Manhattan, with others in Brooklyn, Queens, and the surrounding region. High technology startup companies and employment are thriving in New York City and the region, fueled by the city's North American leading position as the Internet hub and telecommunications center, its proximity to several transatlantic fiber optic trunk lines, New York's intellectual capital, and its extensive outdoor wireless connectivity. Verizon Communications, headquartered at 140 West Street in Lower Manhattan, completed a US$3 billion fiber-optic telecommunications upgrade throughout New York City in 2014. As of 2014, New York City employed approximately 300,000 individuals in the tech sector.", 0.98357207, 1)
('In addition to the principal cast, Alessandro Cremona was cast as Marco Sciarra, Stephanie Sigman was cast as Estrella, and Detlef Bothe was cast as a villain for scenes shot in Austria. In February 2015 over fifteen hundred extras were hired for the pre-title sequence set in Mexico, though they were duplicated in the film, giving the effect of around ten thousand extras.', ' In addition to the main distribution, Alessandro Cremona was hired to play the role of Marco Sciarra, Stephanie Sigman for Estrella, and Detlef Bothe to embody a villain in scenes shot in Austria. In February 2015, over a thousand five hundred extras were hired for the pre-generic sequence located in Mexico, although they are reproduced in the film, giving the effect of approximately ten thousand extras.', 0.9835757, 1)
('On December 13, 2013, Beyoncé unexpectedly released her eponymous fifth studio album on the iTunes Store without any prior announcement or promotion. The album debuted atop the Billboard 200 chart, giving Beyoncé her fifth consecutive number-one album in the US. This made her the first woman in the chart\'s history to have her first five studio albums debut at number one. Beyoncé received critical acclaim and commercial success, selling one million digital copies worldwide in six days; The New York Times noted the album\'s unconventional, unexpected release as significant. Musically an electro-R&B album, it concerns darker themes previously unexplored in her work, such as "bulimia, postnatal depression [and] the fears and insecurities of marriage and motherhood". The single "Drunk in Love", featuring Jay Z, peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. In April 2014, after much speculation in the weeks before, Beyoncé and Jay Z officially announced their On the Run Tour. It served as the couple\'s first co-headlining stadium tour together. On August 24, 2014, she received the Video Vanguard Award at the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards. Knowles also took home three competitive awards: Best Video with a Social Message and Best Cinematography for "Pretty Hurts", as well as best collaboration for "Drunk in Love". In November, Forbes reported that Beyoncé was the top-earning woman in music for the second year in a row—earning $115 million in the year, more than double her earnings in 2013. Beyoncé was reissued with new material in three forms: as an extended play, a box set, as well as a full platinum edition.', 'On December 13, 2013, Beyoncé surprised everyone by releasing her unexpected and unannounced fifth studio album, self-titled, on iTunes Store. The album debuted at the top of the Billboard 200, marking Beyoncé\'s fifth consecutive number one album in the US. She became the first woman in chart history to have her first five studio albums debut at number one. Beyoncé received critical acclaim and commercial success, selling one million digital copies worldwide in six days. The New York Times noted her unexpected and unconventional release as significant. Musically, it\'s an electro-R&B album, exploring themes previously unexplored in her work, such as "anorexia, post-pregnancy depression, and fears and anxieties of marriage and motherhood." The single "Drunk in Love," featuring Jay Z, reached the second place on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. In April 2014, after weeks of rumors, Beyoncé and Jay Z officially announced their tour, On the Run. It was their first co-headlined stadium tour. On August 24, 2014, she received the Video Vanguard award at the MTV Video Music Awards 2014. Knowles also won three awards: best video with a social message and best cinematography for "Pretty Hurts," as well as best duo for "Drunk in Love." In November, Forbes reported that Beyoncé was the most financially successful woman in music for the second year in a row—earning $115 million in a year, more than double her earnings in 2013. Beyoncé was re-released with new material in three forms: as an extended play, a box set, and a full ornamental edition.', 0.9836186, 1)
('Many Portuguese holidays, festivals and traditions have a Christian origin or connotation. Although relations between the Portuguese state and the Roman Catholic Church were generally amiable and stable since the earliest years of the Portuguese nation, their relative power fluctuated. In the 13th and 14th centuries, the church enjoyed both riches and power stemming from its role in the reconquest, its close identification with early Portuguese nationalism and the foundation of the Portuguese educational system, including the first university. The growth of the Portuguese overseas empire made its missionaries important agents of colonization, with important roles in the education and evangelization of people from all the inhabited continents. The growth of liberal and nascent republican movements during the eras leading to the formation of the First Portuguese Republic (1910–26) changed the role and importance of organized religion.', ' Numerous Portuguese festivals, traditions, and celebrations have a Christian origin or meaning. Despite generally friendly and stable relations between the Portuguese state and the Roman Catholic Church since the earliest years of the Portuguese nation, their relative power has fluctuated. In the 13th and 14th centuries, the Church enjoyed wealth and power due to its role in the reconquista, its proximity to early Portuguese nationalism, and the founding of the Portuguese educational system, including the first university. The growth of the Portuguese empire abroad made its missionaries important agents of colonization, with significant roles in education and evangelization of people from all inhabited continents. The growth of liberal and republican movements in the lead-up to the formation of the First Portuguese Republic (1910–26) changed the role and importance of organized Church.', 0.98362523, 1)
("About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus. The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls. Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms. The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender. Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident. There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years. Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football. At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium.", ' Approximately 80% of bachelor\'s degree students and 20% of master\'s degree students live on campus. The majority of master\'s degree students living on campus reside in one of the four graduate housing complexes, while all bachelor\'s degree students living on campus reside in one of the 29 residence halls. Due to the university\'s religious affiliation, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male and 14 female residences. The university enforces a visitation policy (known as "hours of quiet") for students residing in the residence halls, specifying hours when students of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students\' rooms; however, all residence halls have common areas open 24 hours a day for students of any gender. Many residence halls have at least one sister and/or priest in residence. There are no traditional fraternities or sororities at the university, but the majority of students reside in the same residence hall for all four years. Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military full-contact intramural football program. At the end of the intramural sports season, the championship game is played on Notre Dame Stadium\'s field.', 0.9836735, 1)
('Despite Tom\'s conviction, Bob Ewell is humiliated by the events of the trial, Atticus explaining that he "destroyed [Ewell\'s] last shred of credibility at that trial." Ewell vows revenge, spitting in Atticus\' face, trying to break into the judge\'s house, and menacing Tom Robinson\'s widow. Finally, he attacks the defenseless Jem and Scout while they walk home on a dark night after the school Halloween pageant. One of Jem\'s arms is broken in the struggle, but amid the confusion someone comes to the children\'s rescue. The mysterious man carries Jem home, where Scout realizes that he is Boo Radley.', 'Despite Tom\'s belief, Bob Ewell is humiliated by the trial events, Atticus explaining that he "destroyed [the last vestige of Ewell\'s credibility] in court". Ewell swears his revenge, insulting Atticus in front of him, trying to enter the judge\'s house and threatening Tom Robinson\'s widow. Finally, he attacks the defeated children, Jem and Scout, as they return home on a dark night after the school\'s Lantern Parade. One of Jem\'s arms is broken in the fight, but in the confusion, someone comes to help the children. The mysterious man takes them home to Jem\'s house, where Scout realizes he is Boo Radley.', 0.9837501, 1)
('Common forms of antibiotic misuse include excessive use of prophylactic antibiotics in travelers and failure of medical professionals to prescribe the correct dosage of antibiotics on the basis of the patient\'s weight and history of prior use. Other forms of misuse include failure to take the entire prescribed course of the antibiotic, incorrect dosage and administration, or failure to rest for sufficient recovery. Inappropriate antibiotic treatment, for example, is their prescription to treat viral infections such as the common cold. One study on respiratory tract infections found "physicians were more likely to prescribe antibiotics to patients who appeared to expect them". Multifactorial interventions aimed at both physicians and patients can reduce inappropriate prescription of antibiotics.', 'The common forms of antibiotic misuse include the excessive use of prophylactic antibiotics by travelers and the failure of medical professionals to prescribe the correct dosage of antibiotics based on a patient\'s weight and history of prior use. Other forms of misuse include not finishing the entire prescribed course of the antibiotic, incorrect dosage and administration, or failing to rest for sufficient recovery. Inappropriate antibiotic treatment, such as prescribing antibiotics for viral infections like the common cold, is also a problem. A study on respiratory tract infections found "physicians were more likely to prescribe antibiotics to patients who seemed to expect them". Multifactorial interventions aimed at both physicians and patients can reduce inappropriate prescription of antibiotics.', 0.9837859, 1)
('Even with the five largest cities in Sichuan suffering only minor damage from the quake, some estimates of the economic loss run higher than US$75 billion, making the earthquake one of the costliest natural disasters in Chinese history.', ' Despite the fact that the five largest cities in Sichuan were only lightly damaged by the earthquake, some estimates of the economic losses exceed 75 billion dollars US, making it one of the most costly natural disasters in Chinese history.', 0.983856, 1)
('The first sulfonamide and first commercially available antibacterial, Prontosil, was developed by a research team led by Gerhard Domagk in 1932 at the Bayer Laboratories of the IG Farben conglomerate in Germany. Domagk received the 1939 Nobel Prize for Medicine for his efforts. Prontosil had a relatively broad effect against Gram-positive cocci, but not against enterobacteria. Research was stimulated apace by its success. The discovery and development of this sulfonamide drug opened the era of antibacterials.', ' The first sulfonamide and the first commercially available antibiotic, Prontosil, was developed by a research team led by Gerhard Domagk at the Bayer Laboratories of IG Farben in Germany in 1932. Domagk received the Nobel Prize in Medicine in 1939 for his efforts. Prontosil had a relatively broad effect against gram-positive cocci, but not against enterobacteria. Research was stimulated at a great pace due to its success. The discovery and development of this sulfonamide drug marked the beginning of antibiotics.', 0.9839068, 1)
('In 2011, a report by the International Energy Agency found that solar energy technologies such as photovoltaics, solar hot water and concentrated solar power could provide a third of the world’s energy by 2060 if politicians commit to limiting climate change. The energy from the sun could play a key role in de-carbonizing the global economy alongside improvements in energy efficiency and imposing costs on greenhouse gas emitters. "The strength of solar is the incredible variety and flexibility of applications, from small scale to big scale".', ' In 2011, a report from the International Energy Agency showed that solar energy technologies such as photovoltaics, solar thermal, and concentrated solar power could provide one third of global energy by 2060 if politicians commit to limiting climate change. Solar energy could play a key role in global economic decarbonization through energy efficiency improvements and imposing costs on greenhouse gas emitters. "The power of the sun lies in its incredible diversity and flexibility of applications, from small scale to large scale".', 0.9839819, 1)
('Many Fortune 500 corporations are headquartered in New York City, as are a large number of foreign corporations. One out of ten private sector jobs in the city is with a foreign company. New York City has been ranked first among cities across the globe in attracting capital, business, and tourists. This ability to attract foreign investment helped New York City top the FDi Magazine American Cities of the Future ranking for 2013.', ' Several hundred corporations from the Fortune 500 have their headquarters in New York, as well as a large number of foreign corporations. A tenth of the private sector jobs in the city are with a foreign company. New York has been ranked first among world cities in terms of attracting capital, business, and tourists. This ability to attract foreign investments has allowed New York to take the first place in the FDI Magazine ranking of American cities of the future 2013.', 0.9839846, 1)
('The iconic New York City Subway system is the largest rapid transit system in the world when measured by stations in operation, with 469, and by length of routes. New York\'s subway is notable for nearly the entire system remaining open 24 hours a day, in contrast to the overnight shutdown common to systems in most cities, including Hong Kong, London, Paris, Seoul, and Tokyo. The New York City Subway is also the busiest metropolitan rail transit system in the Western Hemisphere, with 1.75 billion passengers rides in 2014, while Grand Central Terminal, also popularly referred to as "Grand Central Station", is the world\'s largest railway station by number of train platforms.', ' The famous New York subway system, also known as the "New York City Subway," is the largest rapid transit system in the world in terms of operational stations, with 469, and length of lines. The New York subway is notable for the fact that almost the entire system remains open 24 hours a day, unlike regular service stops in most cities, including Hong Kong, London, Paris, and Seoul, and Tokyo. The New York subway is also the most frequently used railway system in the western hemisphere, with 1.75 billion trips made in 2014. In addition, Grand Central Terminal, also known as "Grand Central Station," is the world\'s largest train station in terms of number of train platforms.', 0.98399144, 1)
("With the death of Zhengde and ascension of Jiajing, the politics at court shifted in favor of the Neo-Confucian establishment which not only rejected the Portuguese embassy of Fernão Pires de Andrade (d. 1523), but had a predisposed animosity towards Tibetan Buddhism and lamas. Evelyn S. Rawski, a professor in the Department of History of the University of Pittsburgh, writes that the Ming's unique relationship with Tibetan prelates essentially ended with Jiajing's reign while Ming influence in the Amdo region was supplanted by the Mongols.", ' With the death of Zhengde and the accession of Jiajing, court politics shifted in favor of the establishment of neo-Confucianism, which not only rejected the embassy of Fernão Pires de Andrade (d. 1523) of the Portuguese, but harbored a predisposed animosity towards Tibetan Buddhism and the lamas. Evelyn S. Rawski, professor of History at the University of Pittsburgh in the Department of History, writes that the unique relationship between the Ming and Tibetan prelates essentially came to an end during the reign of Jiajing, while the Ming influence in the Amdo region was replaced by the Mongols.', 0.9840118, 1)
('Nintendo staff members reported that demo users complained about the difficulty of the control scheme. Aonuma realized that his team had implemented Wii controls under the mindset of "forcing" users to adapt, instead of making the system intuitive and easy to use. He began rethinking the controls with Miyamoto to focus on comfort and ease.[q] The camera movement was reworked and item controls were changed to avoid accidental button presses.[r] In addition, the new item system required use of the button that had previously been used for the sword. To solve this, sword controls were transferred back to gestures—something E3 attendees had commented they would like to see. This reintroduced the problem of using a right-handed swing to control a left-handed sword attack. The team did not have enough time before release to rework Link\'s character model, so they instead flipped the entire game—everything was made a mirror image.[s] Link was now right-handed, and references to "east" and "west" were switched around. The GameCube version, however, was left with the original orientation. The Twilight Princess player\'s guide focuses on the Wii version, but has a section in the back with mirror-image maps for GameCube users.[t]', 'The Nintendo staff reported that users of the demo were complaining about the control scheme. Aonuma realized that his team had implemented the Wii controls with the intention of forcing users to adapt, instead of making the system intuitive and easy to use. He began to reevaluate the controls with Miyamoto to focus on comfort and ease.,The camera movement was redesigned and object controls were modified to prevent accidental button presses.,Additionally, the new object system required the use of a button that had previously been used for the sword. To resolve this, the sword controls were returned to gestures—as some E3 visitors had commented that they would have preferred to see. This, however, reintroduced the problem of using the right hand to control a left-handed sword attack. The team didn\'t have enough time before release to redesign the Link character model, so they instead reversed the entire game—everything was now a mirror image.,Link was now right-handed, and references to "east" and "west" were reversed. The GameCube version, however, was left with the original orientation. The Twilight Princess game guide focuses on the Wii version, but includes a mirror image section for GameCube users.', 0.9840214, 1)
('The Ming court appointed three Princes of Dharma (法王) and five Princes (王), and granted many other titles, such as Grand State Tutors (大國師) and State Tutors (國師), to the important schools of Tibetan Buddhism, including the Karma Kagyu, Sakya, and Gelug. According to Wang Jiawei and Nyima Gyaincain, leading officials of these organs were all appointed by the central government and were subject to the rule of law. Yet Van Praag describes the distinct and long-lasting Tibetan law code established by the Phagmodru ruler Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen as one of many reforms to revive old Imperial Tibetan traditions.', ' The Ming Court named three Princes of Law (法王) and five Princes (王), and granted numerous other titles, such as Grand Masters of State Education (大國師) and Masters of State Education (國師), to important Tibetan Buddhist schools like Karma Kagyu, Sakya, and Gelug. According to Wang Jiawei and Nyima Gyaincain, all high officials of these organizations were appointed by the central government and were subject to the law. However, Van Praag describes the distinct and enduring legal code established by King Phagmodru Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen as one of the reforms aimed at reviving ancient imperial Tibetan traditions.', 0.98402905, 1)
('New York has architecturally noteworthy buildings in a wide range of styles and from distinct time periods, from the saltbox style Pieter Claesen Wyckoff House in Brooklyn, the oldest section of which dates to 1656, to the modern One World Trade Center, the skyscraper at Ground Zero in Lower Manhattan and currently the most expensive new office tower in the world.', " New York has architecturally remarkable buildings in a wide range of styles and distinct periods, from Pieter Claesen Wyckoff's saltbox style house in Brooklyn, the oldest part of which is from 1656, to the modern One World Trade Center, the skyscraper on Lower Manhattan's Zero Lot and currently the most expensive new office building in the world.", 0.9840332, 1)
('The British Library notes that "Chopin\'s works have been recorded by all the great pianists of the recording era." The earliest recording was an 1895 performance by Paul Pabst of the Nocturne in E major Op. 62 No. 2. The British Library site makes available a number of historic recordings, including some by Alfred Cortot, Ignaz Friedman, Vladimir Horowitz, Benno Moiseiwitsch, Paderewski, Arthur Rubinstein, Xaver Scharwenka and many others. A select discography of recordings of Chopin works by pianists representing the various pedagogic traditions stemming from Chopin is given by Methuen-Campbell in his work tracing the lineage and character of those traditions.', ' The British Library notes that "Chopin\'s works have been recorded by all major pianists since the early recording era." The oldest recording was made in 1895 by Paul Pabst of the Nocturne in D-flat major Op. 62 No. 2. The British Library website provides access to a number of historical recordings, including those of Alfred Cortot, Ignaz Friedman, Vladimir Horowitz, Benno Moiseiwitsch, Paderewski, and Arthur Rubinstein, among others. A select discography of Chopin\'s works recorded by pianists representing various pedagogical traditions stemming from Chopin is given by Methuen-Campbell in his work tracing the lineage and character of these traditions.', 0.98410606, 0)
("New York City is home to Fort Hamilton, the U.S. military's only active duty installation within the city. Established in 1825 in Brooklyn on the site of a small battery utilized during the American Revolution, it is one of America's longest serving military forts. Today Fort Hamilton serves as the headquarters of the North Atlantic Division of the United States Army Corps of Engineers as well as for the New York City Recruiting Battalion. It also houses the 1179th Transportation Brigade, the 722nd Aeromedical Staging Squadron, and a military entrance processing station. Other formerly active military reservations still utilized for National Guard and military training or reserve operations in the city include Fort Wadsworth in Staten Island and Fort Totten in Queens.", ' New York City hosts Fort Hamilton, the only active military installation of the United States in the city. Founded in 1825 in Brooklyn on the site of a small Revolutionary War battery, it is one of the oldest military fortifications in the United States. Today, Fort Hamilton serves as the headquarters of the North Atlantic Division of the US Army Corps of Engineers, as well as the New York Recruiting Battalion. It also houses the 1179th Logistic Support Brigade and the 722nd Military Medical Reserve Squadron, as well as a military entry processing station. Other old military reserves still used for national training and reserve force operations in the city include Fort Wadsworth on Staten Island and Fort Totten in Queens.', 0.9841157, 1)
('Solar power is the conversion of sunlight into electricity, either directly using photovoltaics (PV), or indirectly using concentrated solar power (CSP). CSP systems use lenses or mirrors and tracking systems to focus a large area of sunlight into a small beam. PV converts light into electric current using the photoelectric effect.', ' Solar power is the conversion of solar energy into electricity, either directly through photovoltaics (PV), or indirectly through concentrated solar power (CSP). CSP systems use lenses or mirrors and tracking systems to concentrate a large surface of light into a small area. PV converts light into electrical current using the photoelectric effect.', 0.9841171, 1)
('A year before Alfonso III "the Great" of Asturias death, three of Alfonso\'s sons rose in rebellion and forced him to abdicate, partitioning the kingdom among them. The eldest son, García, became king of León. The second son, Ordoño, reigned in Galicia, while the third, Fruela, received Asturias with Oviedo as his capital. Alfonso died in Zamora, probably in 910. His former realm would be reunited when first García died childless and León passed to Ordoño. He in turn died when his children were too young to ascend; Fruela became king of a reunited crown. His death the next year initiated a series of internecine struggles that led to unstable succession for over a century. It continued under that name[clarification needed] until incorporated into the Kingdom of Castile in 1230, after Ferdinand III became joint king of the two kingdoms. This was done to avoid dynastic feuds and to maintain the Christian Kingdoms strong enough to prevent complete Muslim take over of the Iberian Peninsula and to further the Reconquista of Iberia by Christian armies.', ' One year before Alfonso III of Asturias, also known as "the Great," passed away, three of his sons rebelled and forced him to abdicate, dividing the kingdom among themselves. The eldest, García, became king of León. The second, Ordoño, ruled in Galicia, while the third, Fruela, obtained Asturias with Oviedo as its capital. Alfonso died at Zamora, probably in 910. His old kingdom was reunified when García died without an heir and León passed to Ordoño. Ordoño in turn died when his children were still too young to reign; Fruela then became king of a reunified kingdom. His death the following year initiated a series of fratricidal struggles that led to an unstable succession for over a century. This kingdom continued to exist[explanation needed] until it was incorporated into the Kingdom of Castille in 1230, after the joint appointment of Ferdinand III as king of both realms. This was done to prevent dynastic quarrels and to keep the Christian realms strong enough to prevent complete Muslim takeover of the Iberian peninsula and to continue the Reconquista of Iberia by Christian armies.', 0.98423743, 1)
('In 1992, an Alabama editorial called for the death of Atticus, saying that as liberal as Atticus was, he still worked within a system of institutionalized racism and sexism and should not be revered. The editorial sparked a flurry of responses from attorneys who entered the profession because of him and esteemed him as a hero. Critics of Atticus maintain he is morally ambiguous and does not use his legal skills to challenge the racist status quo in Maycomb. However, in 1997, the Alabama State Bar erected a monument to Atticus in Monroeville, marking his existence as the "first commemorative milestone in the state\'s judicial history". In 2008, Lee herself received an honorary special membership to the Alabama State Bar for creating Atticus who "has become the personification of the exemplary lawyer in serving the legal needs of the poor".', ' In 1992, an Algerian editorial called for the death of Atticus, stating that although he was liberal, he still functioned within a rigid and institutionalized system of racism and sexism and should not be revered. This editorial prompted a strong reaction from lawyers who had entered the profession because of him and held him in high esteem. The critics of Atticus claim that he is morally ambiguous and does not use his legal skills to challenge the racist situation in Maycomb County. However, in 1997, the Alabama State Bar Association erected a monument to Atticus in Monroeville, marking his existence as the first commemorative milestone in the state\'s legal history. In 2008, Lee herself received a special honorary membership at the Alabama State Bar for creating Atticus, who "has become the embodiment of an exemplary lawyer in responding to the legal needs of the poor."', 0.98424625, 1)
('Solar hot water systems use sunlight to heat water. In low geographical latitudes (below 40 degrees) from 60 to 70% of the domestic hot water use with temperatures up to 60 °C can be provided by solar heating systems. The most common types of solar water heaters are evacuated tube collectors (44%) and glazed flat plate collectors (34%) generally used for domestic hot water; and unglazed plastic collectors (21%) used mainly to heat swimming pools.', ' Solar water heating systems use the sun to heat water. In geographical latitudes below 40 degrees, up to 60 to 70% of domestic hot water needs with temperatures up to 60 °C can be met by solar heating systems. The most common types of solar water heaters are evacuated tube collectors (44%) and flat plate collectors (34%), which are mainly used for domestic hot water; and plastic uninsulated collectors (21%) which are primarily used for heating swimming pools.', 0.9842557, 1)
('At the age of 21 he settled in Paris. Thereafter, during the last 18 years of his life, he gave only some 30 public performances, preferring the more intimate atmosphere of the salon. He supported himself by selling his compositions and teaching piano, for which he was in high demand. Chopin formed a friendship with Franz Liszt and was admired by many of his musical contemporaries, including Robert Schumann. In 1835 he obtained French citizenship. After a failed engagement to Maria Wodzińska, from 1837 to 1847 he maintained an often troubled relationship with the French writer George Sand. A brief and unhappy visit to Majorca with Sand in 1838–39 was one of his most productive periods of composition. In his last years, he was financially supported by his admirer Jane Stirling, who also arranged for him to visit Scotland in 1848. Through most of his life, Chopin suffered from poor health. He died in Paris in 1849, probably of tuberculosis.', ' At the age of 21, he settled in Paris. Then, for the last 18 years of his life, he gave nearly 30 public performances, preferring the more intimate atmosphere of salons. He gave himself over to himself by selling his compositions and teaching piano, for which he was greatly in demand. Chopin formed a friendship with Franz Liszt and was admired by many of his musical contemporaries, including Robert Schumann. In 1835, he obtained French citizenship. After an unsuccessful engagement to Maria Wodzińska from 1837 to 1847, he had a troubled relationship with the French novelist George Sand. A short and happy visit to Majorca with Sand in 1838–39 was one of his most productive periods of composition. In his later years, he was financially supported by his admirer Jane Stirling, who also arranged a visit to Scotland in 1848. Throughout his life, Chopin suffered from poor health. He died in Paris in 1849, probably of tuberculosis.', 0.9842607, 1)
('The governors of the taifas each proclaimed themselves Emir of their provinces and established diplomatic relations with the Christian kingdoms of the north. Most of Portugal fell into the hands of the Taifa of Badajoz of the Aftasid Dynasty, and after a short spell of an ephemeral Taifa of Lisbon in 1022, fell under the dominion of the Taifa of Seville of the Abbadids poets. The Taifa period ended with the conquest of the Almoravids who came from Morocco in 1086 winning a decisive victory at the Battle of Sagrajas, followed a century later in 1147, after the second period of Taifa, by the Almohads, also from Marrakesh.', ' The governors of the taifas declared themselves Emir of their provinces and established diplomatic relations with the northern Christian kingdoms. The largest part of Portugal fell into the hands of the Taifa of Badajoz from the Aftasid Dynasty, and after a short-lived Taifa of Lisbon in 1022, came under the rule of the Taifa of Seville of the Abbadid poets. The Taifa period came to an end with the conquest of the Almoravids, who came from Morocco in 1086, winning a decisive victory at the Battle of Sagrajas, followed a century later in 1147, after the second Taifa period, by the Almohades also from Marrakech.', 0.98431015, 1)
("Feminist anthropology is a four field approach to anthropology (archeological, biological, cultural, linguistic) that seeks to reduce male bias in research findings, anthropological hiring practices, and the scholarly production of knowledge. Anthropology engages often with feminists from non-Western traditions, whose perspectives and experiences can differ from those of white European and American feminists. Historically, such 'peripheral' perspectives have sometimes been marginalized and regarded as less valid or important than knowledge from the western world. Feminist anthropologists have claimed that their research helps to correct this systematic bias in mainstream feminist theory. Feminist anthropologists are centrally concerned with the construction of gender across societies. Feminist anthropology is inclusive of birth anthropology as a specialization.", ' Feminist anthropology is a four-field approach in anthropology (archaeological, biological, cultural, linguistic) that seeks to reduce masculine bias in research, anthropological practices, and the production of scholarly knowledge. Anthropology frequently maintains relationships with feminists from non-Western traditions, whose perspectives and experiences may differ from those of European and American feminists. Historically, such perspectives have sometimes been marginalized and considered less valid or important than Western knowledge. Feminist anthropologists have claimed that their research helps to correct this systematic bias in mainstream feminist theory. Feminist anthropologists are particularly concerned with the construction of gender in societies. Feminist anthropology includes feminist anthropology of birth as a specialization.', 0.98434556, 1)
('Portugal spearheaded European exploration of the world and the Age of Discovery. Prince Henry the Navigator, son of King João I, became the main sponsor and patron of this endeavour. During this period, Portugal explored the Atlantic Ocean, discovering several Atlantic archipelagos like the Azores, Madeira, and Cape Verde, explored the African coast, colonized selected areas of Africa, discovered an eastern route to India via the Cape of Good Hope, discovered Brazil, explored the Indian Ocean, established trading routes throughout most of southern Asia, and sent the first direct European maritime trade and diplomatic missions to China and Japan.', ' Portugal led the European charge in world exploration during the Age of Discoveries. Prince Henry the Navigator, son of King João I, became the patron and instigator of this endeavor. During this period, Portugal explored the Atlantic Ocean, discovering several Atlantic archipelagos such as the Azores, Madeira, and Cape Verde, explored the African coast, colonized African zones, discovered a maritime route to India via the Cape of Good Hope, discovered Brazil, explored the Indian Ocean, established commercial routes through most of South Asia, and sent the first European maritime commercial and diplomatic missions to China and Japan.', 0.98436093, 1)
('Aonuma had anticipated creating a Zelda game for what would later be called the Wii, but had assumed that he would need to complete Twilight Princess first. His team began work developing a pointing-based interface for the bow and arrow, and Aonuma found that aiming directly at the screen gave the game a new feel, just like the DS control scheme for Phantom Hourglass. Aonuma felt confident this was the only way to proceed, but worried about consumers who had been anticipating a GameCube release. Developing two versions would mean delaying the previously announced 2005 release, still disappointing the consumer. Satoru Iwata felt that having both versions would satisfy users in the end, even though they would have to wait for the finished product. Aonuma then started working on both versions in parallel.[o]', ' Aonuma planned to create a Zelda game for what would later be called the Wii, but he thought he had to finish Twilight Princess first. His team started working on a precise pointer and arrow interface, and Aonuma found that directly aiming at the screen gave the game a new sensation, just like the DS control scheme of Phantom Hourglass. Aonuma felt confident about this method, but was concerned about consumers waiting for a GameCube release. Developing both versions meant delaying the previously announced 2005 release, still disappointing the consumer. Iwata thought that satisfying both users with two versions was the solution, even if it meant waiting for the finished product. Aonuma then began working on both versions simultaneously.', 0.9843784, 1)
('In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M.Div., Business, M.Ed.) students. Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries. As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest \'dream school\' for parents to send their children. As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest. The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative." It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students. With 6,000 participants, the university\'s intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports." The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men\'s Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh.', ' In 2014, Notre Dame had a student population of 12,179, including 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional students, and 1,593 professional students (Law, M.Div., Business, M.Ed.). Approximately 21-24% of the students were international students, and although 37% came from the Midwest, the student body represented students from all 50 states and 100 countries. In March 2007[update], The Princeton Review ranked the school fifth among schools most desired by parents to send their children. In March 2015[update], The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame ninth. The school had previously been criticized for lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranked it high among schools where "Alternative Lifestyles [are] not an Alternative." It was also recognized by diversity-focused publications; Hispanic Magazine ranked it ninth on its list of the 25 best colleges for Latinos in 2004, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized it in 2006 for increasing enrollment of black students. With 6,000 participants, the university\'s intercollegiate sports program.', 0.98441315, 1)
('The Longmen Shan Fault System is situated in the eastern border of the Tibetan Plateau and contains several faults. This earthquake ruptured at least two imbricate structures in Longmen Shan Fault System, i.e. the Beichuan Fault and the Guanxian–Anxian Fault. In the epicentral area, the average slip in Beichuan Fault was about 3.5 metres (11 ft) vertical, 3.5 metres (11 ft) horizontal-parallel to the fault, and 4.8 metres (16 ft) horizontal-perpendicular to the fault. In the area about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northeast of the epicenter, the surface slip on Beichuan Fault was almost purely dextral strike-slip up to about 3 metres (9.8 ft), while the average slip in Guanxian–Anxian Fault was about 2 metres (6 ft 7 in) vertical and 2.3 metres (7 ft 7 in) horizontal.', ' The Longmen Shan Fault System is located along the eastern border of the Tibetan Plateau and contains several faults. This earthquake triggered at least two embedded faults within the Longmen Shan Fault System, namely the Beichuan Fault and the Guanxian–Anxian Fault. In the central area, the average displacement of the Beichuan Fault was approximately 3.5 meters (11 feet) vertical, 3.5 meters (11 feet) horizontal parallel to the fault, and 4.8 meters (16 feet) horizontal perpendicular to the fault. In the surrounding area, approximately 30 kilometers (19 miles) north-east of the epicenter, the surface slip on the Beichuan Fault was almost purely right-lateral strike-slip up to about 3 meters (9.8 feet), while the average displacement of the Guanxian–Anxian Fault was approximately 2 meters (6 feet 7 inches) vertical and 2.3 meters (7 feet 7 inches) horizontal.', 0.98447067, 1)
("Sociocultural anthropology draws together the principle axes of cultural anthropology and social anthropology. Cultural anthropology is the comparative study of the manifold ways in which people make sense of the world around them, while social anthropology is the study of the relationships among persons and groups. Cultural anthropology is more related to philosophy, literature and the arts (how one's culture affects experience for self and group, contributing to more complete understanding of the people's knowledge, customs, and institutions), while social anthropology is more related to sociology and history. in that it helps develop understanding of social structures, typically of others and other populations (such as minorities, subgroups, dissidents, etc.). There is no hard-and-fast distinction between them, and these categories overlap to a considerable degree.", ' Anthropology, with a socio-cultural focus, gathers the main axes of cultural anthropology and social anthropology. Cultural anthropology is the comparative study of the various ways in which people give meaning to the world around them, while social anthropology is the study of relationships between individuals and groups. Cultural anthropology is more linked to philosophy, literature, and the arts (how our culture influences us and our group, contributing to a more complete understanding of the knowledge, customs, and institutions of peoples), while social anthropology is more linked to sociology and history (it helps to develop an understanding of social structures, typically those of other populations, such as minorities, sub-groups, dissidents, etc.). There is no clear-cut distinction between them, and these categories significantly overlap.', 0.9845208, 1)
('Tourism is a vital industry for New York City, which has witnessed a growing combined volume of international and domestic tourists – receiving approximately 51 million tourists in 2011, 54 million in 2013, and a record 56.4 million in 2014. Tourism generated an all-time high US$61.3 billion in overall economic impact for New York City in 2014.', ' The tourism industry is vital for New York City, which welcomed approximately 51 million international and domestic tourists in 2011, 54 million in 2013, and a record 56.4 million in 2014. The total economic impact of New York City reached a historic high of 61.3 billion US dollars in 2014.', 0.9845921, 1)
('The book was made into the well-received 1962 film with the same title, starring Gregory Peck as Atticus Finch. The film\'s producer, Alan J. Pakula, remembered Universal Pictures executives questioning him about a potential script: "They said, \'What story do you plan to tell for the film?\' I said, \'Have you read the book?\' They said, \'Yes.\' I said, \'That\'s the story.\'" The movie was a hit at the box office, quickly grossing more than $20 million from a $2-million budget. It won three Oscars: Best Actor for Gregory Peck, Best Art Direction-Set Decoration, Black-and-White, and Best Writing, Screenplay Based on Material from Another Medium for Horton Foote. It was nominated for five more Oscars including Best Actress in a Supporting Role for Mary Badham, the actress who played Scout.', ' This book was turned into a well-received film in 1962, with the same title, featuring Gregory Peck as Atticus Finch. The film\'s producer, Alan J. Pakula, recalls executives at Universal Pictures asking him about a potential script: "They asked: What story do you want to tell for the film? I replied: Have you read the book? They replied: Yes. I replied: That\'s the story." The film was a box-office success, earning over 20 million dollars in revenue from a budget of 2 million. It won three Oscars: Best Actor for Gregory Peck, Best Art Direction-Black and White, and Best Adaptation from Other Material for Horton Foote. It was nominated for five other Oscars, including Best Supporting Actress for Mary Badham, who played Scout.', 0.9846631, 1)
("The city's land has been altered substantially by human intervention, with considerable land reclamation along the waterfronts since Dutch colonial times; reclamation is most prominent in Lower Manhattan, with developments such as Battery Park City in the 1970s and 1980s. Some of the natural relief in topography has been evened out, especially in Manhattan.", " The city's land has been significantly altered by human intervention, with prominent land reclamation along the rivers since colonial Dutch times; the most pronounced reclamation is in lower Manhattan, with developments such as Battery Park City in the 1970s and 1980s. Some of the natural terrain relief has been leveled, particularly in Manhattan.", 0.98468363, 1)
('Barbara Harff and Ted Gurr defined genocide as "the promotion and execution of policies by a state or its agents which result in the deaths of a substantial portion of a group ...[when] the victimized groups are defined primarily in terms of their communal characteristics, i.e., ethnicity, religion or nationality." Harff and Gurr also differentiate between genocides and politicides by the characteristics by which members of a group are identified by the state. In genocides, the victimized groups are defined primarily in terms of their communal characteristics, i.e., ethnicity, religion or nationality. In politicides the victim groups are defined primarily in terms of their hierarchical position or political opposition to the regime and dominant groups. Daniel D. Polsby and Don B. Kates, Jr. state that "... we follow Harff\'s distinction between genocides and \'pogroms,\' which she describes as \'short-lived outbursts by mobs, which, although often condoned by authorities, rarely persist.\' If the violence persists for long enough, however, Harff argues, the distinction between condonation and complicity collapses."', " Barbara Harff and Ted Gurr have defined genocide as the implementation and execution of policies by a state or its agents resulting in the deaths of a substantial portion of a group, when the victimized groups are primarily defined in terms of their communal characteristics, i.e., ethnicity, religion or nationality. Harff and Gurr also distinguish between genocides and politicides based on the characteristics by which members of a group are identified by the state. In genocides, the victimized groups are primarily defined in terms of their communal characteristics, i.e., ethnicity, religion or nationality. In politicides, the victim groups are primarily defined in terms of their hierarchical position or political opposition to the regime and dominant groups. Daniel D. Polsby and Don B. Kates, Jr. state that we follow Harff's distinction between genocides and pogroms. She describes pogroms as short-lived outbursts by mobs, which, although often condoned by authorities, rarely persist. If the violence persists long enough, however, Harff argues, the distinction between condonation and complicity collapses.", 0.98470855, 1)
('In 1924, the Tajik Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was created as a part of Uzbekistan, but in 1929 the Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic (Tajik SSR) was made a separate constituent republic, however the predominantly ethnic Tajik cities of Samarkand and Bukhara remained in the Uzbek SSR. Between 1927 and 1934, collectivization of agriculture and a rapid expansion of cotton production took place, especially in the southern region. Soviet collectivization policy brought violence against peasants and forced resettlement occurred throughout Tajikistan. Consequently, some peasants fought collectivization and revived the Basmachi movement. Some small scale industrial development also occurred during this time along with the expansion of irrigation infrastructure.', ' In 1924, the Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic of Tajikistan was created as part of Uzbekistan, but in 1929, the Soviet Socialist Republic of Tajikistan (RSS of Tajikistan) was made a separate constituent republic, while the predominantly Tajik ethnic cities of Samarkand and Bukhara remained in Uzbekistan. Between 1927 and 1934, collectivization of agriculture and a rapid expansion of cotton production took place, mainly in the southern region. The Soviet collectivization policy brought violence against the peasants and forced relocations occurred throughout Tajikistan. Consequently, some peasants rebelled against collectivization and revived the Basmachi movement. Small-scale industrial developments and irrigation infrastructure expansion also took place during this period.', 0.98471385, 1)
("Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially. Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel. Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books. Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science. Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester. Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009. A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well. Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011. The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building. Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport. The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people. Prominent venues include also the Edmund P. Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey. Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball.", " Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university platform has experienced significant growth. Over the years, 29 student residences were built, each with its own chapel. Many academic buildings were added, as well as a library system, the most notable being the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and containing nearly 4 million books today. Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the Performing Arts Center Debartolo, the Guglielmino Complex, and Jordan Hall of Science. In addition, a new men's residence, Duncan Hall, began on March 8, 2007, and accepted its first residents for the fall 2008 semester. Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall 2009 semester. A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new building combining the Social Concerns Center/Church Life Institute, Geddes Hall, and a law school extension have also recently been completed. In addition, the athletic training Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Rink, a hockey complex, opened in the spring 2011. The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Executive Education Department of the Mendoza College of Business, opened in March 2013 just south of the Mendoza College of Business building. Due to its long athletic tradition, the university also has numerous buildings dedicated to sports. The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and can now accommodate over 80,000 people. Notable landmarks also include the Joyce Center Training Facility, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Rink, a hockey complex. There are also many outdoor fields, such as Frank Eck Baseball Stadium.", 0.9847259, 1)
('The earthquake also provided opportunities for researchers to retrofit data in order to model future earthquake predictions. Using data from the Intermagnet Lanzhou geomagnetic observatory, geologists Lazo Pekevski from the Ss. Cyril and Methodius University of Skopje in Macedonia and Strachimir Mavrodiev from the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences attempted to establish a "time prediction method" through collecting statistics on geomagnetism with tidal gravitational potential. Using this method, they were said to have predicted the time of the 2008 Sichuan earthquake with an accuracy of ±1 day. The same study, however, acknowledges the limitation of earthquake prediction models, and does not mention that the location of the quake could be accurately predicted.', ' The earthquake provided opportunities for researchers to rework data for modeling future earthquake predictions. Using data from the Intermagnet Geomagnetic Observatory in Lanzhou, geologists Lazo Pekevski from the Ss. Cyril and Methodius University in Skopje, North Macedonia, and Strachimir Mavrodiev from the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences attempted to develop a "temporal prediction method" by collecting statistics on geomagnetism with tidal gravitational potential. According to this method, they claim to have predicted the time of the 2008 Sichuan earthquake with a precision of ±1 day. However, the same study acknowledges the limitations of seismic prediction models and does not mention that they were able to predict its exact location.', 0.98475516, 1)
('Writing in 1998 Kurt Jonassohn and Karin Björnson stated that the CPPCG was a legal instrument resulting from a diplomatic compromise. As such the wording of the treaty is not intended to be a definition suitable as a research tool, and although it is used for this purpose, as it has an international legal credibility that others lack, other definitions have also been postulated. Jonassohn and Björnson go on to say that none of these alternative definitions have gained widespread support for various reasons.', ' In 1998, Kurt Jonassohn and Karin Björnson wrote that the CPPCG was a legal instrument resulting from a diplomatic compromise. Therefore, the formulation of the treaty is not intended to be a definition suitable for research purposes, and although it is used, other definitions have also been proposed. Jonassohn and Björnson continue by saying that none of these alternative definitions have gained widespread acceptance for various reasons.', 0.98479944, 1)
("To Kill a Mockingbird was Lee's only published book until Go Set a Watchman, an earlier draft of To Kill a Mockingbird, was published on July 14, 2015. Lee continued to respond to her work's impact until her death in February 2016, although she had refused any personal publicity for herself or the novel since 1964.", ' [To Kill a Mockingbird was the only book published by Lee before Go Set a Watchman, a draft older than To Kill a Mockingbird, which was published on July 14, 2015. Lee continued to respond to the impact of her works until her death in February 2016, despite her refusal of any personal publicity for herself or the novel since 1964].', 0.9848266, 1)
('After the Holocaust, which had been perpetrated by the Nazi Germany and its allies prior to and during World War II, Lemkin successfully campaigned for the universal acceptance of international laws defining and forbidding genocides. In 1946, the first session of the United Nations General Assembly adopted a resolution that "affirmed" that genocide was a crime under international law, but did not provide a legal definition of the crime. In 1948, the UN General Assembly adopted the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide (CPPCG) which defined the crime of genocide for the first time.', ' After the Holocaust, perpetrated by Nazi Germany and its allies before and during World War II, Lemkin succeeded in obtaining universal acceptance of international laws defining and prohibiting genocide. In 1946, the first session of the United Nations General Assembly adopted a resolution stating that genocide was an international crime, but it did not provide a legal definition of the crime. In 1948, the United Nations General Assembly adopted the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide (CPPCG), which defined the crime of genocide for the first time.', 0.9848502, 1)
("The emergence of antibiotic resistance has prompted restrictions on their use in the UK in 1970 (Swann report 1969), and the EU has banned the use of antibiotics as growth-promotional agents since 2003. Moreover, several organizations (e.g., The American Society for Microbiology (ASM), American Public Health Association (APHA) and the American Medical Association (AMA)) have called for restrictions on antibiotic use in food animal production and an end to all nontherapeutic uses.[citation needed] However, commonly there are delays in regulatory and legislative actions to limit the use of antibiotics, attributable partly to resistance against such regulation by industries using or selling antibiotics, and to the time required for research to test causal links between their use and resistance to them. Two federal bills (S.742 and H.R. 2562) aimed at phasing out nontherapeutic use of antibiotics in US food animals were proposed, but have not passed. These bills were endorsed by public health and medical organizations, including the American Holistic Nurses' Association, the American Medical Association, and the American Public Health Association (APHA).", ' The emergence of antibiotic resistance resulted in restrictions on their use in the UK as early as 1970 (Swann report 1969). The EU prohibited their use as growth-promotional agents since 2003. Various organizations, including The American Society for Microbiology (ASM), American Public Health Association (APHA), and American Medical Association (AMA), have advocated for restrictions on antibiotic use in food animal production and an end to all non-therapeutic uses. [Citation needed] However, there are frequently delays in regulatory and legislative actions to limit antibiotic use, partly due to resistance from industries utilizing or selling antibiotics in opposition to these regulations, and due to the time required for research to establish causal connections between their use and resistance to them. Two federal bills (S.742 and H.R. 2562) were introduced with the aim of phasing out non-therapeutic use of antibiotics in US food production.', 0.98485494, 1)
('Under the Köppen climate classification, using the 0 °C (32 °F) coldest month (January) isotherm, New York City itself experiences a humid subtropical climate (Cfa) and is thus the northernmost major city on the North American continent with this categorization. The suburbs to the immediate north and west lie in the transition zone from a humid subtropical (Cfa) to a humid continental climate (Dfa). The area averages 234 days with at least some sunshine annually, and averages 57% of possible sunshine annually, accumulating 2,535 hours of sunshine per annum. The city falls under USDA 7b Plant Hardiness zone.', ' Under the Köppen climate classification, using a temperature of -0 °C (32 °F) in the coldest month (January) as a reference, New York City itself experiences a humid subtropical climate (Cfa) and is therefore the northernmost city on the North American continent with this categorization. The immediate suburbs to the north and west fall within the transitional zone between a humid subtropical climate (Cfa) and a humid continental climate (Dfa). The region records an average of 234 days per year with some sunshine, and on average 57% of the possible annual sunlight, accumulating 2,535 hours of sunshine per year. The city falls within USDA hardiness zone 7b. (Note: The USDA plant hardiness zones are not directly translatable to French as they are specific to the United States Department of Agriculture.)', 0.9848777, 1)
('The Bey Hive is the name given to Beyoncé\'s fan base. Fans were previously titled "The Beyontourage", (a portmanteau of Beyoncé and entourage). The name Bey Hive derives from the word beehive, purposely misspelled to resemble her first name, and was penned by fans after petitions on the online social networking service Twitter and online news reports during competitions.', ' The Bey Hive is the name given to Beyoncé\'s fan community. Fans were first called "The Beyontourage" (a portmanteau of Beyoncé and entourage). The name Bey Hive derives from the word bee hive, deliberately misspelled to resemble her name, and was coined by fans after petitions on the social networking service Twitter and press reports during competitions.', 0.98488593, 1)
('The advertised battery life on most models is different from the real-world achievable life. For example, the fifth generation 30 GB iPod is advertised as having up to 14 hours of music playback. An MP3.com report stated that this was virtually unachievable under real-life usage conditions, with a writer for MP3.com getting on average less than 8 hours from an iPod. In 2003, class action lawsuits were brought against Apple complaining that the battery charges lasted for shorter lengths of time than stated and that the battery degraded over time. The lawsuits were settled by offering individuals either US$50 store credit or a free battery replacement.', ' The announced battery life for most models is different from the real duration achieved. For instance, a fifth-generation iPod with 30 Go is announced to have up to 14 hours of music playback. A report from MP3.com stated that it was hardly achievable under real-life conditions, with an MP3.com author getting an average of less than 8 hours from an iPod. In 2003, class-action lawsuits were filed against Apple due to batteries taking less time to charge than advertised and degrading over time. The lawsuits were settled by offering individuals a $50 credit in the store or a free battery replacement.', 0.984992, 1)
('Tibetan sources say Deshin Shekpa also persuaded the Yongle Emperor not to impose his military might on Tibet as the Mongols had previously done. Thinley writes that before the Karmapa returned to Tibet, the Yongle Emperor began planning to send a military force into Tibet to forcibly give the Karmapa authority over all the Tibetan Buddhist schools but Deshin Shekpa dissuaded him. However, Hok-Lam Chan states that "there is little evidence that this was ever the emperor\'s intention" and that evidence indicates that Deshin Skekpa was invited strictly for religious purposes.', ' The Tibetan sources claim that Deshin Shekpa also convinced Emperor Yongle not to impose his military power on Tibet, as the Mongols had done before. Before the return of the Karmapa to Tibet, Emperor Yongle was planning to send a military force to Tibet to establish the authority of the Karmapa over all Tibetan Buddhist schools through force. However, Deshin Shekpa dissuaded him. However, Hok-Lam Chan indicates that "there is little evidence that this was the emperor\'s intention" and that the evidence suggests he was invited only for religious reasons.', 0.9849975, 1)
('Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19.7%). The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities. The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted. 1,400 of the 3,577 (39.1%) were admitted under the early action plan. Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States. While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture.', 'Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions. The entering class in autumn 2015 admitted 3,577 out of 18,156 applicants (19.7%). The academic profile of the admitted class is among the top 10 to 15 nationally for research universities. The university practices an early action non-restrictive policy, allowing students admitted to Notre Dame to also consider other universities to which they have been accepted. One thousand four hundred of the 3,577 (39.1%) were admitted under early action. Students came from 1,311 high schools, and the average student traveled over 750 miles to reach Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States. All incoming students begin in the College of Arts and Letters, but 25% indicated they wish to study in the humanities or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in sciences, and 3% in architecture.', 0.9850265, 1)
("The Ming dynasty granted titles to lamas of schools such as the Karmapa Kargyu, but the latter had previously declined Mongol invitations to receive titles. When the Ming Yongle Emperor invited Je Tsongkhapa (1357–1419), founder of the Gelug school, to come to the Ming court and pay tribute, the latter declined. Wang and Nyima write that this was due to old age and physical weakness, and also because of efforts being made to build three major monasteries. Chen Qingying states that Tsongkhapa wrote a letter to decline the Emperor's invitation, and in this reply, Tsongkhapa wrote:", " [The Ming Dynasty granted titles to lamas of schools such as Karmapa Kargyu, but they had previously declined Mongol invitations for titles. When Emperor Ming Yongle of the Ming Dynasty invited Je Tsongkhapa (1357–1419), founder of the Gelug school, to come to the Ming Palace and pay homage, he refused. Wang and Nyima wrote that this was due to old age and physical weakness, and also because of the efforts made to build three great monasteries. Chen Qingying wrote that Tsongkhapa composed a letter to decline the Emperor's invitation, and in this response, Tsongkhapa wrote:].", 0.9850304, 1)
("After the bailout was announced, the Portuguese government headed by Pedro Passos Coelho managed to implement measures with the intention of improve the State's financial situation, including tax hikes, a freeze of civil service-related lower-wages and cuts of higher-wages by 14.3%, on top of the government's spending cuts. The Portuguese government also agreed to eliminate its golden share in Portugal Telecom which gave it veto power over vital decisions. In 2012, all public servants had already seen an average wage cut of 20% relative to their 2010 baseline, with cuts reaching 25% for those earning more than 1,500 euro per month.", " After the announcement of the rescue plan, the Portuguese government led by Pedro Passos Coelho managed to implement measures with the intention of improving the financial situation of the state. This included tax increases, a freeze on public sector salaries below 14%, and salary cuts above 14.3%, due to the government's budgetary cuts. The Portuguese government also agreed to limit its stake in Portugal Telecom, which gave it veto power over crucial decisions. In 2012, all public servants had already suffered an average reduction of 20% in their salaries relative to their 2010 floor, reaching 25% for those earning more than 1,500 euros per month.", 0.98506606, 1)
('In January 2010, Hong Kong-based English newspaper The Standard reported that writer Tan Zuoren attempted to document shoddy construction that may have led to massive casualties in schools, was sentenced to in prison ostensibly for his writing an article in 2007 in support of the pro-democracy movement in 1989.', ' In January 2010, The Standard, a Hong Kong-based English newspaper, reported that Tan Zuoren was making efforts to document the inadequate construction which may have resulted in massive casualties in schools, was sentenced to prison, officially for writing an article in 2007 in support of the 1989 democracy movement.', 0.98508596, 1)
('The story takes place during three years (1933–35) of the Great Depression in the fictional "tired old town" of Maycomb, Alabama, the seat of Maycomb County. It focuses on six-year-old Jean Louise Finch (Scout), who lives with her older brother, Jem, and their widowed father, Atticus, a middle-aged lawyer. Jem and Scout befriend a boy named Dill, who visits Maycomb to stay with his aunt each summer. The three children are terrified of, and fascinated by, their neighbor, the reclusive Arthur "Boo" Radley. The adults of Maycomb are hesitant to talk about Boo, and, for many years few have seen him. The children feed one another\'s imagination with rumors about his appearance and reasons for remaining hidden, and they fantasize about how to get him out of his house. After two summers of friendship with Dill, Scout and Jem find that someone leaves them small gifts in a tree outside the Radley place. Several times the mysterious Boo makes gestures of affection to the children, but, to their disappointment, he never appears in person.', ' This story takes place over three years (1933-35) during the Depression in the tired fictional town of Maycomb, Alabama, seat of Maycomb County. It features Jean Louise Finch, who is six years old and lives with her older brother Jem and their widowed father, Atticus, a middle-aged lawyer. Jem and Scout become inseparable friends with a boy named Dill, who comes every summer to spend vacations in Maycomb at his aunt\'s house. The three children are scared and intrigued by their neighbor, the recluse Arthur "Boo" Radley. The adults of Maycomb are reluctant to speak of Boo, and for a long time, few have seen him. The children fuel their imagination with rumors about his appearance and reasons for seclusion, wondering how to make him come out of his house. After two summers of friendship with Dill, Scout and Jem discover that someone leaves them small gifts in a tree in front of the Radley house. Several times, the mysterious Boo makes affectionate gestures towards the children, but, to their disappointment, he never appears in person.', 0.98511696, 1)
('In 1940, Jeannette Rankin had once again been elected to Congress, and in 1941, as she did in 1917, she voted against the United States\' declaration of war. This time she was the only vote against the war, and in the wake of public outcry over her vote, she required police protection for a time. Other pacifists tended to be those from "peace churches" who generally opposed war. Many individuals from throughout the U.S. who claimed conscientious objector status were sent to Montana during the war as smokejumpers and for other forest fire-fighting duties.', ' In 1940, Jeannette Rankin was re-elected to Congress in the United States, and in 1941, as she had in 1917, she opposed the United States declaration of war. This time she was the sole vote against the war, and following public backlash on her vote, she needed police protection for a period. Pacifists were typically those from "peace churches" who generally opposed war. Many individuals in the U.S. who claimed conscientious objector status were sent to Montana during the war for forest fire-fighting duties and other forestry tasks.', 0.98513323, 1)
('The 1973 oil embargo and 1979 energy crisis caused a reorganization of energy policies around the world and brought renewed attention to developing solar technologies. Deployment strategies focused on incentive programs such as the Federal Photovoltaic Utilization Program in the US and the Sunshine Program in Japan. Other efforts included the formation of research facilities in the US (SERI, now NREL), Japan (NEDO), and Germany (Fraunhofer Institute for Solar Energy Systems ISE).', ' The oil embargos in 1973 and the energy crisis in 1979 led to a reorganization of global energy policies and gave importance back to solar technology development. Deployment strategies focused on incentive programs such as the Federal Photovoltaic Utilization Program in the United States and the Solar Program in Japan. Other efforts included the creation of research laboratories in the United States (SERI, now NREL), Japan (NEDO), and Germany (Fraunhofer Institute for Solar Energy Systems ISE).', 0.98516625, 1)
('Tajikistan has a population of 7,349,145 (July 2009 est.) of which 70% are under the age of 30 and 35% are between the ages of 14 and 30. Tajiks who speak Tajik (a dialect of Persian) are the main ethnic group, although there are sizable minorities of Uzbeks and Russians, whose numbers are declining due to emigration. The Pamiris of Badakhshan, a small population of Yaghnobi people, and a sizeable minority of Ismailis are all considered to belong to the larger group of Tajiks. All citizens of Tajikistan are called Tajikistanis.', " Tajikistan has an estimated population of 7,349,145 people (July 2009). Seventy percent of the population are under 30 years old, and 35% are between 14 and 30 years old. Tajiks, who speak Tajik (a dialect of Persian), are the largest ethnic group, but there are significant minorities of Uzbeks and Russians, whose numbers are decreasing due to emigration. The Pamiris of Badakhshan, a small population of Yaghnobis, and a large Isma'ili minority are all considered part of the larger Tajik group. All citizens of Tajikistan are called Tajikistani.", 0.98518354, 1)
('In September 1828 Chopin, while still a student, visited Berlin with a family friend, zoologist Feliks Jarocki, enjoying operas directed by Gaspare Spontini and attending concerts by Carl Friedrich Zelter, Felix Mendelssohn and other celebrities. On an 1829 return trip to Berlin, he was a guest of Prince Antoni Radziwiłł, governor of the Grand Duchy of Posen—himself an accomplished composer and aspiring cellist. For the prince and his pianist daughter Wanda, he composed his Introduction and Polonaise brillante in C major for cello and piano, Op. 3.', ' In September 1828, Chopin, still a student, visited Berlin with a family friend, the zoologist Feliks Jarocki, and appreciated the operas conducted by Gaspare Spontini and attended the concerts of Carl Friedrich Zelter, Felix Mendelssohn and others. During a return in 1829 to Berlin, he was a guest of Prince Antoni Radziwiłł, governor of the Grand-Duchy of Posen—himself an accomplished composer and an aspiring violoncellist. For the prince and his pianist daughter Wanda, he composed his Introduction and Brilliant Polonaise in F major for violoncello and piano, Op. 3.', 0.98522824, 0)
('It is also known as the Wenchuan earthquake (Chinese: 汶川大地震; pinyin: Wènchuān dà dìzhèn; literally: "Great Wenchuan earthquake"), after the location of the earthquake\'s epicenter, Wenchuan County, Sichuan. The epicenter was 80 kilometres (50 mi) west-northwest of Chengdu, the provincial capital, with a focal depth of 19 km (12 mi). The earthquake was also felt in nearby countries and as far away as both Beijing and Shanghai—1,500 km (930 mi) and 1,700 km (1,060 mi) away—where office buildings swayed with the tremor. Strong aftershocks, some exceeding magnitude 6, continued to hit the area even months after the main quake, causing new casualties and damage.', ' This event is also known as the Wenchuan Earthquake (Chinese: 汶川大地震; pinyin: Wènchuān dà dìzhèn; literally: "Great Wenchuan Earthquake"), in reference to the epicenter, Wenchuan County, in Sichuan. The epicenter was located 80 kilometers west-north-west of Chengdu, the provincial capital, at a depth of 19 km (12 mi). The earthquake was also felt in neighboring countries and as far as Beijing and Shanghai – 1,500 km (930 mi) and 1,700 km (1,060 mi) respectively – where administrative buildings swayed with the tremor. Strong aftershocks, some exceeding magnitude 6, continued to strike the region even months after the main earthquake, causing new casualties and damages.', 0.9852401, 1)
("The New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation (HHC) operates the public hospitals and clinics in New York City. A public benefit corporation with $6.7 billion in annual revenues, HHC is the largest municipal healthcare system in the United States serving 1.4 million patients, including more than 475,000 uninsured city residents. HHC was created in 1969 by the New York State Legislature as a public benefit corporation (Chapter 1016 of the Laws 1969). It is similar to a municipal agency but has a Board of Directors. HHC operates 11 acute care hospitals, five nursing homes, six diagnostic and treatment centers, and more than 70 community-based primary care sites, serving primarily the poor and working class. HHC's MetroPlus Health Plan is one of the New York area's largest providers of government-sponsored health insurance and is the plan of choice for nearly half million New Yorkers.", ' The New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation (HHC) operates the public hospitals and clinics of New York City. It is a municipal non-profit corporation with annual revenues of 6.7 billion dollars, making it the largest municipal healthcare system in the United States, serving 1.4 million patients, including over 475,000 uninsured city residents. HHC was created in 1969 by the New York State Legislature in the form of a non-profit (Chapter 1016 of the Laws 1969). It is similar to a municipal agency but has a Board of Trustees. HHC operates eleven emergency hospitals, five nursing homes, six diagnostic and treatment centers, and over 70 community-based healthcare sites, primarily serving the poor and working class. The MetroPlus health insurance plan of HHC is one of the largest government healthcare providers in the New York region and is the preferred plan for nearly half a million New Yorkers.', 0.98524475, 1)
('Besides earning a reputation as a respected entertainment device, the iPod has also been accepted as a business device. Government departments, major institutions and international organisations have turned to the iPod line as a delivery mechanism for business communication and training, such as the Royal and Western Infirmaries in Glasgow, Scotland, where iPods are used to train new staff.', ' Beyond a reputation earned as a respected entertainment device, iPod has also been accepted as a business tool. Government departments, large institutions, and international organizations have turned to the iPod range as a means of communication and corporate training, such as the Royal and Western Infirmaries in Glasgow, Scotland, where iPods are used to train new employees.', 0.9852611, 1)
("The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame. From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent. Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler. Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62. Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus.", "The ascent of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous European Catholic intellectuals to flee; President John O'Hara welcomed them at Notre Dame. From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982), a classical and law scholar, and Waldemar Gurian, a Catholic German intellectual of Jewish origin. Positivism dominated intellectual life in America since the 1920s, but in stark contrast, Gurian had received a Catholic German education and had written his doctoral thesis under Max Scheler. Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to the campus, 1955–62. Yves Simon (1903–61), brought insights from French studies to Notre Dame in the Aristotle-Thomist philosophical tradition; his master Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent campus visitor.", 0.98532444, 1)
('The state also has five Micropolitan Statistical Areas centered on Bozeman, Butte, Helena, Kalispell and Havre. These communities, excluding Havre, are colloquially known as the "big 7" Montana cities, as they are consistently the seven largest communities in Montana, with a significant population difference when these communities are compared to those that are 8th and lower on the list. According to the 2010 U.S. Census, the population of Montana\'s seven most populous cities, in rank order, are Billings, Missoula, Great Falls, Bozeman, Butte, Helena and Kalispell. Based on 2013 census numbers, they collectively contain 35 percent of Montana\'s population. and the counties containing these communities hold 62 percent of the state\'s population. The geographic center of population of Montana is located in sparsely populated Meagher County, in the town of White Sulphur Springs.', ' The State also includes five Micropolitan Statistical Areas around Bozeman, Butte, Helena, Kalispell, and Havre. These communities, with the exception of Havre, are familiarly known as the "7 largest cities" of Montana, as they consistently rank among the seven most populated communities in Montana, with a significant population difference when compared to those that rank below the top 8. According to the 2010 United States Census, the seven most populated cities in Montana, listed in order of population, are Billings, Missoula, Great Falls, Bozeman, Butte, Helena, and Kalispell. According to 2013 census figures, they collectively account for 35% of Montana\'s population. And the counties that contain these communities house 62% of the State\'s population. The demographic center of Montana is located in Meagher County, in the town of White Sulphur Springs, in a sparsely populated region.', 0.9854262, 1)
('Chopin seldom performed publicly in Paris. In later years he generally gave a single annual concert at the Salle Pleyel, a venue that seated three hundred. He played more frequently at salons, but preferred playing at his own Paris apartment for small groups of friends. The musicologist Arthur Hedley has observed that "As a pianist Chopin was unique in acquiring a reputation of the highest order on the basis of a minimum of public appearances—few more than thirty in the course of his lifetime." The list of musicians who took part in some of his concerts provides an indication of the richness of Parisian artistic life during this period. Examples include a concert on 23 March 1833, in which Chopin, Liszt and Hiller performed (on pianos) a concerto by J.S. Bach for three keyboards; and, on 3 March 1838, a concert in which Chopin, his pupil Adolphe Gutmann, Charles-Valentin Alkan, and Alkan\'s teacher Joseph Zimmermann performed Alkan\'s arrangement, for eight hands, of two movements from Beethoven\'s 7th symphony. Chopin was also involved in the composition of Liszt\'s Hexameron; he wrote the sixth (and final) variation on Bellini\'s theme. Chopin\'s music soon found success with publishers, and in 1833 he contracted with Maurice Schlesinger, who arranged for it to be published not only in France but, through his family connections, also in Germany and England.', ' Chopin seldom gave public concerts in Paris. In his later years, he usually gave only one concert a year at Salle Pleyel, a hall that could accommodate three hundred people. He played more frequently at salons, but preferred to play for small groups at his Parisian apartment. The musicologist Arthur Hedley observed that "As a pianist, Chopin was unique in acquiring a reputation of first order with a minimum of public appearances—fewer than thirty throughout his life". The list of musicians who participated in some of his concerts provides an indication of the rich artistic life in Paris during this period. Examples include a concert on March 23, 1833, where Chopin, Liszt, and Hiller played (at keyboards) a concerto by J.S. Bach for three keyboards; and, on March 3, 1838, a concert where Chopin, his pupil Adolphe Gutmann, Charles-Valentin Alkan, and Joseph Zimmermann played in arrangement, at eight hands, of two movements from Beethoven\'s 7th symphony. Chopin also collaborated on the composition of Liszt\'s Hexameron; he wrote the sixth (and last) variation on the theme of Bellini. Chopin\'s music quickly found success with publishers, and in 1833, he signed a contract with Maurice Schlesinger, who published not only in France but also, through his family connections, in Germany and England.', 0.9854387, 1)
('In August, the couple attended the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards, at which Beyoncé performed "Love on Top" and started the performance saying "Tonight I want you to stand up on your feet, I want you to feel the love that\'s growing inside of me". At the end of the performance, she dropped her microphone, unbuttoned her blazer and rubbed her stomach, confirming her pregnancy she had alluded to earlier in the evening. Her appearance helped that year\'s MTV Video Music Awards become the most-watched broadcast in MTV history, pulling in 12.4 million viewers; the announcement was listed in Guinness World Records for "most tweets per second recorded for a single event" on Twitter, receiving 8,868 tweets per second and "Beyonce pregnant" was the most Googled term the week of August 29, 2011.', ' In August, the couple went to the MTV Video Music Awards 2011. Beyoncé sang "Love on Top" and announced at the end of her performance: "Tonight, I want everyone to stand up and feel the love that\'s growing in me." After her performance, she tossed her microphone, unbuttoned her blouse, and rubbed her belly, revealing her pregnancy, which she had hinted at earlier. The MTV Video Music Awards 2011 broadcast was MTV\'s most-watched event ever, with 12.4 million viewers. The announcement broke the Guinness World Record for "most tweets per second" during a single event, with 8,868 tweets per second. The term "Beyoncé pregnant" was the most searched term the week of August 28, 2011.', 0.9854704, 1)
('On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years. This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA. The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports. The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial. The band regularly plays the school\'s fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell. According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time.', ' On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement. Under Armour will supply the university with uniforms, clothes, equipment, and monetary compensation for a decade. This contract, valued at almost a hundred million dollars, is the most profitable in NCAA history. The university has a band that performs at home games for most sports. The band, which began in 1846 and is the oldest university band in the US, was recognized by the National Music Council as a "National Monument of American Music" during the US Bicentennial. The band frequently plays the school\'s fight song, the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named the best and most renowned fight song by professor William Studwell of Northern Illinois. According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" is among the top fight songs of all time.', 0.9854839, 1)
('During the summers at Nohant, particularly in the years 1839–43, Chopin found quiet, productive days during which he composed many works, including his Polonaise in A-flat major, Op. 53. Among the visitors to Nohant were Delacroix and the mezzo-soprano Pauline Viardot, whom Chopin had advised on piano technique and composition. Delacroix gives an account of staying at Nohant in a letter of 7 June 1842:', 'During the summers at Nohant, and particularly during the years 1839-43, Chopin found quiet, productive days during which he composed many works, including his Polonaise in A-flat major, Op. 53. Among the visitors to Nohant were Delacroix and the mezzo-soprano Pauline Viardot. Chopin had advised her on piano technique and composition.Delacroix describes his stay at Nohant in a letter of June 7, 1842:[Your translation should start here]At Nohant during the summers, especially from the years 1839 to 1843, Chopin enjoyed tranquil, productive days. He composed numerous works there, including his Polonaise in A-flat major, Op. 53. Notable visitors to Nohant included Delacroix and the mezzo-soprano Pauline Viardot. Chopin offered her guidance on piano technique and composition.Delacroix penned a letter on June 7, 1842, detailing his time at Nohant:', 0.98551655, 1)
('The emergence of resistance of bacteria to antibiotics is a common phenomenon. Emergence of resistance often reflects evolutionary processes that take place during antibiotic therapy. The antibiotic treatment may select for bacterial strains with physiologically or genetically enhanced capacity to survive high doses of antibiotics. Under certain conditions, it may result in preferential growth of resistant bacteria, while growth of susceptible bacteria is inhibited by the drug. For example, antibacterial selection for strains having previously acquired antibacterial-resistance genes was demonstrated in 1943 by the Luria–Delbrück experiment. Antibiotics such as penicillin and erythromycin, which used to have a high efficacy against many bacterial species and strains, have become less effective, due to the increased resistance of many bacterial strains.', ' Emergence of bacterial resistance to antibiotics is a common phenomenon. The emergence of resistance often reflects evolutionary processes that occur during antibiotic treatment. Antibiotic treatment can select bacterial strains with improved physiological or genetic capabilities to survive high doses of antibiotics. Under certain conditions, this can lead to preferential growth of antibiotic-resistant bacteria, while the growth of sensitive bacteria is inhibited by the medication. For instance, an antibacterial selection of strains carrying antibiotic resistance genes was demonstrated in 1943 by the Luria-Delbrück experiment. Antibiotics such as penicillin and erythromycin, which once had high efficacy against numerous bacterial species and strains, have lost effectiveness due to the increased resistance of many bacterial strains.', 0.98552436, 1)
("The Staten Island Railway rapid transit system solely serves Staten Island, operating 24 hours a day. The Port Authority Trans-Hudson (PATH train) links Midtown and Lower Manhattan to northeastern New Jersey, primarily Hoboken, Jersey City, and Newark. Like the New York City Subway, the PATH operates 24 hours a day; meaning three of the six rapid transit systems in the world which operate on 24-hour schedules are wholly or partly in New York (the others are a portion of the Chicago 'L', the PATCO Speedline serving Philadelphia, and the Copenhagen Metro).", 'The Staten Island Railway, a rapid transport system exclusively serving Staten Island, operates 24 hours a day. The Port Authority Trans-Hudson (PATH) connects Midtown and lower Manhattan to east New Jersey, primarily Hoboken, Jersey City and Newark. The PATH also operates 24 hours a day; this means that three of the six rapid transport systems in the world that operate on a 24-hour schedule are entirely or partially in New York (the others are a portion of the Chicago L and the PATCO Speedline serving Philadelphia, and the Copenhagen metro).', 0.9855385, 1)
('By law, religious communities must register by the State Committee on Religious Affairs (SCRA) and with local authorities. Registration with the SCRA requires a charter, a list of 10 or more members, and evidence of local government approval prayer site location. Religious groups who do not have a physical structure are not allowed to gather publicly for prayer. Failure to register can result in large fines and closure of place of worship. There are reports that registration on the local level is sometimes difficult to obtain. People under the age of 18 are also barred from public religious practice.', ' According to the law, religious communities must register with the State Committee for Religious Affairs (SCRA) and local authorities. Registration with the SCRA requires a status, a list of 10 members or more, and proof of approval from the local government for the place of worship. Religious groups without a physical structure are not allowed to gather publicly for prayer. Failure to register can result in significant fines and closure of the place of worship. There are reports that local registration is sometimes difficult to obtain. Persons under 18 are also forbidden from practicing their religion publicly.', 0.985577, 1)
("On May 16, rescue groups from South Korea, Japan, Singapore, Russia and Taiwan arrived to join the rescue effort. The United States shared some of its satellite images of the quake-stricken areas with Chinese authorities. During the weekend, the US sent into China two U.S. Air Force C-17's carrying supplies, which included tents and generators. Xinhua reported 135,000 Chinese troops and medics were involved in the rescue effort across 58 counties and cities.", "On May 16, rescue teams from South Korea, Japan, Singapore, Russia, and Taiwan arrived to assist in the rescue effort. The United States provided Chinese authorities with some satellite images of the disaster areas. Over the weekend, the US dispatched two US Air Force C-17s filled with supplies to China. Xinhua reported that 135,000 Chinese troops and medics were participating in the rescue efforts across 58 counties and cities.Traduction :Le 16 mai, des équipes de secours venues du Corée du Sud, du Japon, Singapour, de la Russie et de Taïwan sont arrivées pour rejoindre l'effort de secours. Les États-Unis ont partagé avec les autorités chinoises certaines de leurs images satellites des zones frappées par le séisme. Au week-end, les États-Unis ont envoyé en Chine deux C-17 de l'US Air Force chargés de fournitures, comprenant des tentes et des générateurs. Xinhua a signalé que 135 000 soldats et médecins chinois étaient impliqués dans l'effort de secours dans 58 comtés et villes.", 0.9856098, 1)
('The Zipingpu Hydropower Plant (simplified Chinese: 紫坪铺水库; traditional Chinese: 紫坪鋪水庫) located 20 km east of the epicenter was damaged. A recent inspection indicated that the damage was less severe than initially feared, and it remains structurally stable and safe. The Tulong reservoir upstream is in danger of collapse. About 2,000 troops have been allocated to Zipingpu, trying to release the pressure through spillway. In total, 391 dams, most of them small, were reported damaged by the quake.', ' The Zipingpu Hydroelectric Dam (simplified Chinese: 紫坪铺水库; traditional Chinese: 紫坪鋪水庫), located 20 km to the east of the epicenter, has sustained damages. A final inspection showed that the damages were less severe than initially feared, and it remains structurally stable and safe. The Tulong Reservoir upstream is in danger of collapsing. Approximately 2,000 soldiers have been deployed to Zipingpu, trying to reduce pressure through the outlets. In total, 391 dams, mostly small ones, have been reported damaged by the earthquake.', 0.9856154, 1)
('As children coming of age, Scout and Jem face hard realities and learn from them. Lee seems to examine Jem\'s sense of loss about how his neighbors have disappointed him more than Scout\'s. Jem says to their neighbor Miss Maudie the day after the trial, "It\'s like bein\' a caterpillar wrapped in a cocoon ... I always thought Maycomb folks were the best folks in the world, least that\'s what they seemed like". This leads him to struggle with understanding the separations of race and class. Just as the novel is an illustration of the changes Jem faces, it is also an exploration of the realities Scout must face as an atypical girl on the verge of womanhood. As one scholar writes, "To Kill a Mockingbird can be read as a feminist Bildungsroman, for Scout emerges from her childhood experiences with a clear sense of her place in her community and an awareness of her potential power as the woman she will one day be."', ' As children growing up, Scout and Jem encounter harsh realities and learn from them. Lee explores Jem\'s sense of loss regarding how his neighbors have disappointed him more than Scout\'s. Jem tells their neighbor Maudie the day after the trial, "It\'s like being a caterpillar in a cocoon ... I always thought Maycomb folks were the best folks in the world, at least that\'s what they seemed like." This leads him to grapple with understanding the separations of race and class. The novel illustrates Jem\'s transformations, and it also delves into the realities Scout must face as an atypical girl on the brink of womanhood. According to a certain scholar, "To Kill a Mockingbird can be read as a feminist coming-of-age novel, for Scout emerges from her childhood experiences with a clear sense of her place in her community and an awareness of her potential power as the woman she will become."', 0.9856543, 1)
("The two travel to the hotel and discover White's secret room where they find co-ordinates pointing to Oberhauser's operations base in the desert. They travel by train to the nearest station, but are once again confronted by Hinx; they engage in a fight throughout the train in which Mr Hinx is eventually thrown off the train by Bond with Swann's assistance. After arriving at the station, Bond and Swann are escorted to Oberhauser's base. There, he reveals that Spectre has been staging terrorist attacks around the world, creating a need for the Nine Eyes programme. In return Spectre will be given unlimited access to intelligence gathered by Nine Eyes. Bond is tortured as Oberhauser discusses their shared history: after the younger Bond was orphaned, Oberhauser's father, Hannes, became his temporary guardian. Believing that Bond supplanted his role as son, Oberhauser killed his father and staged his own death, subsequently adopting the name Ernst Stavro Blofeld and going on to form Spectre. Bond and Swann escape, destroying the base in the process, leaving Blofeld to apparently die during the explosion.", " The two go to the hotel and discover White's secret room where they find coordinates pointing to Oberhauser's operations base in the desert. They take the train to the nearest station, but are once again confronted by Hinx; they fight on the train and Mr. Hinx is eventually thrown off the train by Bond with Swann's assistance. Upon arriving at the station, Bond and Swann are escorted to Oberhauser's base. There, he reveals that Spectre has been staging terrorist attacks around the world, creating a need for the Nine Eyes programme. In exchange, Spectre will be given unlimited access to intelligence gathered by Nine Eyes. Bond is tortured as Oberhauser discusses their shared history: after the younger Bond was orphaned, Oberhauser's father, Hannes, became his temporary guardian. Believing that Bond had supplanted his role as son, Oberhauser killed his father and staged his own death, subsequently adopting the name Ernst Stavro Blofeld and going on to form Spectre. Bond and Swann escape, destroying the base in the process, leaving Blofeld to apparently die during the explosion.", 0.98570573, 1)
('The Mayor and council members are elected to four-year terms. The City Council is a unicameral body consisting of 51 council members whose districts are defined by geographic population boundaries. Each term for the mayor and council members lasts four years and has a three consecutive-term limit, but can resume after a four-year break. The New York City Administrative Code, the New York City Rules, and the City Record are the code of local laws, compilation of regulations, and official journal, respectively.', ' The mayors and members of the council are elected for terms of four years. The Municipal Council is a unicameral body composed of 51 members of the council, whose districts are defined by geographic population limits. Each term of the mayor and members of the council lasts four years and is limited to three consecutive terms, but can be resumed after a four-year pause. The New York City Administrative Code, New York City Rules, and City Record are the local laws, the compilation of regulations, and the official journal, respectively.', 0.98575383, 1)
('In mid-2015, several new color schemes for all of the current iPod models were spotted in the latest version of iTunes, 12.2. Belgian website Belgium iPhone originally found the images when plugging in an iPod for the first time, and subsequent leaked photos were found by Pierre Dandumont.', ' In the middle of 2015, several new color schemes for all current iPod models were discovered in the latest version of iTunes, 12.2. The Belgian website Belgium iPhone first found the images when plugging in an iPod for the first time, and subsequent leaked photos were found by Pierre Dandumont.Therefore, the translation of the text is:In the middle of 2015, several new color schemes for all current iPod models were discovered in the latest version of iTunes, 12.2. The Belgian website Belgium iPhone first found the images when plugging in an iPod for the first time, and subsequent leaked photos were found by Pierre Dandumont.', 0.98587406, 1)
("The Ming initiated sporadic armed intervention in Tibet during the 14th century, but did not garrison permanent troops there. At times the Tibetans also used armed resistance against Ming forays. The Wanli Emperor (r. 1572–1620) made attempts to reestablish Sino-Tibetan relations after the Mongol-Tibetan alliance initiated in 1578, which affected the foreign policy of the subsequent Qing dynasty (1644–1912) of China in their support for the Dalai Lama of the Gelug school. By the late 16th century, the Mongols were successful armed protectors of the Gelug Dalai Lama, after increasing their presence in the Amdo region. This culminated in Güshi Khan's (1582–1655) conquest of Tibet from 1637–1642 and the establishment of the Ganden Phodrang regime by the 5th Dalai Lama with his help.", ' The Ming dynasty undertook episodic military interventions in Tibet during the 14th century, but did not leave permanent troops there. At times, the Tibetans used armed resistance against Ming expeditions. Emperor Wanli (r. 1572–1620) made efforts to restore Sino-Tibetan relations after the Mongol-Tibetan alliance was initiated in 1578, which influenced the foreign policies of the following Qing dynasty of China (1644–1912) in favor of the Gelug Dalai Lama. Towards the end of the 16th century, the Mongols were successful armed protectors of the Dalai Lama Gelug, increasing their presence in the region of Amdo. This led to the conquest of Tibet by Güshi Khan (1582–1655) from 1637–1642 and the establishment of the Ganden Phodrang regime by the 5th Dalai Lama with his help.', 0.98589766, 1)
('The ownership of the Spectre organisation—originally stylised "SPECTRE" as an acronym of SPecial Executive for Counter-intelligence, Terrorism, Revenge and Extortion—and its characters, had been at the centre of long-standing litigation starting in 1961 between Ian Fleming and Kevin McClory over the film rights to the novel Thunderball. The dispute began after Fleming incorporated elements of an undeveloped film script written by McClory and screenwriter Jack Whittingham—including characters and plot points—into Thunderball, which McClory contested in court, claiming ownership over elements of the novel. In 1963, Fleming settled out of court with McClory, in an agreement which awarded McClory the film rights. This enabled him to become a producer for the 1965 film Thunderball—with Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman as executive producers—and the non-Eon film Never Say Never Again, an updated remake of Thunderball, in 1983.[N 3] A second remake, entitled Warhead 2000 A.D., was planned for production and release in the 1990s before being abandoned. Under the terms of the 1963 settlement, the literary rights stayed with Fleming, allowing the Spectre organisation and associated characters to continue appearing in print.', ' The property of the organization Spectre—originally stylized as "SPECTRE" in acronym for SPecial Executive for Counter-espionnage, Terror, Vengeance and Extortion—and its characters, were at the heart of a long legal dispute since 1961 between Ian Fleming and Kevin McClory regarding the cinematic rights of the novel Thunderball. The dispute began after Fleming incorporated elements of an uncredited cinematic script written by McClory and screenwriter Jack Whittingham—including characters and plot points—into Thunderball, which McClory contested in court, claiming ownership over elements of the novel. In 1963, Fleming settled out of court with McClory, in an agreement that granted McClory the cinematic rights. This allowed him to become producer of the 1965 film Thunderball—with Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman as executive producers—and of the non-Eon film Never Say Never Again, an updated version of Thunderball, in 1983. A second adaptation, titled Warhead 2000 A.D., was planned to be produced and released in the 1990s before being abandoned. According to the terms of the 1963 agreement, the literary rights remained with Fleming, allowing the organization Spectre and associated characters to continue appearing in print.', 0.985915, 1)
("The Yellowstone River rises on the continental divide near Younts Peak in Wyoming's Teton Wilderness. It flows north through Yellowstone National Park, enters Montana near Gardiner, and passes through the Paradise Valley to Livingston. It then flows northeasterly across the state through Billings, Miles City, Glendive, and Sidney. The Yellowstone joins the Missouri in North Dakota just east of Fort Union. It is the longest undammed, free-flowing river in the contiguous United States, and drains about a quarter of Montana (36,000 square miles (93,000 km2)).", ' The Yellow River is born on the continental crest near Younts Peak in the wild Teton Valley in Wyoming. It flows to the north through Yellowstone National Park, enters Montana near Gardiner, and crosses the Paradise Valley up to Livingston. Then, it flows to the east-north-east through the state by Billings, Miles City, Glendive and Sidney. The Yellow River joins the Missouri River in North Dakota, to the east of Fort Union. It is the longest free-flowing river in the contiguous states of the United States, and drains approximately a quarter of Montana (36,000 square miles / 93,000 km2).', 0.9859395, 1)
("After gaining the Master Sword, Link is cleansed of the magic that kept him in wolf form, obtaining the Shadow Crystal. Now able to use it to switch between both forms at will, Link is led by Midna to the Mirror of Twilight located deep within the Gerudo Desert, the only known gateway between the Twilight Realm and Hyrule. However, they discover that the mirror is broken. The Sages there explain that Zant tried to destroy it, but he was only able to shatter it into fragments; only the true ruler of the Twili can completely destroy the Mirror of Twilight. They also reveal that they used it a century ago to banish Ganondorf, the Gerudo leader who attempted to steal the Triforce, to the Twilight Realm when executing him failed. Assisted by an underground resistance group they meet in Castle Town, Link and Midna set out to retrieve the missing shards of the Mirror, defeating those they infected. Once the portal has been restored, Midna is revealed to be the true ruler of the Twilight Realm, usurped by Zant when he cursed her into her current form. Confronting Zant, Link and Midna learn that Zant's coup was made possible when he forged a pact with Ganondorf, who asked for Zant's assistance in conquering Hyrule. After Link defeats Zant, Midna recovers the Fused Shadows, but destroys Zant after learning that only Ganondorf's death can release her from her curse. Returning to Hyrule, Link and Midna find Ganondorf in Hyrule Castle, with a lifeless Zelda suspended above his head. Ganondorf fights Link by possessing Zelda's body and eventually by transforming into a beast, but Link defeats him and Midna is able to resurrect Zelda.", " After obtaining the Master Sword, Link is purified of the spells that kept him in wolf form, thus obtaining the Crypt of Darkness. Now able to use this gem to transform between the two forms at will, Link is led by Midna to the Mirror of Darkness, located deeply in the Gerudo Desert, the only known portal between the Dark Realm and Hyrule. However, they discover that the mirror is shattered. The Sages explain that Zant had attempted to destroy it, but only managed to shatter it; only the true king of the Dark Realm can completely destroy the Mirror of Darkness. They also reveal that they had used it a century ago to banish Ganondorf, the Gerudo chief who had tried to steal the Triforce, to the Dark Realm when an execution failed. With the help of an underground resistance group they encounter in the Castle Town, Link and Midna set out to retrieve the missing mirror fragments, defeating those who had corrupted them. Once the portal is restored, Midna is revealed to be the true king of the Dark Realm, usurped by Zant when he cursed her in her current form. Confronting Zant, Link and Midna learn that Zant's attack was made possible by a pact he had made with Ganondorf, who had asked for his help in conquering Hyrule. After Zant's defeat, Midna recovers the Fused Shadows, but destroys them after learning that only Ganondorf's death can free her from her curse. Returning to Hyrule, Link and Midna find Ganondorf in Hyrule Castle, with Zelda suspended above him, lifeless. Ganondorf fights Link by possessing Zelda's body and finally transforming into a beast, but Link defeats him and Midna is able to resurrect Zelda.", 0.9859797, 0)
('The novel is renowned for its warmth and humor, despite dealing with the serious issues of rape and racial inequality. The narrator\'s father, Atticus Finch, has served as a moral hero for many readers and as a model of integrity for lawyers. One critic explains the novel\'s impact by writing, "In the twentieth century, To Kill a Mockingbird is probably the most widely read book dealing with race in America, and its protagonist, Atticus Finch, the most enduring fictional image of racial heroism."', ' The novel is renowned for its warmth and humor, despite addressing serious issues of violence and racial inequality. The father of the narrator, Atticus Finch, has served as a moral hero for many readers and a model of integrity for lawyers. A critic writes of the impact of the novel: "In the twentieth century, To Kill a Mockingbird is probably the most read book in America on the subject of race, and its character, Atticus Finch, is the most enduring racial hero image in fiction."', 0.98599035, 0)
("Since the Carnation Revolution of 1974, which culminated in the end of one of Portugal's most notable phases of economic expansion (that started in the 1960s), a significant change has occurred in the nation's annual economic growth.[citation needed] After the turmoil of the 1974 revolution and the PREC period, Portugal tried to adapt to a changing modern global economy, a process that continues in 2013. Since the 1990s, Portugal's public consumption-based economic development model has been slowly changing to a system that is focused on exports, private investment and the development of the high-tech sector. Consequently, business services have overtaken more traditional industries such as textiles, clothing, footwear and cork (Portugal is the world's leading cork producer), wood products and beverages.", "Since the Rose Revolution of 1974, which marked the end of notable economic expansion phases in Portugal (which began in the 1960s), a significant change has occurred in the annual growth of the country's economy.[Citation needed] After the turbulence of the 1974 revolution and the PREC period, Portugal tried to adapt to a changing global economy, a process that continues in 2013. Since the 1990s, Portugal's economic development model has gradually evolved from a public consumption-based model to one focusing on exports, private investments, and high-tech development. As a result, service industries have surpassed more traditional industries such as textiles, clothing, footwear, wood products, and beverages.", 0.98599905, 1)
('On April 9, 2007, it was announced that Apple had sold its one-hundred millionth iPod, making it the biggest selling digital music player of all time. In April 2007, Apple reported second quarter revenue of US$5.2 billion, of which 32% was made from iPod sales. Apple and several industry analysts suggest that iPod users are likely to purchase other Apple products such as Mac computers.', ' On April 9, 2007, it was announced that Apple had sold its 100 millionth iPod, making it the best-selling digital media player of all time. In April 2007, Apple reported revenues for the second quarter at $5.2 billion US, of which 32% came from iPod sales. Apple and several industry analysts suggested that iPod users were likely to purchase other Apple products such as Mac computers.', 0.98608047, 1)
('There are more than 100 freshwater fish species, varying from the giant European catfish (in the Tagus International Natural Park) to some small and endemic species that live only in small lakes (along the western portion of country, for example). Some of these rare and specific species are highly endangered because of habitat loss, pollution and drought. Up-welling along the west coast of Portugal makes the sea extremely rich in nutrients and diverse species of marine fish; the Portuguese marine waters are one of the richest in the world. Marine fish species are more common, and include thousands of species, such as the sardine (Sardina pilchardus), tuna and Atlantic mackerel. Bioluminescent species are also well represented (including species in different colour spectrum and forms), like the glowing plankton that are possible to observe in some beaches.', ' There are over a hundred species of freshwater fish, ranging from the European catfish (in the International Natural Park of the Tage) to small endemic species that live only in small lakes (along the western part of the country, for example). Some of these rare and specific species are strongly threatened due to habitat loss, pollution, and drought. The uprising along the western coast of Portugal makes the sea extremely rich in nutrients and various marine fish species; Portuguese marine waters are among the richest in the world. Marine fish species are more common and include thousands of species, such as the sardinelle (Sardina pilchardus), tuna, and Atlantic mackerel. Bioluminescent species are also well represented (including species in different color spectra and various forms), such as phosphorescent plankton that can be observed on certain beaches.', 0.9860932, 1)
('During the late 19th Century the Jadidists established themselves as an Islamic social movement throughout the region. Although the Jadidists were pro-modernization and not necessarily anti-Russian the Russians viewed the movement as a threat.[citation needed] Russian troops were required to restore order during uprisings against the Khanate of Kokand between 1910 and 1913. Further violence occurred in July 1916 when demonstrators attacked Russian soldiers in Khujand over the threat of forced conscription during World War I. Despite Russian troops quickly bringing Khujand back under control, clashes continued throughout the year in various locations in Tajikistan.[citation needed]', ' In the late 1800s, the Jadidists set up as an Islamic social movement in the region. They were pro-modernization but not necessarily anti-Russian. However, the Russians saw them as a threat. [Citation needed] Russian soldiers were needed to restore order during the uprisings against the Khanate of Kokand between 1910 and 1913. New violence broke out in July 1916 when protesters attacked Russian soldiers in Khujand due to the conscription threat during World War I. Despite the quick regaining of Khujand under Russian control, clashes continued throughout the year in various places in Tajikistan. [Citation needed]', 0.9861016, 1)
('The New York Times reported that "government officials in Beijing and Sichuan have said they are investigating the collapses. In an acknowledgment of the weakness of building codes in the countryside, the National Development and Reform Commission said on May 27 that it had drafted an amendment to improve construction standards for primary and middle schools in rural areas. Experts are reviewing the draft, the commission said." To limit protests, officials pushed parents to sign a document, which forbade them from holding protests, in exchange of money, but some who refused to sign were threatened. The payment amounts varied from school to school but were approximately the same. In Hanwang, parents were offered a package valued at 8,800 USD in cash and a per-parent pension of nearly 5,600 USD. Furthermore, officials used other methods of silencing: riot police officers broke up protests by parents; the authorities set up cordons around the schools; and officials ordered the Chinese news media to stop reporting on school collapses.', 'The New York Times reported that officials in Beijing and Sichuan have admitted to investigating collapses. In recognition of the weakness of construction regulations in the countryside, the National Development and Reform Commission announced on May 27 that it had drafted a revision to improve construction standards for primary and secondary schools in rural areas. Experts are currently examining the project, the commission stated. To prevent protests, officials have urged parents to sign a document prohibiting them from protesting, in exchange for compensation, but some who refused to sign have been threatened. The amounts varied from school to school but were roughly the same. At Hanwang, parents were offered a package worth 75,000 RMB in cash and a pension of nearly 35,000 RMB per parent. In addition, officials used other methods to quell the protests: riot police dispersed parent protests; authorities established cordons around schools; and officials ordered Chinese media to stop reporting on the school collapses.', 0.9861384, 1)
('On February 6, 2016, one day before her performance at the Super Bowl, Beyoncé released a new single exclusively on music streaming service Tidal called "Formation".', ' [February 6, 2016, a day before her performance at Super Bowl 50, Beyoncé released an exclusive new song named "Formation" on the musical streaming service Tidal].', 0.9861591, 1)
('The city and surrounding area suffered the bulk of the economic damage and largest loss of human life in the aftermath of the September 11, 2001 attacks when 10 of the 19 terrorists associated with Al-Qaeda piloted American Airlines Flight 11 into the North Tower of the World Trade Center and United Airlines Flight 175 into the South Tower of the World Trade Center, and later destroyed them, killing 2,192 civilians, 343 firefighters, and 71 law enforcement officers who were in the towers and in the surrounding area. The rebuilding of the area, has created a new One World Trade Center, and a 9/11 memorial and museum along with other new buildings and infrastructure. The World Trade Center PATH station, which opened on July 19, 1909 as the Hudson Terminal, was also destroyed in the attack. A temporary station was built and opened on November 23, 2003. A permanent station, the World Trade Center Transportation Hub, is currently under construction. The new One World Trade Center is the tallest skyscraper in the Western Hemisphere and the fourth-tallest building in the world by pinnacle height, with its spire reaching a symbolic 1,776 feet (541.3 m) in reference to the year of American independence.', ' The city and the neighboring region suffered the greatest economic damages and the highest human loss during the aftermath of the September 11, 2001 attacks, when ten of the nineteen Al-Qaida linked terrorists piloted American Airlines Flight 11 into the North Tower of the World Trade Center and United Airlines Flight 175 into the South Tower of the World Trade Center, and later destroyed them, killing 2,192 civilians, 343 firefighters, and 71 law enforcement officers who were in the towers and the surrounding area. The reconstruction of the area has created a new One World Trade Center, and a memorial and a 9/11 museum, as well as other new buildings and infrastructures. The World Trade Center PATH station, which opened on July 19, 1909 under the name Hudson Terminal, was also destroyed in the attack. A temporary station was built and opened on November 23, 2003. A permanent station, the World Trade Center Transportation Hub, is currently under construction. The new One World Trade Center is the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere and the fourth tallest building in the world by the height of its spire, with its tip reaching a symbolic height of 1,776 feet (541.3 m) in reference to the year of American independence.', 0.98619694, 1)
("Spectre (2015) is the twenty-fourth James Bond film produced by Eon Productions. It features Daniel Craig in his fourth performance as James Bond, and Christoph Waltz as Ernst Stavro Blofeld, with the film marking the character's re-introduction into the series. It was directed by Sam Mendes as his second James Bond film following Skyfall, and was written by John Logan, Neal Purvis, Robert Wade and Jez Butterworth. It is distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Columbia Pictures. With a budget around $245 million, it is the most expensive Bond film and one of the most expensive films ever made.", ' The 2015 film Spectre, starring James Bond (007), is the twenty-fourth film produced by Eon Productions. It features Daniel Craig in his fourth portrayal of James Bond, and Christoph Waltz as Ernst Stavro Blofeld, marking the return of these characters in the series. It was directed by Sam Mendes, who has directed two previous James Bond films, Skyfall, and written by John Logan, Neal Purvis, Robert Wade and Jez Butterworth. It is distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Columbia Pictures. With an estimated budget of around 245 million dollars, it is the most expensive James Bond film and one of the most expensive films ever produced.', 0.9862483, 1)
('Judge Taylor appoints Atticus to defend Tom Robinson, a black man who has been accused of raping a young white woman, Mayella Ewell. Although many of Maycomb\'s citizens disapprove, Atticus agrees to defend Tom to the best of his ability. Other children taunt Jem and Scout for Atticus\'s actions, calling him a "nigger-lover". Scout is tempted to stand up for her father\'s honor by fighting, even though he has told her not to. Atticus faces a group of men intent on lynching Tom. This danger is averted when Scout, Jem, and Dill shame the mob into dispersing by forcing them to view the situation from Atticus\' and Tom\'s points of view.', ' Judge Taylor designates Atticus to represent Tom Robinson, a black man accused of raping a young white woman, Mayella Ewell. Despite the disapproval of many Maycomb citizens, Atticus agrees to defend Tom to the best of his ability. Other children taunt Jem and Scout for Atticus\' actions, calling him a "nigger-lover." Scout is tempted to defend her father\'s honor by fighting, even though he has warned her not to. Atticus confronts a group of men planning to lynch Tom. This danger is averted when Scout, Jem, and Dill shame the mob into dispersing by making them understand the situation from Atticus and Tom\'s perspectives.', 0.9862491, 1)
("Video games are playable on various versions of iPods. The original iPod had the game Brick (originally invented by Apple's co-founder Steve Wozniak) included as an easter egg hidden feature; later firmware versions added it as a menu option. Later revisions of the iPod added three more games: Parachute, Solitaire, and Music Quiz.", ' Video games can be played on various iPod versions. The original iPod included the hidden game Brick (originally created by Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak, based on a Halloween feature); more recent software versions offer this as an option in the menu. More recent iPod revisions added three other games: Parachute, Solitaire, and Music Quiz.', 0.98630345, 1)
('Hydrogen production technologies been a significant area of solar chemical research since the 1970s. Aside from electrolysis driven by photovoltaic or photochemical cells, several thermochemical processes have also been explored. One such route uses concentrators to split water into oxygen and hydrogen at high temperatures (2,300–2,600 °C or 4,200–4,700 °F). Another approach uses the heat from solar concentrators to drive the steam reformation of natural gas thereby increasing the overall hydrogen yield compared to conventional reforming methods. Thermochemical cycles characterized by the decomposition and regeneration of reactants present another avenue for hydrogen production. The Solzinc process under development at the Weizmann Institute uses a 1 MW solar furnace to decompose zinc oxide (ZnO) at temperatures above 1,200 °C (2,200 °F). This initial reaction produces pure zinc, which can subsequently be reacted with water to produce hydrogen.', ' Hydrogen production technology has been a significant research area in solar chemistry since the 1970s. Beyond electrolysis using photovoltaic or photochemical cells, several thermal chemical processes have also been explored. One such route uses concentrators to split water into oxygen and hydrogen at high temperatures (2,300–2,600 °C or 4,200–4,700 °F). Another approach uses the heat from concentrator solar panels to drive steam methane reforming, increasing the overall hydrogen yield compared to conventional reforming methods. Thermochemical cycles characterized by the decomposition and regeneration of reactants offer another way for hydrogen production. The Solzinc process under development at the Weizmann Institute uses a 1 MW solar furnace to decompose zinc oxide (ZnO) at temperatures above 1,200 °C (2,200 °F). This initial reaction produces pure zinc, which can then be reacted with water to produce hydrogen.', 0.98631924, 1)
('Following the earthquake, donations were made by people from all over mainland China, with booths set up in schools, at banks, and around gas stations. People also donated blood, resulting in according to Xinhua long line-ups in most major Chinese cities. Many donated through text messaging on mobile phones to accounts set up by China Unicom and China Mobile By May 16, the Chinese government had allocated a total of $772 million for earthquake relief so far, up sharply from $159 million from May 14.', ' After the earthquake, people from all over the Chinese continent made donations. Kiosks were set up in schools, banks, and near gas stations. People also donated blood, resulting in long queues in most major Chinese cities, according to Xinhua. Many donated via SMS on their mobile phones to the accounts set up by China Unicom and China Mobile. By May 16, the Chinese government had already allocated a total of 5.3 billion yuans (772 million dollars) for earthquake relief, which is a significant increase from the 112 million yuans (159 million dollars) allocated from May 14.', 0.9863275, 1)
('In a United States Geological Survey (USGS) study, preliminary rupture models of the earthquake indicated displacement of up to 9 meters along a fault approximately 240 km long by 20 km deep. The earthquake generated deformations of the surface greater than 3 meters and increased the stress (and probability of occurrence of future events) at the northeastern and southwestern ends of the fault. On May 20, USGS seismologist Tom Parsons warned that there is "high risk" of a major M>7 aftershock over the next weeks or months.', ' In a study by the United States Geological Survey (USGS), preliminary fault rupture models indicated movements up to 9 meters along a roughly 240 km long and 20 km deep fault. The earthquake caused surface deformations exceeding 3 meters and increased tension (and the probability of future occurrences) at the north-east and south-west ends of the fault. On May 20, USGS seismologist Tom Parsons warned of "high risk" for a major M>7 earthquake in the weeks or months that followed.', 0.9863452, 1)
('In 2001, Lee was inducted into the Alabama Academy of Honor. In the same year, Chicago mayor Richard M. Daley initiated a reading program throughout the city\'s libraries, and chose his favorite book, To Kill a Mockingbird, as the first title of the One City, One Book program. Lee declared that "there is no greater honor the novel could receive". By 2004, the novel had been chosen by 25 communities for variations of the citywide reading program, more than any other novel. David Kipen of the National Endowment of the Arts, who supervised The Big Read, states "people just seem to connect with it. It dredges up things in their own lives, their interactions across racial lines, legal encounters, and childhood. It\'s just this skeleton key to so many different parts of people\'s lives, and they cherish it."', ' In 2001, Lee was introduced into the Alabama Academy. The same year, Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley launched a reading program in all the city\'s libraries, and chose his favorite book, To Kill a Mockingbird, as the inaugural title for the One City, One Book program. Lee stated that "there is no greater distinction a novel can receive." By 2004, the novel had been chosen by 25 communities for community reading programs, more than any other novel. David Kipen of the National Endowment for the Arts, who oversaw The Big Read, declared "people seem to simply connect with it. It awakens things in their own lives, their racial experiences, their judicial encounters, and their childhood. It is simply a cornerstone for so many aspects of people\'s lives, and they cherish it."', 0.9863648, 1)
('The 2008 Sichuan earthquake or the Great Sichuan earthquake, measured at 8.0 Ms and 7.9 Mw, and occurred at 02:28:01 PM China Standard Time at epicenter (06:28:01 UTC) on May 12 in Sichuan province, killed 69,197 people and left 18,222 missing.', ' The 2008 Sichuan earthquake, also known as the Great Sichuan earthquake, measured 8.0 on the Moment Magnitude Scale and 7.9 on the Richter Scale, occurred at 2:28:01 PM China Standard Time (6:28:01 UTC) on May 12 in the Sichuan province. It resulted in the deaths of 69,197 people and left 18,222 missing.', 0.98637384, 1)
('From the fifth-generation iPod on, Apple introduced a user-configurable volume limit in response to concerns about hearing loss. Users report that in the sixth-generation iPod, the maximum volume output level is limited to 100 dB in EU markets. Apple previously had to remove iPods from shelves in France for exceeding this legal limit. However, users that have bought a new sixth-generation iPod in late 2013 have reported a new option that allowed them to disable the EU volume limit. It has been said that these new iPods came with an updated software that allowed this change. Older sixth-generation iPods, however, are unable to update to this software version.', 'Since the fifth generation iPod, Apple has introduced a user-configurable volume limit in response to concerns about hearing loss. Users report that the maximum output volume of a sixth generation iPod is limited to 100 dB on the EU market. Apple had to remove some sixth generation iPods from shelves in France for exceeding this legal limit. However, users who bought a sixth generation iPod towards the end of 2013 report a new option that disables the EU volume limit. It has been said that these new iPods come with a software update allowing this change. However, older sixth generation iPods cannot update to this software version.', 0.98642385, 1)
("General Secretary and President Hu Jintao announced that the disaster response would be rapid. Just 90 minutes after the earthquake, Premier Wen Jiabao, who has an academic background in geomechanics, flew to the earthquake area to oversee the rescue work. Soon afterward, the Ministry of Health said that it had sent ten emergency medical teams to Wenchuan County. On the same day, the Chengdu Military Region Command dispatched 50,000 troops and armed police to help with disaster relief work in Wenchuan County. However, due to the rough terrain and close proximity of the quake's epicenter, the soldiers found it very difficult to get help to the rural regions of the province.", " The General Secretary and President Hu Jintao announced that the disaster response would be rapid. Ninety minutes after the earthquake, Premier Wen Jiabao, with an academic background in geomechanics, went to the earthquake area to oversee the rescue work. Shortly after, the Ministry of Health declared that it had dispatched ten emergency medical teams to Wenchuan County. On the same day, the Chengdu Military Region Command sent 50,000 soldiers and armed police to help with disaster relief work in Wenchuan County. However, due to the rugged terrain and the earthquake's epicenter being close by, the soldiers encountered significant difficulties in providing aid to the rural regions of the province.", 0.9864248, 1)
('Traditionally a sea-power, Portugal has had a strong tradition in the Portuguese fishing sector and is one of the countries with the highest fish consumption per capita. The main landing sites in Portugal (including Azores and Madeira), according to total landings in weight by year, are the harbours of Matosinhos, Peniche, Olhão, Sesimbra, Figueira da Foz, Sines, Portimão and Madeira. Portuguese processed fish products are exported through several companies, under a number of different brands and registered trademarks, such as Ramirez (the world’s oldest active canned fish producer), Bom Petisco, Nero, Combate, Comur, General, Líder, Manná, Murtosa, Pescador, Pitéu, Tenório, Torreira and Vasco da Gama.[citation needed]', " Portugal, with its maritime history, has a robust fishing sector tradition and is among the countries with the highest fish consumption per capita. The primary Portuguese landing sites, based on total annual weight, are Matosinhos, Peniche, Olhão, Sesimbra, Figueira da Foz, Sines, Portimão, and Madeira. Several Portuguese processed fish product companies export their goods under various brands and registered trademarks, including Ramirez (the world's oldest active canned fish producer), Bom Petisco, Nero, Combate, Comur, General, Líder, Manná, Murtosa, Pescador, Pitéu, Tenório, Torreira, and Vasco da Gama. [citation needed]", 0.98645663, 1)
('Following the Távora affair, the new Count of Oeiras knew no opposition. Made "Marquis of Pombal" in 1770, he effectively ruled Portugal until Joseph I\'s death in 1779. However, historians also argue that Pombal’s "enlightenment," while far-reaching, was primarily a mechanism for enhancing autocracy at the expense of individual liberty and especially an apparatus for crushing opposition, suppressing criticism, and furthering colonial economic exploitation as well as intensifying book censorship and consolidating personal control and profit.', ' Following the Távora affair, the new Count of Oeiras encountered no opposition. He was named "Marquis of Pombal" in 1770 and ruled Portugal effectively until the death of Joseph I in 1779. However, historians argue that Pombal\'s "enlightenment," while far-reaching, primarily served to enhance autocracy at the expense of individual liberty and was an apparatus for suppressing opposition, criticism, and furthering colonial economic exploitation, as well as intensifying book censorship and consolidating personal control and profit.', 0.98646545, 1)
('Elliot Sperling, a specialist of Indian studies and the director of the Tibetan Studies program at Indiana University’s Department of Central Eurasia Studies, writes that "the idea that Tibet became part of China in the 13th century is a very recent construction." He writes that Chinese writers of the early 20th century were of the view that Tibet was not annexed by China until the Manchu Qing dynasty invasion during the 18th century. He also states that Chinese writers of the early 20th century described Tibet as a feudal dependency of China, not an integral part of it. Sperling states that this is because "Tibet was ruled as such, within the empires of the Mongols and the Manchus" and also that "China\'s intervening Ming dynasty ... had no control over Tibet." He writes that the Ming relationship with Tibet is problematic for China’s insistence of its unbroken sovereignty over Tibet since the 13th century. As for the Tibetan view that Tibet was never subject to the rule of the Yuan or Qing emperors of China, Sperling also discounts this by stating that Tibet was "subject to rules, laws and decisions made by the Yuan and Qing rulers" and that even Tibetans described themselves as subjects of these emperors.', 'Elliot Sperling, an Indian studies specialist and director of the Tibetan Studies program in the Department of Central Asian Studies at Indiana University, writes that "the idea that Tibet became a part of China in the 13th century is a recent construction." He writes that Chinese writers from the early 20th century held the view that Tibet had been annexed by China during the Qing dynasty\'s Manchu invasion in the 18th century. He also states that Chinese writers from the early 20th century described Tibet as a feudal dependency of China, not as an integral part of it. Sperling states that this is because "Tibet was governed in this way, under the Mongol and Manchu empires," and also because "China, during the Ming period ... had no control over Tibet." He writes that China\'s relationship with Tibet is problematic in light of China\'s claim to uninterrupted sovereignty over Tibet since the 13th century. Regarding the Tibetan view that Tibet had never been subject to the rules, laws, and decisions of the Chinese Yuan and Qing emperors, Sperling contradicts this by stating "Tibet was subject to the rules, laws, and decisions of the Yuan and Qing emperors," and that the Tibetans described themselves as subjects of these emperors.', 0.98650885, 1)
("New York City is additionally a center for the advertising, music, newspaper, digital media, and publishing industries and is also the largest media market in North America. Some of the city's media conglomerates and institutions include Time Warner, the Thomson Reuters Corporation, the Associated Press, Bloomberg L.P., the News Corporation, The New York Times Company, NBCUniversal, the Hearst Corporation, AOL, and Viacom. Seven of the world's top eight global advertising agency networks have their headquarters in New York. Two of the top three record labels' headquarters are in New York: Sony Music Entertainment and Warner Music Group. Universal Music Group also has offices in New York. New media enterprises are contributing an increasingly important component to the city's central role in the media sphere.", ' New York City is also the center of the advertising, musical, press, digital media, and publishing industry and is the most important media market in North America. Some of the media congregations and institutions of the city include Time Warner, Thomson Reuters Corporation, the Associated Press, Bloomberg L.P., News Corporation, The New York Times Company, NBCUniversal, Hearst Corporation, AOL, and Viacom. Seven of the eight largest global advertising networks have their headquarters in New York. Two of the three largest record companies have their headquarters in New York: Sony Music Entertainment and Warner Music Group. Universal Music Group also has offices in New York. New media companies increasingly contribute significantly to the central role of the city in the media sphere.', 0.9865258, 1)
("However, Reuters reported in June that, to date, Chinese prosecutors have joined an official inquiry into ten collapsed schools during May's devastating earthquake to gain first-hand material of construction quality at the collapsed schools, launch preliminary inquiries and prepare for possible investigations into professional crime. It was also reported that safety checks were to be carried out at schools across China after last month's earthquake.", ' But Reuters reported in June that Chinese prosecutors had joined an official investigation into ten schools that collapsed during the May earthquake to obtain exploration materials on the construction quality of the collapsed schools, launch preliminary investigations, and prepare possible investigations for professional misconduct. It was also reported that safety checks should be conducted in Chinese schools after the May earthquake.', 0.9865575, 1)
('The first generation iPod Nano may overheat and pose a health and safety risk. Affected iPod Nanos were sold between September 2005 and December 2006. This is due to a flawed battery used by Apple from a single battery manufacturer. Apple recommended that owners of affected iPod Nanos stop using them. Under an Apple product replacement program, affected Nanos were replaced with current generation Nanos free of charge.', ' The first generation iPod Nano from Apple can overheat and pose a health and safety risk. Affected iPod Nanos were sold between September 2005 and December 2006. This is due to a defective battery used by Apple from a single battery supplier. The owners of the affected iPod Nanos were invited by Apple to stop using them. As part of an Apple product replacement program, the affected Nanos were replaced with new generation Nanos for free.', 0.98657966, 1)
("Portuguese law applied in the former colonies and territories and continues to be the major influence for those countries. Portugal's main police organizations are the Guarda Nacional Republicana – GNR (National Republican Guard), a gendarmerie; the Polícia de Segurança Pública – PSP (Public Security Police), a civilian police force who work in urban areas; and the Polícia Judiciária – PJ (Judicial Police), a highly specialized criminal investigation police that is overseen by the Public Ministry.", ' Portuguese law applies in the ancient colonies and territories and remains the primary influence for these countries. The main Portuguese policing organizations are the Guarda Nacional Republicana – GNR (National Republican Guard), a gendarmerie; the Polícia de Segurança Pública – PSP (Public Security Police), a civilian police force that operates in urban areas; and the Polícia Judiciária – PJ (Judiciary Police), a highly specialized criminal police force that falls under the authority of the Ministry of Justice.', 0.9865864, 1)
('A sequel to Spectre will begin development in spring 2016. Sam Mendes has stated he will not return to direct the next 007 film. Christoph Waltz has signed on for two more films in the series, but his return depends on whether or not Craig will again portray Bond.', ' A sequel to Spectre will begin development in spring 2016. Sam Mendes will not return to direct the next James Bond film. Christoph Waltz has signed on for two more films in the series, but his return depends on whether or not Craig will continue to play Bond.Therefore, the translation is: A sequel to Spectre will begin development in spring 2016. Sam Mendes will not return to direct the next James Bond film. Christoph Waltz has signed on for two more films in the series, but his return depends on whether or not Craig will continue to play Bond.', 0.98659503, 1)
('The Ningbo Organizing Committee of the Beijing Olympic torch relay announced that the relay, scheduled to take place in Ningbo during national morning, would be suspended for the duration of the mourning period. The route of the torch through the country was scaled down, and there was a minute of silence when the next leg started in city of Ruijin, Jiangxi on the Wednesday after the quake.', ' The Organizing Committee of Ningbo for the Beijing Olympic Torch Relay announced that the relay, scheduled to take place in Ningbo during National Day, would be suspended during the mourning period. The torch route in the country was reduced, and a minute of silence was observed when the following relay began in the city of Ruijin, Jiangxi, on Wednesday after the earthquake.', 0.9866627, 1)
("In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years. Fr. Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel. He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building. They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus.", ' In 1842, Bishop of Vincennes, Célestin Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Cross, on the condition that he build a school within two years. Father Sorin arrived on the site on November 26, 1842, accompanied by eight French and Irish brothers of the Cross, and began the school using the old wooden chapel of Father Stephen Badin. He soon built additional structures, including the old college, the first church, and the first large building. They enrolled two students from the start and began constructing campus extensions.', 0.98667467, 1)
('Marsha Weidner states that Deshin Shekpa\'s miracles "testified to the power of both the emperor and his guru and served as a legitimizing tool for the emperor\'s problematic succession to the throne," referring to the Yongle Emperor\'s conflict with the previous Jianwen Emperor. Tsai writes that Deshin Shekpa aided the legitimacy of the Yongle Emperor\'s rule by providing him with portents and omens which demonstrated Heaven\'s favor of the Yongle Emperor on the Ming throne.', "Marsha Weidner states that the miracles attributed to Deshin Shekpas testified to the power of the emperor and his guru and served as a tool legitimizing the problematic succession of Emperor Yongle to the Ming throne, in reference to Emperor Yongle's conflict with Emperor Jianwen earlier. Tsai writes that Deshin Shekpa contributed to the legitimacy of Emperor Yongle's reign by providing omens and signs that demonstrated the heaven's support for Emperor Yongle on the Ming throne.", 0.98671854, 1)
('Montana contains thousands of named rivers and creeks, 450 miles (720 km) of which are known for "blue-ribbon" trout fishing. Montana\'s water resources provide for recreation, hydropower, crop and forage irrigation, mining, and water for human consumption. Montana is one of few geographic areas in the world whose rivers form parts of three major watersheds (i.e. where two continental divides intersect). Its rivers feed the Pacific Ocean, the Gulf of Mexico, and Hudson Bay. The watersheds divide at Triple Divide Peak in Glacier National Park.', ' The Montana state contains thousands of rivers and streams named, 450 miles (720 km) of which are renowned for "fly fishing for blue ribbon trout." The water resources of Montana provide for recreation, hydroelectric power, irrigation of crops and livestock, mining, and human water supply. Montana is part of a few geographic areas in the world where rivers feed into three major drainage basins (i.e. where two continental divides intersect). Its rivers feed into the Pacific Ocean, the Gulf of Mexico, and Hudson Bay. The basins divide at Triple Divide Peak in Glacier National Park.', 0.98676705, 1)
('The Occupy Wall Street protests in Zuccotti Park in the Financial District of Lower Manhattan began on September 17, 2011, receiving global attention and spawning the Occupy movement against social and economic inequality worldwide.', " The Occupy Wall Street protests in New York's Zuccotti Park, in the Financial District of Lower Manhattan, began on September 17, 2011, receiving worldwide attention and giving birth to the global anti-inequality and economic movement Occupy.", 0.9867722, 1)
('The Mongol prince Godan, a grandson of Genghis Khan, raided as far as Lhasa. During his attack in 1240, Prince Godan summoned Sakya Pandita (1182–1251), leader of the Sakya school of Tibetan Buddhism, to his court in what is now Gansu in Western China. With Sakya Pandita\'s submission to Godan in 1247, Tibet was officially incorporated into the Mongol Empire during the regency of Töregene Khatun (1241–1246). Michael C. van Walt van Praag writes that Godan granted Sakya Pandita temporal authority over a still politically fragmented Tibet, stating that "this investiture had little real impact" but it was significant in that it established the unique "Priest-Patron" relationship between the Mongols and the Sakya lamas.', 'The Mongol prince Godan, a descendant of Genghis Khan, reached as far as Lhasa. During his raid in 1240, Prince Godan summoned Sakya Pandita (1182–1251), leader of the Sakya school of Tibetan Buddhism, to his court in what is now Gansu in Western China. With Sakya Pandita\'s submission to Godan in 1247, Tibet was officially incorporated into the Mongol Empire during the regency of Töregene Khatun (1241–1246). Michael C. van Walt van Praag writes that Godan granted Sakya Pandita temporal authority over a still politically fragmented Tibet. This investiture had little real impact, but it was significant in that it established the unique "Priest-Patron" relationship between the Mongols and the Sakya lamas.', 0.9867855, 1)
('Although it is not known exactly when Chopin first met Liszt after arriving in Paris, on 12 December 1831 he mentioned in a letter to his friend Woyciechowski that "I have met Rossini, Cherubini, Baillot, etc.—also Kalkbrenner. You would not believe how curious I was about Herz, Liszt, Hiller, etc." Liszt was in attendance at Chopin\'s Parisian debut on 26 February 1832 at the Salle Pleyel, which led him to remark: "The most vigorous applause seemed not to suffice to our enthusiasm in the presence of this talented musician, who revealed a new phase of poetic sentiment combined with such happy innovation in the form of his art."', ' Although it is not precisely known when Chopin first met Liszt in Paris on December 12, 1831, he mentioned in a letter to his friend Woyciechowski: "I have met Rossini, Cherubini, Baillot, etc.— also Kalkbrenner. You wouldn\'t believe how curious I was about Herz, Liszt, Hiller, etc." Liszt attended the first Parisian performance of Chopin at Salle Pleyel on February 26, 1832, which led him to remark: "The most vigorous applause seemed insufficient to express our enthusiasm for this talented musician, who revealed a new phase of poetic sentiment combined with such happy innovation in the form of his art."', 0.98681736, 1)
('Montana is home to the Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation and has a historic big game hunting tradition. There are fall bow and general hunting seasons for elk, pronghorn antelope, whitetail deer and mule deer. A random draw grants a limited number of permits for moose, mountain goats and bighorn sheep. There is a spring hunting season for black bear and in most years, limited hunting of bison that leave Yellowstone National Park is allowed. Current law allows both hunting and trapping of a specific number of wolves and mountain lions. Trapping of assorted fur bearing animals is allowed in certain seasons and many opportunities exist for migratory waterfowl and upland bird hunting.', ' Montana is the home of the Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation and has a historic tradition of big game hunting. There are autumn seasons for elk, pronghorn antelopes, Virginia white-tailed deer, and mule deer. A lottery determines a limited number of permits for moose, mountain goats, and bighorn sheep. There is a spring hunting season for black bears, and in most years, a limited bison hunt outside Yellowstone National Park is authorized. The current law allows for the hunting and taking of certain numbers of grizzly bears and mountain lions. The taking of fur from various fur-bearing animals is allowed during certain seasons, and there are numerous opportunities for waterfowl and rabbit hunting and bird hunting. (Note: This translation is provided as a courtesy and may not be 100% accurate. It is always recommended to consult a professional translator for important or official documents.)', 0.9868284, 1)
('Some modern commentators have argued against exaggerating Chopin\'s primacy as a "nationalist" or "patriotic" composer. George Golos refers to earlier "nationalist" composers in Central Europe, including Poland\'s Michał Kleofas Ogiński and Franciszek Lessel, who utilised polonaise and mazurka forms. Barbara Milewski suggests that Chopin\'s experience of Polish music came more from "urbanised" Warsaw versions than from folk music, and that attempts (by Jachimecki and others) to demonstrate genuine folk music in his works are without basis. Richard Taruskin impugns Schumann\'s attitude toward Chopin\'s works as patronizing and comments that Chopin "felt his Polish patriotism deeply and sincerely" but consciously modelled his works on the tradition of Bach, Beethoven, Schubert and Field.', 'Certain modern commentators have argued against the exaggeration of Chopin\'s primacy as a "nationalist" or "patriotic" composer. George Golos refers to earlier "nationalist" composers in Central Europe, including Poland and Michał Kleofas Ogiński and Franciszek Lessel, who used polonaise and mazurka forms. Barbara Milewski suggests that Chopin\'s experience of Polish music came more from the "urban" world of Warsaw than from folk music, and that the evidence (of Jachimecki and others) showing real folk music in his works is unfounded. Richard Taruskin questions Schumann\'s attitude towards Chopin\'s works as patronizing and comments that Chopin "felt deeply and sincerely his Polish patriotism" but consciously modeled his works on the tradition of Bach, Beethoven, Schubert, and Field.', 0.98686594, 1)
("In his native Poland, in France, where he composed most of his works, and beyond, Chopin's music, his status as one of music's earliest superstars, his association (if only indirect) with political insurrection, his love life and his early death have made him, in the public consciousness, a leading symbol of the Romantic era. His works remain popular, and he has been the subject of numerous films and biographies of varying degrees of historical accuracy.", " In his native Poland, in France, where he composed most of his works, and beyond, Chopin's status as one of the greatest superstars of music, his links (if only indirectly) with political insurrections, his loves, and his early death have made him, in public consciousness, a memorable symbol of the romantic era. His works remain popular, and he has been the subject of numerous films and varied historical biographies.", 0.98691857, 1)
('At the time of its release, Twilight Princess was considered the greatest entry in the Zelda series by many critics, including writers for 1UP.com, Computer and Video Games, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, GamesRadar, IGN, and The Washington Post. It received several Game of the Year awards, and was the most critically acclaimed game of 2006. In 2011, the Wii version was rereleased under the Nintendo Selects label. A high-definition port for the Wii U, The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess HD, will be released in March 2016.', ' Twilight Princess was considered the best entry in the Zelda series by many critics, including writers from 1UP.com, Computer and Video Games, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, GamesRadar, IGN, and The Washington Post. It received several Game of the Year awards, and was the most appreciated game of 2006. In 2011, the Wii version was re-released under the Nintendo Selects label. A high definition version for the Wii U, The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess HD, will be published in March 2016.', 0.986956, 1)
('On release, Twilight Princess was considered to be the greatest Zelda game ever made by many critics including writers for 1UP.com, Computer and Video Games, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, GamesRadar, IGN and The Washington Post. Game Informer called it "so creative that it rivals the best that Hollywood has to offer". GamesRadar praised Twilight Princess as "a game that deserves nothing but the absolute highest recommendation". Cubed3 hailed Twilight Princess as "the single greatest videogame experience". Twilight Princess\'s graphics were praised for the art style and animation, although the game was designed for the GameCube, which is technically lacking compared to the next generation consoles. Both IGN and GameSpy pointed out the existence of blurry textures and low-resolution characters. Despite these complaints, Computer and Video Games felt the game\'s atmosphere was superior to that of any previous Zelda game, and regarded Twilight Princess\'s Hyrule as the best version ever created. PALGN praised the game\'s cinematics, noting that "the cutscenes are the best ever in Zelda games". Regarding the Wii version, GameSpot\'s Jeff Gerstmann said the Wii controls felt "tacked-on", although 1UP.com said the remote-swinging sword attacks were "the most impressive in the entire series". Gaming Nexus considered Twilight Princess\'s soundtrack to be the best of this generation, though IGN criticized its MIDI-formatted songs for lacking "the punch and crispness" of their orchestrated counterparts. Hyper\'s Javier Glickman commended the game for its "very long quests, superb Wii controls and being able to save anytime". However, he criticised it for "no voice acting, no orchestral score and slightly outdated graphics".', ' During its release, Twilight Princess was considered the best Zelda game ever made by many critics, including those from 1UP.com, Computer and Video Games, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, GamesRadar, IGN, and The Washington Post. Game Informer described it as "so creative it surpasses even what Hollywood has to offer." GamesRadar praised it as "a game that deserves nothing less than the most absolute recommendation." Cubed3 hailed it as "the greatest video game experience ever created." The graphics of Twilight Princess were lauded for their art style and animation, although the game was designed for the GameCube, which is technically inferior to the next generation consoles. IGN and GameSpy noted the presence of blurry textures and low-resolution characters. Despite these criticisms, Computer and Video Games felt that the game\'s atmosphere was superior to that of any other Zelda game and considered Twilight Princess the best version of Hyrule created. PALGN praised the cinematics, remarking that "the cinematic scenes are the best ever seen in Zelda games." Regarding the Wii version, GameSpot felt the Wii controls were "added," while 1UP.com praised the most impressive Link\'s sword swings in the series. Gaming Nexus considered Twilight Princess\' soundtrack the best of the generation, but IGN criticized its MIDI-formatted songs for their lack "of punch and crispness" compared to their orchestrated counterparts. Hypers Javier Glickman commended the game for its "long quests, excellent Wii controls, and the ability to save at any time." However, he criticized the lack of voice acting, orchestral music, and slightly outdated graphics.', 0.9869572, 1)
('The GameCube and Wii versions feature several minor differences in their controls. The Wii version of the game makes use of the motion sensors and built-in speaker of the Wii Remote. The speaker emits the sounds of a bowstring when shooting an arrow, Midna\'s laugh when she gives advice to Link, and the series\' trademark "chime" when discovering secrets. The player controls Link\'s sword by swinging the Wii Remote. Other attacks are triggered using similar gestures with the Nunchuk. Unique to the GameCube version is the ability for the player to control the camera freely, without entering a special "lookaround" mode required by the Wii; however, in the GameCube version, only two of Link\'s secondary weapons can be equipped at a time, as opposed to four in the Wii version.[g]', ' The GameCube and Wii versions of the game have small control differences. In the Wii game version, the motion sensors and integrated speaker of the Wiimote are used. The speaker emits the sounds of the bow string when an arrow is drawn, Midna\'s laugh when she gives Link advice, and the typical series bell sound when secrets are discovered. The player controls Link\'s sword by swinging the Wiimote. Other attacks are triggered through similar gestures with the Nunchuk. Unique to the GameCube version, the player can freely control the camera without entering the required "look" mode of the Wii; however, only two of Link\'s secondary weapons can be equipped simultaneously in the GameCube version, compared to four in the Wii version.', 0.9869974, 1)
('Chopin\'s relations with Sand were soured in 1846 by problems involving her daughter Solange and Solange\'s fiancé, the young fortune-hunting sculptor Auguste Clésinger. The composer frequently took Solange\'s side in quarrels with her mother; he also faced jealousy from Sand\'s son Maurice. Chopin was utterly indifferent to Sand\'s radical political pursuits, while Sand looked on his society friends with disdain. As the composer\'s illness progressed, Sand had become less of a lover and more of a nurse to Chopin, whom she called her "third child". In letters to third parties, she vented her impatience, referring to him as a "child," a "little angel", a "sufferer" and a "beloved little corpse." In 1847 Sand published her novel Lucrezia Floriani, whose main characters—a rich actress and a prince in weak health—could be interpreted as Sand and Chopin; the story was uncomplimentary to Chopin, who could not have missed the allusions as he helped Sand correct the printer\'s galleys. In 1847 he did not visit Nohant, and he quietly ended their ten-year relationship following an angry correspondence which, in Sand\'s words, made "a strange conclusion to nine years of exclusive friendship." The two would never meet again.', ' Chopin\'s relationship with Sand deteriorated in 1846 due to issues involving their daughter Solange and her fiancé, the wealthy young sculptor Auguste Clésinger. Chopin often took Solange\'s side in her disputes with her mother; he also faced Maurice Sand\'s jealousy. Chopin could not care less about Sand\'s radical political pursuits, while she looked down upon Chopin\'s social friends with contempt. As Chopin\'s illness progressed, Sand was less of a lover and more of a nurse for him, whom she called her "third child." In letters to third parties, she expressed her impatience, referring to him as "child," "little angel," "sufferer," and "dear little body." In 1847, Sand published her novel Lucrezia Floriani, whose main characters - a wealthy actress and a sick prince - could be interpreted as Sand and Chopin; the story was unflattering to Chopin, who could not help but notice the allusions as Sand corrected the proofs. In 1847, he did not visit Nohant, and he ended their ten-year relationship discreetly following an angry correspondence, according to Sand, who made "an odd conclusion to nine years of exclusive friendship." They never met again.', 0.9870223, 1)
('At the end of the Second Anglo-Dutch War, the English gained New Amsterdam (New York) in North America in exchange for Dutch control of Run, an Indonesian island. Several intertribal wars among the Native Americans and some epidemics brought on by contact with the Europeans caused sizable population losses for the Lenape between the years 1660 and 1670. By 1700, the Lenape population had diminished to 200.', ' At the end of the Second Anglo-Dutch War, the English obtained New Amsterdam (New York) in North America in exchange for the Dutch control of Run, an Indonesian island. Intertribal wars among the Americans and certain epidemics caused by contact with Europeans led to significant population losses among the Lenape between the years 1660 and 1670. According to estimates, the Lenape population numbered around 200 people in 1700.', 0.9870557, 1)
('Portugal (Portuguese: [puɾtuˈɣaɫ]), officially the Portuguese Republic (Portuguese: República Portuguesa), is a country on the Iberian Peninsula, in Southwestern Europe. It is the westernmost country of mainland Europe, being bordered by the Atlantic Ocean to the west and south and by Spain to the north and east. The Portugal–Spain border is 1,214 km (754 mi) long and considered the longest uninterrupted border within the European Union. The republic also includes the Atlantic archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira, both autonomous regions with their own regional governments.', ' Portugal (Portuguese: [puʁtuˈɣał]), officially the Portuguese Republic (Portuguese: Republic of Portugal), is a country located on the Iberian Peninsula, in Southwestern Europe. It is the westernmost country of the European continent, bordered by the Atlantic Ocean to the west and south, and Spain to the north and east. The Portuguese-Spanish border has a length of 1,214 km (754 mi) and is considered the longest continuous border within the European Union. The republic also includes the Atlantic archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira, autonomous regions with their own regional governments.', 0.98708105, 1)
('Public transport is essential in New York City. 54.6% of New Yorkers commuted to work in 2005 using mass transit. This is in contrast to the rest of the United States, where about 90% of commuters drive automobiles to their workplace. According to the US Census Bureau, New York City residents spend an average of 38.4 minutes a day getting to work, the longest commute time in the nation among large cities. New York is the only US city in which a majority (52%) of households do not have a car; only 22% of Manhattanites own a car. Due to their high usage of mass transit, New Yorkers spend less of their household income on transportation than the national average, saving $19 billion annually on transportation compared to other urban Americans.', ' The public transportation is essential in New York. In 2005, 54.6% of New Yorkers went to work using public transportation. This contrasts with the rest of the United States, where approximately 90% of commuters went to work in private cars. According to the US Census Bureau, New York residents spent on average 38.4 minutes per day commuting, the longest commute time among major cities in the country. New York is the only city in the United States in which more than half (52%) of households do not own a car; only 22% of Manhattanites do. Due to their heavy use of public transportation, New Yorkers spend less of their monthly revenue on transportation than the national average, saving 19 billion dollars annually compared to urban Americans.', 0.98710024, 1)
('In the 20th century, Portugal engaged in two major conflicts: World War I and the Portuguese Colonial War (1961–1974). After the end of the Portuguese Empire in 1975, the Portuguese Armed Forces have participated in peacekeeping missions in East Timor, Bosnia, Kosovo, Afghanistan, Somalia, Iraq (Nasiriyah) and Lebanon. Portugal also conducted several independent unilateral military operations abroad, as were the cases of the interventions of the Portuguese Armed Forces in Angola in 1992 and in Guinea-Bissau in 1998 with the main objectives of protecting and withdrawing of Portuguese and foreign citizens threatened by local civil conflicts.', ' In the 20th century, Portugal became involved in two major conflicts: the First World War and the Portuguese Colonial War (1961-1974). After the end of the Portuguese Empire in 1975, the Portuguese Armed Forces took part in peacekeeping missions in Timor-West, Bosnia, Kosovo, Afghanistan, Somalia, Iraq (Nasiriyah), and Lebanon. Portugal also conducted several independent foreign military operations, such as the interventions by the Portuguese Armed Forces in Angola in 1992 and in Guinea-Bissau in 1998, with the primary objectives of protecting and evacuating Portuguese and foreign citizens threatened by local civil conflicts.', 0.9871071, 1)
('Anthropologists, along with other social scientists, are working with the US military as part of the US Army\'s strategy in Afghanistan. The Christian Science Monitor reports that "Counterinsurgency efforts focus on better grasping and meeting local needs" in Afghanistan, under the Human Terrain System (HTS) program; in addition, HTS teams are working with the US military in Iraq. In 2009, the American Anthropological Association\'s Commission on the Engagement of Anthropology with the US Security and Intelligence Communities released its final report concluding, in part, that, "When ethnographic investigation is determined by military missions, not subject to external review, where data collection occurs in the context of war, integrated into the goals of counterinsurgency, and in a potentially coercive environment – all characteristic factors of the HTS concept and its application – it can no longer be considered a legitimate professional exercise of anthropology. In summary, while we stress that constructive engagement between anthropology and the military is possible, CEAUSSIC suggests that the AAA emphasize the incompatibility of HTS with disciplinary ethics and practice for job seekers and that it further recognize the problem of allowing HTS to define the meaning of "anthropology" within DoD."', ' Anthropologists, among other social scientists, collaborate with the US military as part of the US Army\'s strategy in Afghanistan. According to the Christian Science Monitor, "counterinsurgency efforts focus on better understanding and addressing local needs" in Afghanistan, under the Human Terrain System (HTS) program; in addition, HTS teams work with the US military in Iraq. In 2009, the American Anthropological Association\'s Commission on the Engagement of Anthropology with US Security and Intelligence Communities released its final report, concluding, in part, that, "when ethnographic investigation is determined by military missions, not subject to external review, collected in the context of war, integrated into the goals of counterinsurgency, and in a potentially coercive environment – all characteristic factors of the HTS concept and its application – it can no longer be considered a legitimate professional exercise of anthropology. In summary, while we stress that constructive engagement between anthropology and the military is possible, CEAUSSIC recommends that the AAA emphasize the incompatibility of HTS with disciplinary ethics and practice for job seekers and that it further recognize the problem of allowing HTS to define the meaning of "anthropology" within DoD."', 0.98716176, 1)
('In the precolonial era, the area of present-day New York City was inhabited by various bands of Algonquian tribes of Native Americans, including the Lenape, whose homeland, known as Lenapehoking, included Staten Island; the western portion of Long Island, including the area that would become Brooklyn and Queens; Manhattan; the Bronx; and the Lower Hudson Valley.', ' In the precolonial era, the current area of New York City was inhabited by various Algonquian tribes, among them the Lenape, whose territory, known as Lenapehoking, encompassed Staten Island; the western part of Long Island, including what would become Brooklyn and Queens; Manhattan; the Bronx; and the lower Hudson Valley.', 0.98717177, 1)
("Ganondorf then revives, and Midna teleports Link and Zelda outside the castle so she can hold him off with the Fused Shadows. However, as Hyrule Castle collapses, it is revealed that Ganondorf was victorious as he crushes Midna's helmet. Ganondorf engages Link on horseback, and, assisted by Zelda and the Light Spirits, Link eventually knocks Ganondorf off his horse and they duel on foot before Link strikes down Ganondorf and plunges the Master Sword into his chest. With Ganondorf dead, the Light Spirits not only bring Midna back to life, but restore her to her true form. After bidding farewell to Link and Zelda, Midna returns home before destroying the Mirror of Twilight with a tear to maintain balance between Hyrule and the Twilight Realm. Near the end, as Hyrule Castle is rebuilt, Link is shown leaving Ordon Village heading to parts unknown.", " Ganondorf revives then, and Midna teleports Link and Zelda out of the castle to keep Ganondorf in check with the Fused Shadows. However, when Hyrule Castle collapses, it is revealed that Ganondorf has won, as he crushes Midna's mask. Ganondorf faces Link on horseback next, and, with Zelda and the Light Spirits, Link manages to knock Ganondorf off his horse and engage him in a foot battle before striking him mortally and plunging the Master Sword into his chest. With Ganondorf dead, the Light Spirits not only revive Midna but restore her to her true form. After bidding farewell to Link and Zelda, Midna returns home before destroying the Mirror of Darkness with a tear to maintain balance between Hyrule and the Dark Realm. Towards the end, as Hyrule Castle is rebuilt, Link is shown leaving Ordon Village towards unknown areas.", 0.9873358, 1)
("In 2014, the city had an estimated population density of 27,858 people per square mile (10,756/km²), rendering it the most densely populated of all municipalities housing over 100,000 residents in the United States; however, several small cities (of fewer than 100,000) in adjacent Hudson County, New Jersey are more dense overall, as per the 2000 Census. Geographically co-extensive with New York County, the borough of Manhattan's population density of 71,672 people per square mile (27,673/km²) makes it the highest of any county in the United States and higher than the density of any individual American city.", ' In 2014, the estimated population density of the city was 27,858 people per square mile (10,756/km²), making it the most densely populated municipality in the US with over 100,000 residents; however, several smaller neighboring towns (with fewer than 100,000 inhabitants) in Hudson County, New Jersey had higher population densities according to the 2000 census. The population density of the borough of Manhattan, which is coextensive with New York County, was 71,672 people per square mile (27,673/km²), making it the most densely populated county in the US and more densely populated than any individual American city.', 0.9873768, 1)
("Christianity (59%), particularly Catholicism (33%), was the most prevalently practiced religion in New York as of 2014, followed by Judaism, with approximately 1.1 million Jews in New York City, over half living in Brooklyn. Islam ranks third in New York City, with official estimates ranging between 600,000 and 1,000,000 observers and including 10% of the city's public schoolchildren, followed by Hinduism, Buddhism, and a variety of other religions, as well as atheism. In 2014, 24% self-identified with no organized religious affiliation.", " Christianity (59%), particularly Catholicism (33%), was the most practiced religion in New York in 2014. Judaism was the second most practiced religion, with approximately 1.1 million Jews in New York, more than half of whom lived in Brooklyn. Islam is the third most practiced religion in New York, with official estimates ranging from 600,000 to 1,000,000 adherents and accounting for 10% of the city's school-aged children. Hinduism, Buddhism, and a variety of other religions, as well as atheism, followed. In 2014, 24% identified as having no organized religious affiliation. (Note: The percentages and numbers are approximate and may vary slightly depending on the source of the data.)", 0.9873769, 1)
('In his usurpation of the throne from the Jianwen Emperor (r. 1398–1402), the Yongle Emperor was aided by the Buddhist monk Yao Guangxiao, and like his father, the Hongwu Emperor, the Yongle Emperor was "well-disposed towards Buddhism", claims Rossabi. On March 10, 1403, the Yongle Emperor invited Deshin Shekpa, 5th Karmapa Lama (1384–1415), to his court, even though the fourth Karmapa had rejected the invitation of the Hongwu Emperor. A Tibetan translation in the 16th century preserves the letter of the Yongle Emperor, which the Association for Asian Studies notes is polite and complimentary towards the Karmapa. The letter of invitation reads,', ' In his usurpation of the throne of Emperor Jianwen (r. 1398-1402), Emperor Yongle was aided by the Buddhist monk Yao Guangxiao. And, like his father, Emperor Hongwu, Emperor Yongle was "well disposed towards Buddhism," according to Rossabi. On March 10, 1403, Emperor Yongle invited Deshin Shekpa, the 5th Karmapa Lama (1384-1415), to his court, despite the refusal of the invitation by Emperor Hongwu. A Tibetan text from the 16th century preserves the letter of Emperor Yongle, which the Association for Asian Studies notes as being polite and complimentary towards the Karmapa. The invitation letter reads:Translation: [Letter of Emperor Yongle to Deshin Shekpa, 5th Karmapa][Missing text]Your greatness and your wisdom are incomparable,I am happy to see you come to my court,I am deeply impressed by your great reputation,I am eager to receive your teachings,I am ready to offer you all the goods that I possess,I am ready to offer you a land and a residence,I am ready to offer you offerings and gifts,I am ready to offer you servants and eunuchs,I am ready to offer you horses and mounts,I am ready to offer you clothes and jewelry,I am ready to offer you food and drink,I am ready to offer you cultural goods and books,I am ready to offer you practical goods and supplies,I am ready to offer you rare', 0.9874457, 1)
('After years of high increase, the unemployment in Portugal has been in a continuous falling trend since the third quarter of 2014, decreasing from a peak of 17.7% achieved in the early 2013 to a rate of 11.9% in the second quarter of 2015. However, it is high still high compared with what was the normal average Portuguese unemployment rate in the past. In the second quarter of 2008 the unemployment rate was 7.3%, but the rate immediately rose the following period. By December 2009, unemployment had surpassed the 10% mark nationwide in the wake of worldwide events, by 2010, the rate was around 11% and in 2011 it was above 12%.[citation needed] The first quarter of 2013 signified a new unemployment rate record for Portugal, as it reached 17.7%— up from 17% in the previous quarter — and the Government has predicted an 18.5% unemployment rate in 2014. However, in the third quarter of the same year, it has surprisingly declined to a rate of 15.6%. From then on, the unemployment downtrend continued, declining to 13.9% in the second semester of 2014 and to 11.9% in the second quarter of 2015.', " For several years, unemployment in Portugal has been following a continuous downward trend since the third quarter of 2014, dropping from its peak of 17.7% reached at the beginning of 2013 to a rate of 11.9% in the second quarter of 2015. However, it remains high compared to the average Portuguese unemployment rate of the past. In the second quarter of 2008, the unemployment rate was 7.3%, but it immediately increased in the following period. By December 2009, unemployment had surpassed 10% nationally in the wake of global events, and in 2010, the rate was around 11% and in 2011, it was above 12%. [source required] The first quarter of 2013 marked a new record for Portugal's unemployment rate, reaching 17.7%—an increase of 17% from the previous quarter—and the government predicted an unemployment rate of 18.5% in 2014. However, by the third quarter of the same year, it had unexpectedly dropped to a rate of 15.6%. Since then, the downward trend in unemployment has continued, reaching 13.9% in the second half of 2014 and 11.9% in the second quarter of 2015.", 0.98755, 1)
('A Spanish expedition led by captain Estêvão Gomes, a Portuguese sailing for Emperor Charles V, arrived in New York Harbor in January 1525 aboard the purpose-built caravel "La Anunciada" and charted the mouth of the Hudson River, which he named Rio de San Antonio. Heavy ice kept him from further exploration, and he returned to Spain in August. The first scientific map to show the North American East coast continuously, the 1527 world map known as the Padrón Real, was informed by Gomes\' expedition, and labeled the Northeast as Tierra de Esteban Gómez in his honor.', ' A Spanish expedition led by captain Estêvão Gomes, sailing for Emperor Charles V, reached New York Harbor in January 1525 on board the caravel "La Anunciada". They charted the mouth of the Hudson River, which he named Rio de San Antonio. Heavy ice hindered further exploration, and he returned to Spain in August. The first scientific map to depict the North American East coast continuously, the 1527 world map known as the Padrón Real, was influenced by Gomes\' expedition, and labeled the Northeast as Tierra de Esteban Gómez in his honor.', 0.98755664, 1)
('China Daily, a CCP-controlled news organization since 1981, states in a 2008 article that although there were dynastic changes after Tibet was incorporated into the territory of Yuan dynasty\'s China in the 13th century, "Tibet has remained under the jurisdiction of the central government of China." It also states that the Ming dynasty "inherited the right to rule Tibet" from the Yuan dynasty, and repeats the claims in the Mingshi about the Ming establishing two itinerant high commands over Tibet. China Daily states that the Ming handled Tibet\'s civil administration, appointed all leading officials of these administrative organs, and punished Tibetans who broke the law. The party-controlled People\'s Daily, the state-controlled Xinhua News Agency, and the state-controlled national television network China Central Television posted the same article that China Daily had, the only difference being their headlines and some additional text.', 'The China Daily, a Chinese Communist Party-controlled news organization since 1981, claimed in a 2008 article that despite dynastic changes after Tibet\'s incorporation into Chinese territory during the Yuan Dynasty in the 13th century, "Tibet remained under the jurisdiction of the central Chinese government." It also repeated that the Ming Dynasty inherited the right to rule over Tibet from the Yuan Dynasty, and reiterated the Ming Dynasty\'s claims about the establishment of two traveling commanderies in Tibet by the Ming Dynasty. The China Daily stated that the Ming Dynasty managed the civil administration of Tibet, appointed all major officials of these administrative bodies, and punished Tibetans who had violated the law. The People\'s Daily, Xinhua News Agency\'s state-controlled organ and China Central Television\'s state-controlled television network, published the same article as the China Daily, with only their headlines and some additional text differing.', 0.98756063, 1)
("The land within the borders of current Portugal has been continuously settled and fought over since prehistoric times. The Celts and the Romans were followed by the Visigothic and the Suebi Germanic peoples, who were themselves later invaded by the Moors. These Muslim peoples were eventually expelled during the Christian Reconquista of the peninsula. By 1139, Portugal had established itself as a kingdom independent from León. In the 15th and 16th centuries, as the result of pioneering the Age of Discovery, Portugal expanded Western influence and established the first global empire, becoming one of the world's major economic, political and military powers.", ' The territory located within the current borders of Portugal has been continuously inhabited and fought over since prehistoric times. The Celts and Romans were followed by the Visigoths and Suebes, Germanic peoples themselves later invaded by the Moors. These Muslim peoples were eventually expelled during the Christian Reconquista of the Iberian Peninsula. As early as 1139, Portugal had established itself as an independent kingdom from León. In the 15th and 16th centuries, due to their pioneering age of discovery, Portugal extended its western influence and established the first global empire, becoming one of the most economically, politically, and militarily powerful entities in the world.', 0.9875819, 1)
("Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus. The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross. The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr. Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college. It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France. The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr. Sorin to be artist in residence. The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon. Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic. The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France. It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus.", ' Due to its Catholic identity, a certain number of religious buildings are located on the campus. The old College building has become one of the two seminaries on campus managed by the Congregation of the Cross. The current Basilica of Sacré-Cœur is located on the same site as the original church of Father Sorin, which had become too small for the growing college. It was built in the French Renaissance style and is decorated with stained glass imported directly from France. The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Father Sorin to be the resident artist. The Basilica also has a bell tower. The interior of the church also has sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic. The Our Lady of Lourdes Grotto, built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France. It is very popular among students and alumni due to its use as a place of prayer and meditation, and is considered one of the favorite places on campus.', 0.9875914, 1)
('Thermal mass is any material that can be used to store heat—heat from the Sun in the case of solar energy. Common thermal mass materials include stone, cement and water. Historically they have been used in arid climates or warm temperate regions to keep buildings cool by absorbing solar energy during the day and radiating stored heat to the cooler atmosphere at night. However, they can be used in cold temperate areas to maintain warmth as well. The size and placement of thermal mass depend on several factors such as climate, daylighting and shading conditions. When properly incorporated, thermal mass maintains space temperatures in a comfortable range and reduces the need for auxiliary heating and cooling equipment.', ' The thermal mass is any material capable of storing heat - the heat of the Sun in the case of solar energy. Common thermal mass materials include stone, concrete, and water. Historically, they have been used in arid or temperate warm climates to keep buildings cool by absorbing daily solar energy and radiating stored heat to the colder nighttime atmosphere. However, they can also be used in temperate cold regions to retain heat. The size and position of the thermal mass depend on various factors such as climate, lighting conditions, and shading. When correctly integrated, thermal mass maintains temperatures in a comfortable range and reduces the need for additional heating and cooling equipment.', 0.9876267, 1)
('The parliamentary elections of 2005 aroused many accusations from opposition parties and international observers that President Emomalii Rahmon corruptly manipulates the election process and unemployment. The most recent elections, in February 2010, saw the ruling PDPT lose four seats in Parliament, yet still maintain a comfortable majority. The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe election observers said the 2010 polling "failed to meet many key OSCE commitments" and that "these elections failed on many basic democratic standards." The government insisted that only minor violations had occurred, which would not affect the will of the Tajik people.', ' The 2005 parliamentary elections raised numerous accusations from opposition parties and international observers that President Emomali Rahmon corruptly manipulated the electoral process and the employment situation. The latest elections in February 2010 saw the PDPT losing four seats in Parliament but maintaining a comfortable majority. The OSCE observers declared that the 2010 elections "did not meet many key commitments of the OSCE" and that "these elections did not meet many basic democratic standards." The government insisted that only minor infractions had occurred, which would not affect the will of the Tajik people.', 0.9877442, 1)
('At the end of November, Chopin returned to Paris. He passed the winter in unremitting illness, but gave occasional lessons and was visited by friends, including Delacroix and Franchomme. Occasionally he played, or accompanied the singing of Delfina Potocka, for his friends. During the summer of 1849, his friends found him an apartment in Chaillot, out of the centre of the city, for which the rent was secretly subsidised by an admirer, Princess Obreskoff. Here in June 1849 he was visited by Jenny Lind.', ' At the end of November, Chopin returned to Paris. He spent the winter in uninterrupted illness, but he gave occasional lessons and was visited by friends, including Delacroix and Franchomme. Sometimes he played, or accompanied the singing of Delfina Potocka, for his friends. In the spring of 1849, his friends found him an apartment at Chaillot, outside the city, for which the rent was secretly subsidized by an admirer, the Princess Obreskoff. There, in June 1849, he was visited by Jenny Lind.', 0.98776907, 1)
('Beyoncé has received praise for her stage presence and voice during live performances. Jarett Wieselman of the New York Post placed her at number one on her list of the Five Best Singer/Dancers. According to Barbara Ellen of The Guardian Beyoncé is the most in-charge female artist she\'s seen onstage, while Alice Jones of The Independent wrote she "takes her role as entertainer so seriously she\'s almost too good." The ex-President of Def Jam L.A. Reid has described Beyoncé as the greatest entertainer alive. Jim Farber of the Daily News and Stephanie Classen of Star Phoenix both praised her strong voice and her stage presence.', ' Beyoncé received praise for her stage presence and voice during live performances. Jarett Wieselman of the New York Post ranked her first on his list of the Five Best Performing Artists. According to Barbara Ellen of the Guardian, Beyoncé is the most in-charge woman seen on stage. Alice Jones of the Independent wrote that she "takes her role as performer so seriously, she\'s almost too good." Former President of Def Jam L.A., L.A. Reid, described her as the greatest living artist. Jim Farber of the Daily News and Stephanie Classen of Star Phoenix both praised her powerful voice and stage presence.', 0.98778856, 1)
('In 1975, the first practical solar boat was constructed in England. By 1995, passenger boats incorporating PV panels began appearing and are now used extensively. In 1996, Kenichi Horie made the first solar powered crossing of the Pacific Ocean, and the sun21 catamaran made the first solar powered crossing of the Atlantic Ocean in the winter of 2006–2007. There were plans to circumnavigate the globe in 2010.', ' In 1975, the first solar boat was built in England. From 1995, passenger boats integrating solar panels started to appear and are now used on a large scale. In 1996, Kenichi Horie made the first solar crossing of the Pacific Ocean, and the catamaran sun21 made the first solar crossing of the Atlantic Ocean during winter 2006-2007. There were plans to make a world tour in 2010.', 0.98782265, 1)
("Agriculture in Portugal is based on small to medium-sized family-owned dispersed units. However, the sector also includes larger scale intensive farming export-oriented agrobusinesses backed by companies (like Grupo RAR's Vitacress, Sovena, Lactogal, Vale da Rosa, Companhia das Lezírias and Valouro). The country produces a wide variety of crops and livestock products, including tomatoes, citrus, green vegetables, rice, corn, barley, olives, oilseeds, nuts, cherries, bilberry, table grapes, edible mushrooms, dairy products, poultry and beef.", ' Agriculture in Portugal is based on medium-sized to family-owned and dispersed farming operations. However, the sector also includes large-scale and intensive farming operations, export-oriented, supported by companies (such as Grupo RARs Vitacress, Sovena, Lactogal, Vale da Rosa, Companhia das Lezírias and Valouro). The country produces a wide range of crops and animal products, including tomatoes, lemons, green vegetables, rice, corn, wheat, olives, oilseeds, almonds, cherries, blueberries, table grapes, mushrooms, dairy products, poultry, and beef.', 0.9878297, 1)
('Apple introduced a new 8-pin dock connector, named Lightning, on September 12, 2012 with their announcement of the iPhone 5, the fifth generation iPod Touch, and the seventh generation iPod Nano, which all feature it. The new connector replaces the older 30-pin dock connector used by older iPods, iPhones, and iPads. Apple Lightning cables have pins on both sides of the plug so it can be inserted with either side facing up.', " Apple introduced a new 8-pin dock connector, named Lightning, on September 12, 2012 with their announcement of the iPhone 5, the fifth generation iPod Touch, and the seventh generation iPod Nano. The new connector replaces the older 30-pin dock connector and is used by these devices. Apple's Lightning cables have pins on both sides of the plug, allowing for easy insertion regardless of the orientation.", 0.98783576, 1)
('Sunni Islam of the Hanafi school has been officially recognized by the government since 2009. Tajikistan considers itself a secular state with a Constitution providing for freedom of religion. The Government has declared two Islamic holidays, Id Al-Fitr and Idi Qurbon, as state holidays. According to a U.S. State Department release and Pew research group, the population of Tajikistan is 98% Muslim. Approximately 87%–95% of them are Sunni and roughly 3% are Shia and roughly 7% are non-denominational Muslims. The remaining 2% of the population are followers of Russian Orthodoxy, Protestantism, Zoroastrianism and Buddhism. A great majority of Muslims fast during Ramadan, although only about one third in the countryside and 10% in the cities observe daily prayer and dietary restrictions.', "Since 2009, the Sunni Islam of the Hanafi school has been officially recognized by the government in Tajikistan. Tajikistan considers itself a secular state, with a Constitution guaranteeing freedom of religion. The government has declared Id Al-Fitr and Idi Qurbon as national holidays. According to a U.S. State Department report and Pew research, approximately 98% of Tajikistan's population is Muslim. Of these, about 87%-95% are Sunni, and around 3% are Shia, with roughly 7% being non-denominational Muslims. The remaining 2% of the population follow Russian Orthodoxy, Protestantism, Zoroastrianism, or Buddhism. A large majority of Muslims fast during Ramadan, although only about one third in rural areas and 10% in cities practice daily prayer and dietary restrictions.", 0.9878387, 1)
('In October 2014, Beyoncé signed a deal to launch an activewear line of clothing with British fashion retailer Topshop. The 50-50 venture is called Parkwood Topshop Athletic Ltd and is scheduled to launch its first dance, fitness and sports ranges in autumn 2015. The line will launch in April 2016.', ' In October 2014, Beyoncé signed a deal to launch an athletic wear line with British fashion retailer Topshop. This joint venture is called Parkwood Topshop Athletic Ltd and should launch its first collections of dance, fitness, and sports wear for fall 2015. The line will be launched in April 2016.', 0.9878539, 1)
('The State Council declared a three-day period of national mourning for the quake victims starting from May 19, 2008; the PRC\'s National Flag and Regional Flags of Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions flown at half mast. It was the first time that a national mourning period had been declared for something other than the death of a state leader, and many have called it the biggest display of mourning since the death of Mao Zedong. At 14:28 CST on May 19, 2008, a week after the earthquake, the Chinese public held a moment of silence. People stood silent for three minutes while air defense, police and fire sirens, and the horns of vehicles, vessels and trains sounded. Cars and trucks on Beijing\'s roads also came to a halt. People spontaneously burst into cheering "Zhongguo jiayou!" (Let\'s go, China!) and "Sichuan jiayou" (Let\'s go, Sichuan!) afterwards.', ' The State Council declared a three-day national mourning period starting from May 19, 2008, for the victims of the Sichuan earthquake. The national and regional flags of Hong Kong and Macao in the Special Administrative Regions were hoisted halfway. This was the first time a national mourning period was declared for something other than a state leader\'s death, and many called it the greatest display of mourning since Mao Zedong\'s death. At 14:28 CST on May 19, 2008, a week after the earthquake, the Chinese public observed a moment of silence. People remained silent for three minutes while air raid sirens, police and fire department sirens, and vehicle, ship, and train horns sounded. Cars and trucks on Beijing\'s roads were also stopped. People spontaneously applauded "Zhongguo jiayou!" (China will overcome!) and "Sichuan jiayou" (Sichuan will overcome!) after the silence.', 0.98788124, 1)
("Drug trafficking is the major illegal source of income in Tajikistan as it is an important transit country for Afghan narcotics bound for Russian and, to a lesser extent, Western European markets; some opium poppy is also raised locally for the domestic market. However, with the increasing assistance from international organizations, such as UNODC, and cooperation with the US, Russian, EU and Afghan authorities a level of progress on the fight against illegal drug-trafficking is being achieved. Tajikistan holds third place in the world for heroin and raw opium confiscations (1216.3 kg of heroin and 267.8 kg of raw opium in the first half of 2006). Drug money corrupts the country's government; according to some experts the well-known personalities that fought on both sides of the civil war and have held the positions in the government after the armistice was signed are now involved in the drug trade. UNODC is working with Tajikistan to strengthen border crossings, provide training, and set up joint interdiction teams. It also helped to establish Tajikistani Drug Control Agency.", ' Drug trafficking is the primary source of illegal income in Tajikistan due to the country being an important transit point for Afghan narcotics bound for Russian and Western European markets. Local poppy fields for opium production also exist for the domestic market. However, with the increasing aid of international organizations such as UNODC and the cooperation of American, Russian, European, and Afghan authorities, some progress has been made in the fight against illegal drug trafficking. Tajikistan ranks third in the world for heroin and raw opium seizures, with 1216.3 kg of heroin and 267.8 kg of raw opium seized in the first half of 2006. Drug money corrupts the Tajik government; some experts claim that well-known figures who fought on both sides of the civil war and held government positions after the ceasefire have been involved in drug trafficking. UNODC collaborates with Tajikistan to strengthen border checkpoints, provide training, and establish joint enforcement teams. It has also contributed to the creation of the Tajik Drug Control Agency.', 0.98788273, 1)
('Reginald DesRoches, a professor of civil and environmental engineering at Georgia Tech, pointed out that the massive damage of properties and houses in the earthquake area was because China did not create an adequate seismic design code until after the devastating 1976 Tangshan earthquake. DesRoches said: "If the buildings were older and built prior to that 1976 earthquake, chances are they weren\'t built for adequate earthquake forces."', ' Reginald DesRoches, a professor of civil and environmental engineering at Georgia Tech, pointed out that the extensive damage to properties and houses in the earthquake-stricken region was due to China not having a sufficient seismic design code in place until after the catastrophic 1976 Tangshan earthquake. DesRoches stated: "If the buildings were older and constructed prior to that 1976 earthquake, it is probable that they were not engineered to withstand adequate earthquake forces."', 0.98794734, 1)
('Tajikistan means the "Land of the Tajiks". The suffix "-stan" (Persian: ـستان\u200e\u200e -stān) is Persian for "place of" or "country" and Tajik is, most likely, the name of a pre-Islamic (before the seventh century A.D.) tribe. According to the Library of Congress\'s 1997 Country Study of Tajikistan, it is difficult to definitively state the origins of the word "Tajik" because the term is "embroiled in twentieth-century political disputes about whether Turkic or Iranian peoples were the original inhabitants of Central Asia."', ' Tajikistan signifies the "Land of the Tajiks". The suffix "-stan" means "place of" or "country" in Persian, and Tajik is, with great probability, the name of a pre-Islamic (before the seventh century A.D.) tribe. According to the 1997 Country Study of Tajikistan by the Library of Congress, it is difficult to definitively state the origins of the word "Tajik" due to twentieth-century political disputes about whether Turkic or Iranian peoples were the original inhabitants of Central Asia.', 0.9879607, 1)
('Fryderyk Chopin was born in Żelazowa Wola, 46 kilometres (29 miles) west of Warsaw, in what was then the Duchy of Warsaw, a Polish state established by Napoleon. The parish baptismal record gives his birthday as 22 February 1810, and cites his given names in the Latin form Fridericus Franciscus (in Polish, he was Fryderyk Franciszek). However, the composer and his family used the birthdate 1 March,[n 2] which is now generally accepted as the correct date.', ' Fryderyk Chopin was born in Żelazowa Wola, 46 kilometers (29 miles) to the west of Warsaw, in what was then the Duchy of Warsaw, a Polish state established by Napoleon. The parish register of his baptism records his birth date as February 22, 1810, and lists his given names in the Latin form Fridericus Franciscus (in Polish, he was known as Fryderyk Franciszek). However, the composer and his family used the birth date of March 1, [n 2], which is now generally accepted as the correct date.Note: [n 2] : This note cannot be translated to French as it is a reference to a footnote in the original text.', 0.9879715, 1)
('According to Chinese state officials, the quake caused 69,180 known deaths including 68,636 in Sichuan province; 18,498 people are listed as missing, and 374,176 injured, but these figures may further increase as more reports come in.[dated info] This estimate includes 158 earthquake relief workers who were killed in landslides as they tried to repair roads.', 'According to Chinese state officials, the earthquake caused 69,180 reported deaths. Of that number, 68,636 deaths occurred in Sichuan province. There were 18,498 people reported missing and 374,176 injuries. However, these figures may still increase as more reports come in.This figure includes 158 earthquake relief workers who were killed by landslides as they tried to repair roads.', 0.98800087, 1)
("New York grew in importance as a trading port while under British rule in the early 1700s. It also became a center of slavery, with 42% of households holding slaves by 1730, more than any other city other than Charleston, South Carolina. Most slaveholders held a few or several domestic slaves, but others hired them out to work at labor. Slavery became integrally tied to New York's economy through the labor of slaves throughout the port, and the banks and shipping tied to the South. Discovery of the African Burying Ground in the 1990s, during construction of a new federal courthouse near Foley Square, revealed that tens of thousands of Africans had been buried in the area in the colonial years.", " New York gained importance as a commercial port under British rule in the early 1700s. It also became the center of slavery, with 42% of households owning slaves as early as 1730, more than any other city except Charleston, South Carolina. Most slave owners had a few or several domestic slaves, but others rented them out to work. Slavery was essential to New York's economy due to the slaves' labor at the port, and the banks and transportation industries related to the South. The discovery of the Ground Burial African Cemetery in the 1990s, during the construction of a new federal courthouse near Foley Square, revealed that thousands of Afro-Americans had been buried in the area during colonial times.", 0.98802, 1)
("Winters are cold and damp, and prevailing wind patterns that blow offshore minimize the moderating effects of the Atlantic Ocean; yet the Atlantic and the partial shielding from colder air by the Appalachians keep the city warmer in the winter than inland North American cities at similar or lesser latitudes such as Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, and Indianapolis. The daily mean temperature in January, the area's coldest month, is 32.6 °F (0.3 °C); however, temperatures usually drop to 10 °F (−12 °C) several times per winter, and reach 50 °F (10 °C) several days each winter month. Spring and autumn are unpredictable and can range from chilly to warm, although they are usually mild with low humidity. Summers are typically warm to hot and humid, with a daily mean temperature of 76.5 °F (24.7 °C) in July and an average humidity level of 72%. Nighttime conditions are often exacerbated by the urban heat island phenomenon, while daytime temperatures exceed 90 °F (32 °C) on average of 17 days each summer and in some years exceed 100 °F (38 °C). In the warmer months, the dew point, a measure of atmospheric moisture, ranges from 57.3 °F (14.1 °C) in June to 62.0 °F (16.7 °C) in August. Extreme temperatures have ranged from −15 °F (−26 °C), recorded on February 9, 1934, up to 106 °F (41 °C) on July 9, 1936.", 'Winter are cold and humid, and the prevailing wind patterns blowing over the sea minimize the moderating effects of the Atlantic; however, the Atlantic and the partial protection of the warmer temperature by the Appalaches keep the city warmer in winter than northern American cities at similar or lower latitudes such as Pittsburgh, Cincinnati and Indianapolis. The average daily temperature in January, the coldest month, is 0.3 °C (32.6 °F); however, temperatures drop to -12 °C (10 °F) several times during the winter, and reach 10 °C (50 °F) several days each month of winter. Autumn and spring are unpredictable and can range from cold to warm, although it is generally moderate with low humidity. Summers are usually hot to torrid and humid, with an average daily temperature of 24.7 °C (76.5 °F) in July and a mean humidity of 72 %. Nighttime conditions are often exacerbated by the urban heat island effect, while temperatures exceed 32 °C (90 °F) on average 17 days per summer and sometimes reach over 38 °C (106 °F). In warm months, the temperature dew point spread, a measure of atmospheric humidity, ranges from 14.1 °C (57.3 °F) in June to 16.7 °C (62.0 °F) in August. Temperature extremes have ranged from -26 °C (-15 °F), recorded on February 9, 1934, to over 41 °C (106 °F) on July 9, 1936.', 0.98804504, 0)
('The Kushan Empire, a collection of Yuezhi tribes, took control of the region in the first century CE and ruled until the 4th century CE during which time Buddhism, Nestorian Christianity, Zoroastrianism, and Manichaeism were all practiced in the region. Later the Hephthalite Empire, a collection of nomadic tribes, moved into the region and Arabs brought Islam in the early eighth century. Central Asia continued in its role as a commercial crossroads, linking China, the steppes to the north, and the Islamic heartland.', ' The Kushan Empire, a collection of Yuezhi tribes, took control of the region in the first century of our era and ruled until the fourth century of our era. During this time, Buddhism, Nestorianism, Zoroastrianism, and Manichaeism were practiced in the region. Later, the Hephthalite Empires, a collection of nomadic tribes, entered the region, and the Arabs introduced Islam around the beginning of the eighth century. Central Asia continued to play its role as a commercial crossroads, connecting China, the northern steppes, and the Islamic heartland.', 0.9880503, 1)
('In Paris, Chopin encountered artists and other distinguished figures, and found many opportunities to exercise his talents and achieve celebrity. During his years in Paris he was to become acquainted with, among many others, Hector Berlioz, Franz Liszt, Ferdinand Hiller, Heinrich Heine, Eugène Delacroix, and Alfred de Vigny. Chopin was also acquainted with the poet Adam Mickiewicz, principal of the Polish Literary Society, some of whose verses he set as songs.', ' In Paris, Chopin met artists and other distinguished people, and found numerous opportunities to utilize his talents and gain recognition. During his years in Paris, he became known to many, including Hector Berlioz, Franz Liszt, Ferdinand Hiller, Heinrich Heine, Eugène Delacroix and Alfred de Vigny. Chopin was also known to the poet Adam Mickiewicz, head of the Polish Literary Society, whose verses he set to music as songs.', 0.9880519, 1)
("Approximately 37% of the city's population is foreign born. In New York, no single country or region of origin dominates. The ten largest sources of foreign-born individuals in the city as of 2011 were the Dominican Republic, China, Mexico, Guyana, Jamaica, Ecuador, Haiti, India, Russia, and Trinidad and Tobago, while the Bangladeshi immigrant population has since become one of the fastest growing in the city, counting over 74,000 by 2013.", " Approximately 37% of a city's population is made up of foreign-born individuals. In New York, no country or region of origin stands out significantly. The ten largest groups of foreign individuals in the city, up until 2011, were from the Dominican Republic, China, Mexico, French Guiana, Jamaica, Ecuador, Haiti, India, Russia, and Trinidad and Tobago. However, the Bangladeshi immigrant population has since become one of the fastest growing in the city, with over 74,000 individuals in 2013.", 0.988134, 1)
("Bond disobeys M's order and travels to Rome to attend Sciarra's funeral. That evening he visits Sciarra's widow Lucia, who tells him about Spectre, a criminal organisation to which her husband belonged. Bond infiltrates a Spectre meeting, where he identifies the leader, Franz Oberhauser. When Oberhauser addresses Bond by name, he escapes and is pursued by Mr. Hinx, a Spectre assassin. Moneypenny informs Bond that the information he collected leads to Mr. White, former member of Quantum, a subsidiary of Spectre. Bond asks her to investigate Oberhauser, who was presumed dead years earlier.", " Bond disregards M's order and goes to Rome for Sciara's funeral. That night, he visits Sciara's widow, Lucia, who speaks to him about Spectre, a criminal organization to which her husband belonged. Bond infiltrates a Spectre meeting, where he identifies the head, Franz Oberhauser. When Oberhauser calls him by name, he is unmasked and pursued by Mr. Hinx, a Spectre hitman. Moneypenny informs Bond that the intelligence he has gathered leads to Mr. Blanc, a former Quantum member, a Spectre affiliate. Bond asks her to investigate Oberhauser, who was presumed dead years ago.", 0.98815614, 0)
('Greenhouses convert solar light to heat, enabling year-round production and the growth (in enclosed environments) of specialty crops and other plants not naturally suited to the local climate. Primitive greenhouses were first used during Roman times to produce cucumbers year-round for the Roman emperor Tiberius. The first modern greenhouses were built in Europe in the 16th century to keep exotic plants brought back from explorations abroad. Greenhouses remain an important part of horticulture today, and plastic transparent materials have also been used to similar effect in polytunnels and row covers.', ' Greenhouses convert solar light into heat, allowing for annual production and growth (in enclosed environments) of special cultures and plants other than those naturally adapted to the local climate. The earliest greenhouses were used during Roman times to produce cucumbers year-round for Emperor Tiberius. The first modern greenhouses were built in Europe during the 16th century to conserve exotic plants brought back from foreign explorations. Greenhouses continue to be an integral part of horticulture today, and transparent plastic materials have also been used for similar purposes in poly tunnels and row covers.', 0.98816, 1)
('After wrapping up in England, production travelled to Morocco in June, with filming taking place in Oujda, Tangier and Erfoud, after preliminary work was completed by the production\'s second unit. An explosion filmed in Morocco holds a Guinness World Record for the "Largest film stunt explosion" in cinematic history, with the record credited to production designer Chris Corbould. Principal photography concluded on 5 July 2015. A wrap-up party for Spectre was held in commemoration before entering post-production. Filming took 128 days.', ' After completing in England, the production traveled to Morocco in June, with filming taking place in Oujda, Tanger and Erfoud, after preliminary work was carried out by the secondary production team. A filmed explosion in Morocco holds the Guinness World Record for the "largest film stunt explosion" in cinema history, with the record being attributed to production designer Chris Corbould. Principal photography ended on July 5, 2015. A closing event for Spectre was organized in its honor before entering post-production. Filming lasted for 128 days.', 0.98818314, 1)
('The Zhengde Emperor (r. 1505–1521), who enjoyed the company of lamas at court despite protests from the censorate, had heard tales of a "living Buddha" which he desired to host at the Ming capital; this was none other than the Rinpung-supported Mikyö Dorje, 8th Karmapa Lama then occupying Lhasa. Zhengde\'s top advisors made every attempt to dissuade him from inviting this lama to court, arguing that Tibetan Buddhism was wildly heterodox and unorthodox. Despite protests by the Grand Secretary Liang Chu, in 1515 the Zhengde Emperor sent his eunuch official Liu Yun of the Palace Chancellery on a mission to invite this Karmapa to Beijing. Liu commanded a fleet of hundreds of ships requisitioned along the Yangtze, consuming 2,835 g (100 oz) of silver a day in food expenses while stationed for a year in Chengdu of Sichuan. After procurring necessary gifts for the mission, he departed with a cavalry force of about 1,000 troops. When the request was delivered, the Karmapa lama refused to leave Tibet despite the Ming force brought to coerce him. The Karmapa launched a surprise ambush on Liu Yun\'s camp, seizing all the goods and valuables while killing or wounding half of Liu Yun\'s entire escort. After this fiasco, Liu fled for his life, but only returned to Chengdu several years later to find that the Zhengde Emperor had died.', ' Emperor Zhengde (r. 1505-1521), who appreciated the company of lamas at court despite the protests of the censors, had heard tales of a "Living Buddha" who desired to come to the capital Ming. This was none other than Mikyö Dorje, the 8th Karmapa Lama, who was residing in Lhasa at the time. The closest advisors of Emperor Zhengde made every effort to dissuade him from inviting this lama to court, arguing that Tibetan Buddhism was wildly heterodox and heretic. Despite the objections of Grand Secretary Liang Chu, in 1515, Emperor Zhengde sent his eunuch official Liu Yun from the Palace Chancellery on a mission to invite this Karmapa to Beijing. Liu commanded a fleet of hundreds of ships seized along the Yangtze, consuming 2.835 g (100 oz) of silver per day in food expenses for a year in Chengdu, Sichuan. After procuring the necessary gifts for the mission, he set out with an army of approximately 1,000 soldiers. When the request was delivered, the Karmapa refused to leave Tibet despite the Ming forces sent to compel him. The Karmapa launched a surprise ambush on Liu Yun\'s camp, seizing all their possessions and valuables by killing or injuring half of his escort. After this incident, Liu fled for his life, but did not return to Chengdu until several years later to discover that Emperor Zhengde had passed away.', 0.98824596, 1)
("Two rounds of Soviet purges directed by Moscow (1927–1934 and 1937–1938) resulted in the expulsion of nearly 10,000 people, from all levels of the Communist Party of Tajikistan. Ethnic Russians were sent in to replace those expelled and subsequently Russians dominated party positions at all levels, including the top position of first secretary. Between 1926 and 1959 the proportion of Russians among Tajikistan's population grew from less than 1% to 13%. Bobojon Ghafurov, Tajikistan's First Secretary of the Communist Party of Tajikistan from 1946–1956 was the only Tajikistani politician of significance outside of the country during the Soviet Era. He was followed in office by Tursun Uljabayev (1956–61), Jabbor Rasulov (1961–1982), and Rahmon Nabiyev (1982–1985, 1991–1992).", " Two Soviet purges led from Moscow (1927-1934 and 1937-1938) resulted in the expulsion of nearly 10,000 people from all levels of the Communist Party of Tajikistan. Russians were sent in place of those expelled, and subsequently Russians held positions of power at all levels, including the highest position of first secretary. Between 1926 and 1959, the percentage of Russians in Tajikistan's population increased from less than 1% to 13%. Bobojon Ghafurov, first secretary of the Communist Party of Tajikistan from 1946 to 1956, was the only significant Tajik politician during the Soviet era. He was followed in his role by Tursun Uljabayev (1956-61), Jabbor Rasulov (1961-1982), and Rahmon Nabiyev (1982-1985, 1991-1992).", 0.9882704, 1)
('At the end of 1831, Chopin received the first major endorsement from an outstanding contemporary when Robert Schumann, reviewing the Op. 2 Variations in the Allgemeine musikalische Zeitung (his first published article on music), declared: "Hats off, gentlemen! A genius." On 26 February 1832 Chopin gave a debut Paris concert at the Salle Pleyel which drew universal admiration. The critic François-Joseph Fétis wrote in the Revue et gazette musicale: "Here is a young man who ... taking no model, has found, if not a complete renewal of piano music, ... an abundance of original ideas of a kind to be found nowhere else ..." After this concert, Chopin realized that his essentially intimate keyboard technique was not optimal for large concert spaces. Later that year he was introduced to the wealthy Rothschild banking family, whose patronage also opened doors for him to other private salons (social gatherings of the aristocracy and artistic and literary elite). By the end of 1832 Chopin had established himself among the Parisian musical elite, and had earned the respect of his peers such as Hiller, Liszt, and Berlioz. He no longer depended financially upon his father, and in the winter of 1832 he began earning a handsome income from publishing his works and teaching piano to affluent students from all over Europe. This freed him from the strains of public concert-giving, which he disliked.', ' In the aftermath of 1831, Chopin received the first major approval of a notable contemporary when Robert Schumann, in the Allgemeine musikalische Zeitung (his first published article on music), wrote: "Hats off, gentlemen! A genius." On February 26, 1832, Chopin gave his first concert in Paris at Salle Pleyel, which caused universal admiration. The critic François-Joseph Fétis wrote in the Revue et gazette musicale: "Here is a young man who ... without taking any model, has found, if it is not a complete revolution of keyboard music, ... an abundance of original ideas of the new genre ..." After this concert, Chopin realized that his essentially intimate keyboard technique was not suitable for large concert halls. Towards the end of 1832, he was introduced to the Rothschild family, wealthy bankers, whose patronage also opened doors for him in other private salons (aristocracy and elite artistic and literary circles). By the end of 1832, Chopin had become part of the Parisian musical elite and had gained the respect of his peers such as Hiller, Liszt and Berlioz. He no longer financially needed his father, and during the winter of 1832, he began to earn a handsome living thanks to the publication of his works and teaching the piano to affluent students coming from all over Europe. This allowed him to free himself from the constraints of public concert obligations, which he hated.', 0.9882749, 1)
('Following Garreth Mallory\'s promotion to M, on a mission in Mexico City unofficially ordered by a posthumous message from the previous M, 007 James Bond kills three men plotting a terrorist bombing during the Day of the Dead and gives chase to Marco Sciarra, an assassin who survived the attack. In the ensuing struggle, Bond steals his ring, which is emblazoned with a stylised octopus, and then kills Sciarra by kicking him out of a helicopter. Upon returning to London, Bond is indefinitely suspended from field duty by M, who is in the midst of a power struggle with C, the head of the privately-backed Joint Intelligence Service, consisting of the recently merged MI5 and MI6. C campaigns for Britain to form alongside 8 other countries "Nine Eyes ", a global surveillance and intelligence co-operation initiative between nine member states, and uses his influence to close down the \'00\' section, believing it to be outdated.', ' After Garreth Mallory\'s promotion to M, on an unofficial mission in Mexico City ordered by a posthumous message from the previous M, 007 James Bond kills three men preparing a terrorist attack during the Day of the Dead and pursues Marco Sciarra, a survivor of the attack. In the following fight, Bond steals his ring, which features a stylized octopus, and then kills Sciarra by throwing him out of a helicopter. Upon returning to London, Bond is indefinitely suspended from field missions by M, who is engaged in a power struggle with C, the head of a newly formed private intelligence agency, the DGSI, resulting from the fusion of MI5 and MI6. C pushes for the UK to join the "Nine Eyes," a global surveillance and intellectual cooperation initiative among nine member states, and employs her influence to disband section 00, which she considers outdated.', 0.9883051, 0)
('Chopin was educated in the tradition of Beethoven, Haydn, Mozart and Clementi; he used Clementi\'s piano method with his own students. He was also influenced by Hummel\'s development of virtuoso, yet Mozartian, piano technique. He cited Bach and Mozart as the two most important composers in shaping his musical outlook. Chopin\'s early works are in the style of the "brilliant" keyboard pieces of his era as exemplified by the works of Ignaz Moscheles, Friedrich Kalkbrenner, and others. Less direct in the earlier period are the influences of Polish folk music and of Italian opera. Much of what became his typical style of ornamentation (for example, his fioriture) is taken from singing. His melodic lines were increasingly reminiscent of the modes and features of the music of his native country, such as drones.', " Chopin was educated in the tradition of Beethoven, Haydn, Mozart and Clementi; he used Clementi's piano method with his own students. He was also influenced by Hummel's virtuoso and Mozartian development. He cited Bach and Mozart as the two most important composers for his musical vision. Chopin's early works are in the style of the brilliant keyboard pieces of his time, such as those by Ignaz Moscheles, Friedrich Kalkbrenner and others. Polish and operatic Italian influences are not as direct in the initial period. Much of what became his typical ornamentation (for example, his fioritures) is taken from song. His melodic lines were more and more reminiscent of the modes and characteristics of his native country's music, such as drones.", 0.98830646, 1)
("Tajiks began to be conscripted into the Soviet Army in 1939 and during World War II around 260,000 Tajik citizens fought against Germany, Finland and Japan. Between 60,000(4%) and 120,000(8%) of Tajikistan's 1,530,000 citizens were killed during World War II. Following the war and Stalin's reign attempts were made to further expand the agriculture and industry of Tajikistan. During 1957–58 Nikita Khrushchev's Virgin Lands Campaign focused attention on Tajikistan, where living conditions, education and industry lagged behind the other Soviet Republics. In the 1980s, Tajikistan had the lowest household saving rate in the USSR, the lowest percentage of households in the two top per capita income groups, and the lowest rate of university graduates per 1000 people. By the late 1980s Tajik nationalists were calling for increased rights. Real disturbances did not occur within the republic until 1990. The following year, the Soviet Union collapsed, and Tajikistan declared its independence.", " Tajiks were conscripted into the Soviet Red Army in 1939 and during World War II, approximately 260,000 Tajik citizens fought against Germany, Finland, and Japan. Between 60,000 (4%) and 120,000 (8%) of the 1,530,000 citizens of Tajikistan were killed during World War II. After the war and the rule of Stalin, efforts were made to further develop agriculture and industry in Tajikistan. During 1957-58, Nikita Khrushchev's Virgin Lands Campaign drew attention to Tajikistan, where living conditions, education, and industry were behind those of other Soviet republics. In the 1980s, Tajikistan had the lowest domestic savings rate within the USSR, the lowest percentage of high-income households, and the lowest number of university graduates per thousand people. Towards the end of the 1980s, Tajik nationalists demanded additional rights. Real troubles did not begin in the republic until 1990. The following year, the Soviet Union collapsed and Tajikistan declared its independence.", 0.98832583, 1)
('There are hundreds of distinct neighborhoods throughout the five boroughs of New York City, many with a definable history and character to call their own. If the boroughs were each independent cities, four of the boroughs (Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, and the Bronx) would be among the ten most populous cities in the United States.', ' There are several hundred distinct neighborhoods throughout the five boroughs of New York, many of them having a defined history and character in their names. If each borough were an independent city, four of them (Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, and the Bronx) would be among the ten most populated cities in the United States.', 0.9883374, 1)
('In 1565, the powerful Rinbung princes were overthrown by one of their own ministers, Karma Tseten who styled himself as the Tsangpa, "the one of Tsang", and established his base of power at Shigatse. The second successor of this first Tsang king, Karma Phuntsok Namgyal, took control of the whole of Central Tibet (Ü-Tsang), reigning from 1611–1621. Despite this, the leaders of Lhasa still claimed their allegiance to the Phagmodru as well as the Gelug, while the Ü-Tsang king allied with the Karmapa. Tensions rose between the nationalistic Ü-Tsang ruler and the Mongols who safeguarded their Mongol Dalai Lama in Lhasa. The fourth Dalai Lama refused to give an audience to the Ü-Tsang king, which sparked a conflict as the latter began assaulting Gelug monasteries. Chen writes of the speculation over the fourth Dalai Lama\'s mysterious death and the plot of the Ü-Tsang king to have him murdered for "cursing" him with illness, although Chen writes that the murder was most likely the result of a feudal power struggle. In 1618, only two years after Yonten Gyatso died, the Gelug and the Karma Kargyu went to war, the Karma Kargyu supported by the secular Ü-Tsang king. The Ü-Tsang ruler had a large number of Gelugpa lamas killed, occupied their monasteries at Drepung and Sera, and outlawed any attempts to find another Dalai Lama. In 1621, the Ü-Tsang king died and was succeeded by his young son Karma Tenkyong, an event which stymied the war effort as the latter accepted the six-year-old Lozang Gyatso as the new Dalai Lama. Despite the new Dalai Lama\'s diplomatic efforts to maintain friendly relations with the new Ü-Tsang ruler, Sonam Rapten (1595–1657), the Dalai Lama\'s chief steward and treasurer at Drepung, made efforts to overthrow the Ü-Tsang king, which led to another conflict. In 1633, the Gelugpas and several thousand Mongol adherents defeated the Ü-Tsang king\'s troops near Lhasa before a peaceful negotiation was settled. Goldstein writes that in this the "Mongols were again playing a significant role in Tibetan affairs, this time as the military arm of the Dalai Lama."', ' In 1565, the powerful princes Rinbung were overthrown by one of their own ministers, Karma Tseten, who proclaimed himself as Tsangpa, "the one of Tsang," and established his power at Shigatse. The second successor of this first king of Tsang, Karma Phuntsok Namgyal, took control of the entire central Tibet (Ü-Tsang), reigning from 1611 to 1621. Nevertheless, the leaders of Lhasa continued to pledge allegiance to the Phagmodru and the Gelug, while the king of Tsang allied with the Karmapa. Tensions rose between the nationalist king of Tsang and the Mongols who guarded their Mongol Dalai Lama in Lhasa. The fourth Dalai Lama refused to receive an audience from the king of Tsang, which triggered a conflict, and the king of Tsang began attacking Gelug monasteries. Chen writes about the mysterious death of the fourth Dalai Lama and the plot of the king of Tsang to kill him for "cursing" him with illness, but Chen writes that the murder was probably the result of a feudal power struggle. In 1618, only two years after the death of Yonten Gyatso, the Gelug and the Karma Kargyu went to war, with the Karma Kargyu being supported by the king of Tsang. The king of Tsang had many Gelugpa lamas killed, occupied their monasteries at Drepung and Sera, and banned any search for another Dalai Lama. In 1621, the king of Tsang died and was replaced by his young son Karma Tenkyong, an event which halted the war effort as he accepted the six-year-old Lozang Gyatso as the new Dalai Lama. Despite the diplomatic efforts of the new Dalai Lama to maintain friendly relations with the new king of Tsang, Sonam Rapten (1595–1657), the steward and treasurer of the Dalai Lama at Drepung, made efforts to overthrow the king of Tsang, which led to another war. In 1633, the Gelugpas and several thousand Mongol deputies defeated the troops of the king of Tsang near Lhasa before a peaceful negotiation was established. Goldstein writes that "in this, the Mongols once again played a significant role in Tibetan affairs, this time as the armed force of the Dalai Lama."', 0.9883424, 1)
('All signatories to the CPPCG are required to prevent and punish acts of genocide, both in peace and wartime, though some barriers make this enforcement difficult. In particular, some of the signatories—namely, Bahrain, Bangladesh, India, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, the United States, Vietnam, Yemen, and former Yugoslavia—signed with the proviso that no claim of genocide could be brought against them at the International Court of Justice without their consent. Despite official protests from other signatories (notably Cyprus and Norway) on the ethics and legal standing of these reservations, the immunity from prosecution they grant has been invoked from time to time, as when the United States refused to allow a charge of genocide brought against it by former Yugoslavia following the 1999 Kosovo War.', ' All signatories of the CPPCG are required to prevent and punish acts of genocide, both in times of peace and in times of war. However, the implementation of this requirement is made challenging by certain barriers. Specifically, some signatories – including Bahrain, Bangladesh, India, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, the United States, Vietnam, Yemen, and the former Yugoslavia – signed with the reservation that no accusation of genocide could be brought against them at the International Criminal Court without their consent. Despite formal objections from other signatories – notably Cyprus and Norway – regarding the morality and validity of these reservations, the principle of immunity from prosecution has been invoked on numerous occasions, such as when the United States prevented an accusation of genocide against them by the former Yugoslavia following the Kosovo war in 1999.', 0.9883729, 1)
('Simultaneously with these conflicts, bison, a keystone species and the primary protein source that Native people had survived on for centuries were being destroyed. Some estimates say there were over 13 million bison in Montana in 1870. In 1875, General Philip Sheridan pleaded to a joint session of Congress to authorize the slaughtering of herds in order to deprive the Indians of their source of food. By 1884, commercial hunting had brought bison to the verge of extinction; only about 325 bison remained in the entire United States.', 'In parallel with these conflicts, the bison, a key and main source of proteins that had allowed Natives to survive for centuries, was being destroyed. According to certain estimates, there were over 13 million bison in Montana in 1870. In 1875, General Philip Sheridan addressed a joint session of Congress to obtain authorization for large-scale hunting of herds to deprive Indians of their food source. According to commercial figures, the bison was threatened with extinction in 1884; there were approximately 325 bison left in the United States as a whole.', 0.98837435, 1)
('Lee had lost her mother, who suffered from mental illness, six years before she met Hohoff at Lippincott’s offices. Her father, a lawyer on whom Atticus was modeled, would die two years after the publication of To Kill a Mockingbird.', " Lee had lost his mother, who suffered from a mental illness, six years before he met Hohoff at Lippincott's offices. His father, modeled after Atticus, died two years after the publication of To Kill a Mockingbird.", 0.9883894, 1)
('In 2005, Apple faced two lawsuits claiming patent infringement by the iPod line and its associated technologies: Advanced Audio Devices claimed the iPod line breached its patent on a "music jukebox", while a Hong Kong-based IP portfolio company called Pat-rights filed a suit claiming that Apple\'s FairPlay technology breached a patent issued to inventor Ho Keung Tse. The latter case also includes the online music stores of Sony, RealNetworks, Napster, and Musicmatch as defendants.', ' [In 2005, Apple was sued for two lawsuits accusing patent infringement on the iPod line and its associated technologies: Advanced Audio Devices claimed that the iPod line infringed its patent for a "music jukebox," while a Hong Kong-based IP portfolio company called Pat-rights filed a suit alleging that Apple\'s FairPlay technology infringed a patent granted to inventor Ho Keung Tse. In the latter case, the online music stores of Sony, RealNetworks, Napster, and Musicmatch were also named as co-defendants].', 0.9884311, 1)
("Chopin's mazurkas and waltzes are all in straightforward ternary or episodic form, sometimes with a coda. The mazurkas often show more folk features than many of his other works, sometimes including modal scales and harmonies and the use of drone basses. However, some also show unusual sophistication, for example Op. 63 No. 3, which includes a canon at one beat's distance, a great rarity in music.", ' The mazurkas and waltzes of Chopin are all in simple ternary or episodic form, sometimes with a coda. The mazurkas often exhibit more folk characteristics than many of his other works, sometimes featuring modal scales and harmonies and the use of drone basses. However, some also display unusual sophistication, such as Op. 63 No. 3, which includes a canon at a one-beat distance, a rarity in music.', 0.98843205, 1)
('Visual anthropology is concerned, in part, with the study and production of ethnographic photography, film and, since the mid-1990s, new media. While the term is sometimes used interchangeably with ethnographic film, visual anthropology also encompasses the anthropological study of visual representation, including areas such as performance, museums, art, and the production and reception of mass media. Visual representations from all cultures, such as sandpaintings, tattoos, sculptures and reliefs, cave paintings, scrimshaw, jewelry, hieroglyphics, paintings and photographs are included in the focus of visual anthropology.', ' Visual anthropology takes an interest, in part, in the study and production of ethnographic photography, ethnographic film, and since the mid-1990s, new media. Although the term is sometimes used interchangeably with ethnographic film, visual anthropology also studies the anthropological analysis of visual representation, including areas such as performance, museums, art and media production and reception. Visual representations of all cultures, such as sand paintings, tattoos, sculptures and bas-reliefs, rock paintings, engravings on bone, jewelry and hieroglyphs, paintings and photographs, are included in the field of study of visual anthropology.', 0.9884537, 1)
("The country bounced between socialism and adherence to the neoliberal model. Land reform and nationalizations were enforced; the Portuguese Constitution (approved in 1976) was rewritten in order to accommodate socialist and communist principles. Until the constitutional revisions of 1982 and 1989, the constitution was a highly charged ideological document with numerous references to socialism, the rights of workers, and the desirability of a socialist economy. Portugal's economic situation after its transition to democracy, obliged the government to pursue International Monetary Fund (IMF)-monitored stabilization programs in 1977–78 and 1983–85.", " The country oscillated between socialism and adherence to the neoliberal model. Land reforms and nationalizations were imposed; the Portuguese Constitution (approved in 1976) was rewritten to incorporate socialist and communist principles. Until the constitutional revisions of 1982 and 1989, the constitution was an ideological document filled with numerous references to socialism, workers' rights, and the desirability of a socialist economy. The economic situation in Portugal after its transition to democracy forced the government to pursue controlled stabilization programs by the Monetary Fund International (IMF) in 1977-78 and 1983-85.", 0.9885131, 1)
("In the 1970s, job losses due to industrial restructuring caused New York City to suffer from economic problems and rising crime rates. While a resurgence in the financial industry greatly improved the city's economic health in the 1980s, New York's crime rate continued to increase through that decade and into the beginning of the 1990s. By the mid 1990s, crime rates started to drop dramatically due to revised police strategies, improving economic opportunities, gentrification, and new residents, both American transplants and new immigrants from Asia and Latin America. Important new sectors, such as Silicon Alley, emerged in the city's economy. New York's population reached all-time highs in the 2000 Census and then again in the 2010 Census.", "In the 1970s, New York City faced economic issues and rising crime rates due to job losses from industrial restructuring. The financial industry's resurgence in the 1980s significantly improved the city's economic health. However, New York's crime rate continued to rise throughout the 1980s and into the early 1990s. By the mid 1990s, crime rates started to decrease dramatically due to revised policing strategies, economic improvements, gentrification, and the arrival of new residents, both American transplants and immigrants from Asia and Latin America. New sectors, such as Silicon Alley, emerged in the city's economy. New York's population reached record highs in the 2000 Census and then again in the 2010 Census.Note: I have used the French terms that have the closest meaning to the English terms used in the original text. However, please note that there might be some nuances or subtleties that could be better expressed using different terms or constructions in French. This is a general translation and may not be suitable for formal or technical contexts.", 0.98862845, 1)
("All of the highways into Wenchuan, and others throughout the province, were damaged, resulting in delayed arrival of the rescue troops. In Beichuan County, 80% of the buildings collapsed according to Xinhua News. In the city of Shifang, the collapse of two chemical plants led to leakage of some 80 tons of liquid ammonia, with hundreds of people reported buried. In the city of Dujiangyan, south-east of the epicenter, a whole school collapsed with 900 students buried and fewer than 60 survived. The Juyuan Middle School, where many teenagers were buried, was excavated by civilians and cranes. Dujiangyan is home of the Dujiangyan Irrigation System, an ancient water diversion project which is still in use and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The project's famous Fish Mouth was cracked but not severely damaged otherwise.", ' All highways leading to Wenchuan, as well as others in the province, have been damaged, resulting in a delay in the arrival of relief troops. In Beichuan County, 80% of the buildings have collapsed according to Xinhua. In Shifang City, the fall of two chemical factories led to the leakage of approximately 80 tonnes of liquid ammonia, with hundreds of people reported buried. In Dujiangyan City, to the south-east of the epicenter, an entire school collapsed, burying 900 students and leaving less than 60 survivors. Juyuan Middle School, where many young people were buried, was dug out by civilians and cranes. Dujiangyan is the home of the Dujiangyan Irrigation System, an ancient water project still in operation and listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The famous "Fish Mouth" of the project was cracked but not seriously damaged otherwise.', 0.9886538, 1)
("New York City has focused on reducing its environmental impact and carbon footprint. Mass transit use in New York City is the highest in the United States. Also, by 2010, the city had 3,715 hybrid taxis and other clean diesel vehicles, representing around 28% of New York's taxi fleet in service, the most of any city in North America.", " New York City has prioritized reducing its environmental impact and carbon usage. Public transportation usage in New York is the highest in the US. Additionally, as of 2010, the city had 3,715 hybrid taxis and other diesel vehicles, making up about 28% of New York's active taxi fleet, the highest in North America.", 0.9886552, 1)
('Chopin\'s successes as a composer and performer opened the door to western Europe for him, and on 2 November 1830, he set out, in the words of Zdzisław Jachimecki, "into the wide world, with no very clearly defined aim, forever." With Woyciechowski, he headed for Austria, intending to go on to Italy. Later that month, in Warsaw, the November 1830 Uprising broke out, and Woyciechowski returned to Poland to enlist. Chopin, now alone in Vienna, was nostalgic for his homeland, and wrote to a friend, "I curse the moment of my departure." When in September 1831 he learned, while travelling from Vienna to Paris, that the uprising had been crushed, he expressed his anguish in the pages of his private journal: "Oh God! ... You are there, and yet you do not take vengeance!" Jachimecki ascribes to these events the composer\'s maturing "into an inspired national bard who intuited the past, present and future of his native Poland."', ' Chopin\'s success as a composer and performer opened the doors for him towards Western Europe, and on November 2, 1830, he departed, in the words of Zdzisław Jachimecki, "into the wide world, without a clear goal, forever." With Woyciechowski, he went to Austria, with the intention of continuing towards Italy. In late November 1830, in Warsaw, the November Uprising broke out, and Woyciechowski returned to Poland to join the fight. Chopin, now alone in Vienna, was nostalgic for his native land, and wrote to a friend: "I miss the moment of my departure." When he learned, while traveling from Vienna to Paris in September 1831, that the uprising had been crushed, he expressed his sadness in the pages of his personal journal: "Oh God ! ... Yet you do not take revenge!" Jachimecki attributes these events to Chopin\'s maturation into a national bard who intuited the past, present, and future of his native Poland.', 0.9886569, 1)
('Sunlight has influenced building design since the beginning of architectural history. Advanced solar architecture and urban planning methods were first employed by the Greeks and Chinese, who oriented their buildings toward the south to provide light and warmth.', 'Sunlight has influenced building design since the beginning of architectural history. The Greeks and Chinese were among the first to use advanced solar architecture and urban planning methods. They oriented their buildings towards the south to provide light and warmth.', 0.9886844, 1)
('The earthquake had a magnitude of 8.0 Ms and 7.9 Mw. The epicenter was in Wenchuan County, Ngawa Tibetan and Qiang Autonomous Prefecture, 80 km west/northwest of the provincial capital of Chengdu, with its main tremor occurring at 14:28:01.42 China Standard Time (06:28:01.42 UTC), on May 12, 2008 lasting for around 2 minutes, in the quake almost 80% of buildings were destroyed.', ' The earthquake had a magnitude of 8.0 Ms and 7.9 Mw. Its epicenter was in Wenchuan County, autonomous prefecture of Tibet and Qiang, Ngawa, 80 km west/north-west of the provincial capital Chengdu, with its main shock occurring at 14:28:01.42 Chinese time (06:28:01.42 UTC), on May 12, 2008, lasting approximately 2 minutes. In this earthquake, nearly 80% of the buildings were destroyed.', 0.9887346, 1)
('Phage therapy is another option that is being looked into for treating resistant strains of bacteria. The way that researchers are doing this is by infecting pathogenic bacteria with their own viruses, more specifically, bacteriophages. Bacteriophages, also known simply as phages, are precisely bacterial viruses that infect bacteria by disrupting pathogenic bacterium lytic cycles. By disrupting the lytic cycles of bacterium, phages destroy their metabolism, which eventually results in the cell\'s death. Phages will insert their DNA into the bacterium, allowing their DNA to be transcribed. Once their DNA is transcribed the cell will proceed to make new phages and as soon as they are ready to be released, the cell will lyse. One of the worries about using phages to fight pathogens is that the phages will infect "good" bacteria, or the bacteria that are important in the everyday function of human beings. However, studies have proven that phages are very specific when they target bacteria, which makes researchers confident that bacteriophage therapy is the definite route to defeating antibiotic resistant bacteria.', ' The bacteriophage treatment is another option being examined to treat antibiotic-resistant bacterial strains. Researchers do this by infecting pathogenic bacteria with their own viruses, specifically bacteriophages. Bacteriophages, also known simply as phages, are bacterial viruses specifically designed to infect bacteria by disrupting their lytic cycles. By disrupting the bacterial lytic cycles, phages destroy their metabolism, resulting in the death of the cells. Phages insert their DNA into the bacterium, allowing their DNA to be transcribed. Once their DNA is transcribed, the cell proceeds to produce new phages, and when they are ready to be released, the cell lyses. One concern about using phages to combat pathogens is that they may infect "beneficial bacteria" or bacteria important for the daily functioning of humans. However, studies have shown that phages are very specific when targeting bacteria, giving researchers confidence that bacteriophage therapy is the definitive way to defeat antibiotic-resistant bacteria.', 0.9887591, 1)
('Besides parents, Liu Shaokun (刘绍坤), a Sichuan school teacher, was detained on June 25, 2008 for "disseminating rumors and destroying social order" about the Sichuan earthquake. Liu’s family was later told that he was being investigated on suspicion of the crime of inciting subversion. Liu had travelled to the Shifang, taken photos of collapsed school buildings, and put them online. He had also expressed his anger at “the shoddy tofu-dregs buildings” (豆腐渣工程) in a media interview. He was ordered to serve one year of re-education through labor (RTL). According to the organization Human Rights in China, Liu has been released to serve his RTL sentence outside of the labor camp.', 'Besides the parents, Liu Shaokun (刘绍坤), a teacher from Sichuan, was arrested on June 25, 2008, for "spreading rumors and destroying social order" regarding the Sichuan earthquake. His family was later informed that he was under investigation for the crime of inciting subversion. Liu had traveled to Shifang, taken photos of collapsed school buildings, and posted them online. He had also expressed anger towards "tofu dregs constructions" (豆腐渣工程) in a media interview. He was sentenced to serve one year of re-education through labor (RTL). According to Human Rights in China, Liu was released to serve his RTL sentence outside the labor camp.', 0.98876524, 1)
('After the Russian Revolution of 1917 guerrillas throughout Central Asia, known as basmachi, waged a war against Bolshevik armies in a futile attempt to maintain independence. The Bolsheviks prevailed after a four-year war, in which mosques and villages were burned down and the population heavily suppressed. Soviet authorities started a campaign of secularization, practicing Islam, Judaism, and Christianity was discouraged and repressed, and many mosques, churches, and synagogues were closed. As a consequence of the conflict and Soviet agriculture policies, Central Asia, Tajikistan included, suffered a famine that claimed many lives.', ' After the Russian Revolution of 1917, guerrillas in Central Asia, known as basmachi, waged a war against the Bolshevik armies in a futile attempt to maintain their independence. The Bolsheviks prevailed after a four-year war, during which mosques and villages were burned and the population was severely repressed. The Soviet authorities launched a secularization campaign, Islam, Judaism, and Christianity were discouraged and repressed, and many mosques, churches, and synagogues were closed. As a result of the conflict and Soviet agricultural policies, Central Asia, including Tajikistan, suffered from a famine that cost the lives of many people.', 0.98877573, 1)
('The President, who is elected to a five-year term, has an executive role: the current President is Aníbal Cavaco Silva. The Assembly of the Republic is a single chamber parliament composed of 230 deputies elected for a four-year term. The Government is headed by the Prime Minister (currently António Costa) and includes Ministers and Secretaries of State. The Courts are organized into several levels, among the judicial, administrative and fiscal branches. The Supreme Courts are institutions of last resort/appeal. A thirteen-member Constitutional Court oversees the constitutionality of the laws.', ' The President, elected for a five-year term, exercises an executive role. The current President is Aníbal Cavaco Silva. The Assembly of the Republic is a unicameral parliament composed of 230 deputies elected for a term of four years. The Government is led by the Prime Minister (currently António Costa) and includes Ministers and State Secretaries. The Courts are organized at various levels, among which are the judicial, administrative, and fiscal branches. The Supreme Courts are institutions of last resort/appeal. A Constitutional Court composed of thirteen members controls the constitutionality of laws.', 0.988823, 1)
('Possible improvements include clarification of clinical trial regulations by FDA. Furthermore, appropriate economic incentives could persuade pharmaceutical companies to invest in this endeavor. Antibiotic Development to Advance Patient Treatment (ADAPT) Act aims to fast track the drug development to combat the growing threat of \'superbugs\'. Under this Act, FDA can approve antibiotics and antifungals treating life-threatening infections based on smaller clinical trials. The CDC will monitor the use of antibiotics and the emerging resistance, and publish the data. The FDA antibiotics labeling process, \'Susceptibility Test Interpretive Criteria for Microbial Organisms\' or \'breakpoints\', will provide accurate data to healthcare professionals. According to Allan Coukell, senior director for health programs at The Pew Charitable Trusts, "By allowing drug developers to rely on smaller datasets, and clarifying FDA\'s authority to tolerate a higher level of uncertainty for these drugs when making a risk/benefit calculation, ADAPT would make the clinical trials more feasible."', 'Possible improvements include clarifying the FDA\'s clinical trial regulations. In addition, appropriate economic incentives could encourage pharmaceutical companies to engage in this endeavor. The Antibacterial Drug Development for Life-Threatening Infections Act (ADAPT) aims to accelerate the development of medicines to combat the growing threat of antibiotic-resistant bacteria. Under this law, the FDA can approve antibiotics and antifungals for potentially lethal infections based on smaller clinical trials. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) will monitor antibiotic use and the emergence of resistance, and will publish the data. The FDA\'s antibiotic approval process, Interpretive Criteria for Antibiotic Susceptibility Testing or Breakpoints, will provide precise data for healthcare professionals. According to Allan Coukell, senior director of health programs for The Pew Charitable Trusts, "By allowing developers to refer to smaller datasets, and by clarifying the FDA\'s authority to tolerate a higher level of uncertainty for these drugs during risk/benefit calculations, ADAPT would make clinical trials more feasible."', 0.9888257, 1)
('East of the divide, several roughly parallel ranges cover the southern part of the state, including the Gravelly Range, the Madison Range, Gallatin Range, Absaroka Mountains and the Beartooth Mountains. The Beartooth Plateau is the largest continuous land mass over 10,000 feet (3,000 m) high in the continental United States. It contains the highest point in the state, Granite Peak, 12,799 feet (3,901 m) high. North of these ranges are the Big Belt Mountains, Bridger Mountains, Tobacco Roots, and several island ranges, including the Crazy Mountains and Little Belt Mountains.', ' At the edge of the crest, several approximately parallel ranges cover the southern part of the state, including the Gravelly Range, the Madison Range, the Gallatin Range, the Absaroka Mountains, and the Beartooth Mountains. The Beartooth Plateau is the largest continuous land mass above 10,000 feet (3,000 m) in height in the continental United States. It contains the highest point in the state, Granite Peak, which measures 12,799 feet (3,901 m) in height. To the north of these ranges are the Big Belt Mountains, Bridger Mountains, Tobacco Root Mountains, and several insular ranges, including the Crazy Mountains and the Little Belt Mountains.', 0.9888361, 1)
("The earliest recorded history of the region dates back to about 500 BCE when much, if not all, of modern Tajikistan was part of the Achaemenid Empire. Some authors have also suggested that in the 7th and 6th century BCE parts of modern Tajikistan, including territories in the Zeravshan valley, formed part of Kambojas before it became part of the Achaemenid Empire. After the region's conquest by Alexander the Great it became part of the Greco-Bactrian Kingdom, a successor state of Alexander's empire. Northern Tajikistan (the cities of Khujand and Panjakent) was part of Sogdia, a collection of city-states which was overrun by Scythians and Yuezhi nomadic tribes around 150 BCE. The Silk Road passed through the region and following the expedition of Chinese explorer Zhang Qian during the reign of Wudi (141–87 BCE) commercial relations between Han China and Sogdiana flourished. Sogdians played a major role in facilitating trade and also worked in other capacities, as farmers, carpetweavers, glassmakers, and woodcarvers.", " The oldest recorded history in the region dates back to around 500 B.C., when almost all, if not nothing, of what is now Tajikistan was part of the Achaemenid Empire. Some authors have also suggested that parts of the current Tajikistan, including territories in the Zeravshan Valley, originally formed the Kambojas before becoming part of the Achaemenid Empire. After the region's conquest by Alexander the Great, it became part of the Greco-Bactrian Kingdom, a successor state of Alexander's empire. The northern part of Tajikistan (the cities of Khujand and Panjakent) initially belonged to Sogdiana, a collection of city-states that was invaded by the Scythians and Yuezhi, nomadic tribes, around 150 B.C. The Silk Road passed through the region, and following the expedition of Chinese explorer Zhang Qian during the reign of Wudi (141–87 B.C.), commercial relations between the Han Chinese and Sogdiana flourished. The Sogdians played a major role in facilitating trade and also worked in other capacities, such as farmers, weavers of carpets, glassmakers, and woodcarvers.", 0.98883617, 1)
('iPods with color displays use anti-aliased graphics and text, with sliding animations. All iPods (except the 3rd-generation iPod Shuffle, the 6th & 7th generation iPod Nano, and iPod Touch) have five buttons and the later generations have the buttons integrated into the click wheel – an innovation that gives an uncluttered, minimalist interface. The buttons perform basic functions such as menu, play, pause, next track, and previous track. Other operations, such as scrolling through menu items and controlling the volume, are performed by using the click wheel in a rotational manner. The 3rd-generation iPod Shuffle does not have any controls on the actual player; instead it has a small control on the earphone cable, with volume-up and -down buttons and a single button for play and pause, next track, etc. The iPod Touch has no click-wheel; instead it uses a 3.5" touch screen along with a home button, sleep/wake button and (on the second and third generations of the iPod Touch) volume-up and -down buttons. The user interface for the iPod Touch is identical to that of the iPhone. Differences include a lack of a phone application. Both devices use iOS.', ' iPods with color displays utilize anti-aliased graphics and text, offering sliding animations. All iPods, excluding the 3rd-generation iPod Shuffle, 6th and 7th generation iPod Nano, and iPod Touch, feature five buttons. Later generations incorporate these buttons into the click wheel, providing a streamlined, minimalist interface. Functions such as menu, play, pause, next track, and previous track are executed through these buttons. Additional operations, including scrolling through menu items and adjusting volume, are accomplished by rotating the click wheel. The 3rd-generation iPod Shuffle lacks controls on the player itself; instead, it includes a small control on the earphone cable, complete with volume-up and -down buttons and a single button for play/pause, next track, etc. The iPod Touch forgoes the click-wheel in favor of a 3.5" touch screen, along with a home button, sleep/wake button, and (on the second and third generations) volume-up and -down buttons. The iPod Touch\'s user interface mirrors that of the iPhone, with the exception of a missing phone application. Both devices operate on iOS.', 0.98884416, 1)
("Chopin's études are largely in straightforward ternary form. He used them to teach his own technique of piano playing—for instance playing double thirds (Op. 25, No. 6), playing in octaves (Op. 25, No. 10), and playing repeated notes (Op. 10, No.  7).", " Chopin's studies are mainly in a simple ternary form. He used them to teach his own piano playing technique—for instance, playing in double fifths (Op. 25, No. 6), playing in octaves (Op. 25, No. 10), and playing repeated notes (Op. 10, No. 7).", 0.9888858, 0)
('Scholar Patrick Chura, who suggests Emmett Till was a model for Tom Robinson, enumerates the injustices endured by the fictional Tom that Till also faced. Chura notes the icon of the black rapist causing harm to the representation of the "mythologized vulnerable and sacred Southern womanhood". Any transgressions by black males that merely hinted at sexual contact with white females during the time the novel was set often resulted in a punishment of death for the accused. Tom Robinson\'s trial was juried by poor white farmers who convicted him despite overwhelming evidence of his innocence, as more educated and moderate white townspeople supported the jury\'s decision. Furthermore, the victim of racial injustice in To Kill a Mockingbird was physically impaired, which made him unable to commit the act he was accused of, but also crippled him in other ways. Roslyn Siegel includes Tom Robinson as an example of the recurring motif among white Southern writers of the black man as "stupid, pathetic, defenseless, and dependent upon the fair dealing of the whites, rather than his own intelligence to save him". Although Tom is spared from being lynched, he is killed with excessive violence during an attempted escape from prison, shot seventeen times.', 'Patrick Scholar, a university researcher, suggests that Emmett Till served as a model for Tom Robinson, and he lists the injustices suffered by the fictional Tom that also affected Till. Chura highlights how the violent black rapist caused damage to the representation of the "mythologized and sacred white woman of the South." Any sexual transgression by black men that suggested the slightest contact with white women during the time the novel was set usually resulted in a capital punishment for the accused. Tom Robinson\'s trial was presided over by poor white farmers who condemned him despite evident proof of his innocence, as the more educated and moderate whites of the town supported the jury\'s decision. In addition, the racially unjust victim in To Kill a Mockingbird was physically disabled, rendering him unable to commit the crime for which he was accused, but also disabled in other areas. Roslyn Siegel cites him as an example of the recurring theme among white Southern writers of the black man as "stupid, pitiful, defenseless, and dependent on the goodwill of the Whites, rather than his own intelligence to save himself." Despite being spared from lynching, he was killed with excessive violence during a prison escape attempt, shot seventeen times.', 0.98889196, 0)
('A national railway system that extends throughout the country and into Spain, is supported and administered by Comboios de Portugal. Rail transport of passengers and goods is derived using the 2,791 km (1,734 mi) of railway lines currently in service, of which 1,430 km (889 mi) are electrified and about 900 km (559 mi) allow train speeds greater than 120 km/h (75 mph). The railway network is managed by the REFER while the transport of passengers and goods are the responsibility of Comboios de Portugal (CP), both public companies. In 2006 the CP carried 133 million passengers and 9,750,000 t (9,600,000 long tons; 10,700,000 short tons) of goods.', ' A national railway network spanning the length of the country and in Spain, is supported and administered by Comboios de Portugal. Passenger and freight transport is carried out through the currently operational 2,791 km (1,734 mi) of railway lines, of which 1,430 km (889 mi) are electrified and approximately 900 km (559 mi) allow for train speeds exceeding 120 km/h (75 mph). The railway network is managed by REFER, while passenger and freight transport are the responsibility of Comboios de Portugal (CP), two public entities. In 2006, CP transported 133 million passengers and 9,750,000 t (9,600,000 long tons; 10,700,000 short tons) of freight.', 0.98893094, 1)
('Wang and Nyima state that after the official title "Education Minister" was granted to Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen (1302–1364) by the Yuan court, this title appeared frequently with his name in various Tibetan texts, while his Tibetan title "Degsi" (sic properly sde-srid or desi) is seldom mentioned. Wang and Nyima take this to mean that "even in the later period of the Yuan dynasty, the Yuan imperial court and the Phagmodrupa Dynasty maintained a Central-local government relation." The Tai Situpa is even supposed to have written in his will: "In the past I received loving care from the emperor in the east. If the emperor continues to care for us, please follow his edicts and the imperial envoy should be well received."', ' [Wang and Nyima state that, after the official title "Minister of Education" was conferred upon Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen (1302-1364) by the Yuan court, this title frequently appeared with his name in various Tibetan texts. However, his Tibetan title "Degsi" (correctly sde-srid or desi) was seldom mentioned. Wang and Nyima infer that "even in the late period of the Yuan dynasty, the Yuan imperial court and the Phagmodrupa Dynasty maintained a central-local government relation." The Tai Situpa is even supposed to have written in his will: "In the past, I received loving care from the emperor in the east. If the emperor continues to care for us, please follow his edicts and the imperial envoy should be well received."].Translation: [Wang and Nyima claim that, after Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen (1302-1364) received the formal title "Minister of Education" from the Yuan court, this title was frequently used with his name in Tibetan texts. In contrast, his Tibetan title "Degsi" (correctly sde-', 0.98893803, 1)
('The Statue of Liberty National Monument and Ellis Island Immigration Museum are managed by the National Park Service and are in both the states of New York and New Jersey. They are joined in the harbor by Governors Island National Monument, in New York. Historic sites under federal management on Manhattan Island include Castle Clinton National Monument; Federal Hall National Memorial; Theodore Roosevelt Birthplace National Historic Site; General Grant National Memorial ("Grant\'s Tomb"); African Burial Ground National Monument; and Hamilton Grange National Memorial. Hundreds of private properties are listed on the National Register of Historic Places or as a National Historic Landmark such as, for example, the Stonewall Inn in Greenwich Village as the catalyst of the modern gay rights movement.', 'The National Monument of the Statue of Liberty and the Ellis Island Museum are managed by the National Parks Service and are located in the states of New York and New Jersey. They are joined in the port by Governors Island, a national monument of New York. Historical sites under federal administration on Governors Island include the National Monument of Castle Clinton; the National Historic Site of Federal Hall; the Theodore Roosevelt National Site; the Grant Memorial ("Grant\'s Tomb"); the National Monument of the African Burial Ground; and the Hamilton Grange National Memorial. Hundreds of private properties are listed on the National Register of Historic Places or as National Historic Landmarks, such as the Stonewall Inn in Greenwich Village as a modern civil rights movement engine.', 0.9889769, 0)
("Even though the Gelug exchanged gifts with and sent missions to the Ming court up until the 1430s, the Gelug was not mentioned in the Mingshi or the Mingshi Lu. On this, historian Li Tieh-tseng says of Tsongkhapa's refusal of Ming invitations to visit the Yongle Emperor's court:", " Although Gelug exchanged gifts and sent missions to the Ming court up until the 1430s, Gelug is not mentioned in Mingshi or Mingshi Lu. Regarding this, historian Li Tieh-tseng speaks of Tsongkapa's refusal to respond to the Emperor Yongle of Ming's invitations to visit:.", 0.98897964, 1)
("In March 2013 Mendes said he would not return to direct the next film in the series, then known as Bond 24; he later recanted and announced that he would return, as he found the script and the plans for the long-term future of the franchise appealing. In directing Skyfall and Spectre, Mendes became the first director to oversee two consecutive Bond films since John Glen directed The Living Daylights and Licence to Kill in 1987 and 1989. Skyfall writer John Logan resumed his role of scriptwriter, collaborating with Neal Purvis and Robert Wade, who returned for their sixth Bond film.[N 4] The writer Jez Butterworth also worked on the script, alongside Mendes and Craig. Dennis Gassner returned as the film's production designer, while cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema took over from Roger Deakins. In July 2015 Mendes noted that the combined crew of Spectre numbered over one thousand, making it a larger production than Skyfall. Craig is listed as co-producer.", " August 2013, Mendes announced he wouldn't return to direct the next Bond film, named Bond 24 at the time; he eventually changed his mind and announced he would return, as he found the script and long-term franchise plans intriguing. Mendes directed Skyfall and Spectre, making him the first director to helm two consecutive Bond movies since John Glen, who directed The Living Daylights and Licence to Kill in 1987 and 1989. John Logan, author of the Skyfall screenplay, returned to write the script, collaborating with Neal Purvis and Robert Wade, who came back for their sixth Bond film. Jez Butterworth also contributed to the script, working with Mendes and Craig. Dennis Gassner returned as production designer, while Hoyte van Hoytema replaced Roger Deakins as cinematographer. In July 2015, Mendes mentioned that the Spectre production team consisted of over a thousand people, making it larger than Skyfall. Craig is credited as coproducer.", 0.9889798, 1)
('Ye Zhiping, the principal of Sangzao Middle School in Sangzao, one of the largest in An County, has been credited with proactive action that spared the lives of all 2,323 pupils in attendance when the earthquake happened. During a three-year period that ended in 2007, he oversaw a major overhaul of his school. During that time he obtained more than 400,000 yuan (US$60,000) from the county education department, money used to widen and strengthen concrete pillars and the balcony railing of all four storeys of his school, as well as secure its concrete floors.', " Ye Zhiping, the principal of Middle School Sangzao, one of the largest schools in An Xian, was credited with preventive actions that saved the lives of all 2,323 students present during the earthquake. For a period of three years that ended in 2007, he oversaw a significant renovation of his school. During this time, he obtained over 400,000 yuans (US$60,000) from the county education department, money used to reduce and reinforce the concrete columns and the balustrade of all four floors of his school, as well as to fix the school's floors in concrete.", 0.9889918, 1)
('As a result of the change in its status and the arrival of the Portuguese royal family, Brazilian administrative, civic, economical, military, educational, and scientific apparatus were expanded and highly modernized. Portuguese and their allied British troops fought against the French Invasion of Portugal and by 1815 the situation in Europe had cooled down sufficiently that João VI would have been able to return safely to Lisbon. However, the King of Portugal remained in Brazil until the Liberal Revolution of 1820, which started in Porto, demanded his return to Lisbon in 1821.', ' Due to the change in his status and the arrival of the Portuguese royal family, the administrative, civic, economic, military, educational, and scientific apparatus in Brazil were extended and significantly modernized. The Portuguese and their British allies fought against the French invasion of Portugal, and by around 1815, the situation in Europe had calmed down enough for João VI to return to Lisbon in safety. However, the King of Portugal remained in Brazil until the Liberal Revolution of 1820, which began in Porto, and demanded his return to Lisbon in 1821.', 0.988996, 1)
('Portugal lost much of its wealth and status with the destruction of Lisbon in a 1755 earthquake, occupation during the Napoleonic Wars, and the independence of Brazil, its wealthiest colony, in 1822. After the 1910 revolution deposed the monarchy, the democratic but unstable Portuguese First Republic was established, later being superseded by the "Estado Novo" right-wing authoritarian regime. Democracy was restored after the Portuguese Colonial War and the Carnation Revolution in 1974. Shortly after, independence was granted to all its colonies, with the exception of Macau, which was handed over to China in 1999. This marked the end of the longest-lived European colonial empire, leaving a profound cultural and architectural influence across the globe and a legacy of over 250 million Portuguese speakers today.', ' Portugal lost a great deal of wealth and prestige following the earthquake that destroyed Lisbon in 1755, the occupation during the Napoleonic wars, and the independence of its wealthiest colony, Brazil, in 1822. After the 1910 revolution that overthrew the monarchy, the unstable democratic republic of Portugal, known as "Estado Novo," a right-wing authoritarian regime, came to power. Democracy was restored after the Portuguese colonial war and the Carnation Revolution in 1974. Commonly after that, independence was granted to all its colonies, with the exception of Macao, which was returned to China in 1999. This marked the end of the longest-lived European colonial empire, leaving a deep cultural and architectural influence throughout the world and a heritage of over 250 million Portuguese speakers today.', 0.98900056, 1)
('Just as Lee explores Jem\'s development in coming to grips with a racist and unjust society, Scout realizes what being female means, and several female characters influence her development. Scout\'s primary identification with her father and older brother allows her to describe the variety and depth of female characters in the novel both as one of them and as an outsider. Scout\'s primary female models are Calpurnia and her neighbor Miss Maudie, both of whom are strong willed, independent, and protective. Mayella Ewell also has an influence; Scout watches her destroy an innocent man in order to hide her desire for him. The female characters who comment the most on Scout\'s lack of willingness to adhere to a more feminine role are also those who promote the most racist and classist points of view. For example, Mrs. Dubose chastises Scout for not wearing a dress and camisole, and indicates she is ruining the family name by not doing so, in addition to insulting Atticus\' intentions to defend Tom Robinson. By balancing the masculine influences of Atticus and Jem with the feminine influences of Calpurnia and Miss Maudie, one scholar writes, "Lee gradually demonstrates that Scout is becoming a feminist in the South, for with the use of first-person narration, she indicates that Scout/ Jean Louise still maintains the ambivalence about being a Southern lady she possessed as a child."', ' As Lee explores Jem\'s development as he comes to terms with a racist and unfair society, Scout understands what it means to be a woman, and several female characters influence her growth. Scout\'s primary identifications with her father and older brother allow her to describe the variety and depth of female characters in the novel, both as individuals and as outsiders. The primary female role models for Scout are Calpurnia and her neighbor, Mrs. Maudie, both strong-willed, independent, and protective. Mayella Ewell also has an influence; Scout observes her destroying an innocent man to hide her desire for him. The characters who most comment on Scout\'s reluctance to adopt a more feminine role are also those who promote racist and classist views the most. For example, Mrs. Dubose scolds Scout for not wearing a dress and a blouse, and indicates that she ruins the family name by not doing so, in addition to insulting Atticus\' intentions to defend Tom Robinson. Balancing the masculine influences of Atticus and Jem with the feminine influences of Calpurnia and Mrs. Maudie, a researcher writes: "Using first-person narration, Lee gradually shows that Scout becomes a feminist in the South, as she indicates that Scout/Jean Louise still harbors ambiguity about being a Southern lady that she had as a child."', 0.9890087, 1)
("New York's non-white population was 36,620 in 1890. New York City was a prime destination in the early twentieth century for African Americans during the Great Migration from the American South, and by 1916, New York City was home to the largest urban African diaspora in North America. The Harlem Renaissance of literary and cultural life flourished during the era of Prohibition. The larger economic boom generated construction of skyscrapers competing in height and creating an identifiable skyline.", ' The non-white population of New York was 36,620 people in 1890. New York was a primary destination at the beginning of the twentieth century for Afro-Americans during the Great Migration from the Southern United States. By 1916, New York was the American city with the largest African diaspora in North America. The Harlem Renaissance of literary and cultural growth flourished during the Prohibition era. Wider economic growth generated the construction of skyscrapers soaring in height and creating an identifiable skyline.', 0.98902494, 1)
("Father Joseph Carrier, C.S.C. was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874. Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church. One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist. Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues. His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it. The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican. In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon.", " Father Joseph Carrier, C.S.C. served as Director of the Museum of Sciences and Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874. Carrier believed scientific research and its promise of progress were not at odds with the Church's intellectual and moral ideals. One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921), who, at age 23, became Professor and Co-Director of the Sciences Department. Around 1900, Zahm was a renowned scientist and naturalist at a national level. Zahm was involved in the Catholic School Movement, which introduced Catholic laicite to contemporary intellectual issues. His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) supported certain aspects of the theory of evolution and further argued that even the Church's great teachings, such as those of Thomas Aquinas and Augustine, conveyed similar ideas. The intervention of Irish-American Catholic authorities in Rome prevented Zahm from being condemned by the Vatican. In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a significant Amazon expedition.", 0.98902786, 1)
('In 2006, Beyoncé introduced her all-female tour band Suga Mama (also the name of a song in B\'Day) which includes bassists, drummers, guitarists, horn players, keyboardists and percussionists. Her background singers, The Mamas, consist of Montina Cooper-Donnell, Crystal Collins and Tiffany Moniqué Riddick. They made their debut appearance at the 2006 BET Awards and re-appeared in the music videos for "Irreplaceable" and "Green Light". The band have supported Beyoncé in most subsequent live performances, including her 2007 concert tour The Beyoncé Experience, 2009–2010 I Am... World Tour and 2013–2014 The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour.', ' In 2006, Beyoncé presented her all-female touring orchestra named Suga Mama (name of a song from her BDay album), which includes bassists, drummers, guitarists, brass players, keyboardists, and percussionists. Her background singers, The Mamas, consist of Montina Cooper-Donnell, Crystal Collins, and Tiffany Moniqué Riddick. They made their first on-stage appearance at the 2006 BET Awards and reappeared in the music videos for "Irreplaceable" and "Green Light". The group accompanied Beyoncé in most of her live performances, including her The Beyoncé Experience concert tour in 2007 and her worldwide I Am... tour from 2009-2010 and The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour from 2013-2014.', 0.98904693, 1)
('The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008. The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers. The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students.', ' The first step of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located next to the University of Notre Dame and funded by the university, began construction on June 3, 2008. The Eddy Street Commons have sparked labor protests when city workers hired by South Bend to build the public parking obstructed the private construction site after an entrepreneur hired non-unionized workers. The developer, Kite Realty based in Indianapolis, reached agreements with national retail chains instead of local businesses, a decision that drew criticism from former students and students.', 0.9890699, 0)
('Like other digital music players, iPods can serve as external data storage devices. Storage capacity varies by model, ranging from 2 GB for the iPod Shuffle to 128 GB for the iPod Touch (previously 160 GB for the iPod Classic, which is now discontinued).', ' Just like other music lovers, iPods can function as external storage devices. The storage capacity varies depending on the model, ranging from 2 GB for iPod Shuffle to 128 GB for iPod Touch (previously 160 Go for iPod Classic, which is now discontinued).', 0.9891351, 1)
("Christoph Waltz was cast in the role of Franz Oberhauser, though he refused to comment on the nature of the part. It was later revealed with the film's release that he is Ernst Stavro Blofeld. Dave Bautista was cast as Mr. Hinx after producers sought an actor with a background in contact sports. After casting Bérénice Lim Marlohe, a relative newcomer, as Sévérine in Skyfall, Mendes consciously sought out a more experienced actor for the role of Madeleine Swann, ultimately casting Léa Seydoux in the role. Monica Bellucci joined the cast as Lucia Sciarra, becoming, at the age of fifty, the oldest actress to be cast as a Bond girl. In a separate interview with Danish website Euroman, Jesper Christensen revealed he would be reprising his role as Mr. White from Casino Royale and Quantum of Solace. Christensen's character was reportedly killed off in a scene intended to be used as an epilogue to Quantum of Solace, before it was removed from the final cut of the film, enabling his return in Spectre.", "Christoph Waltz was cast in the role of Franz Oberhauser, but he refused to comment on the nature of the character. It was later revealed, at the film's release, that he was portraying Ernst Stavro Blofeld. Dave Bautista was cast in the role of Mr. Hinx after the producers had looked for an actor with experience in contact sports. After casting Bérénice Lim Marlohe as a newcomer in the role of Sévérine in Skyfall, Mendes deliberately sought a more experienced actor for the role of Madeleine Swann and eventually chose Léa Seydoux for the part. Monica Bellucci joined the cast as Lucia Sciarra, becoming, at fifty years old, the oldest actress to be cast as Bond's girl. In a separate interview with the Danish website Euroman, Jesper Christensen revealed that he would be reprising his role as Mr. White from Casino Royale and Quantum of Solace. The character of Christensen was reported to have been killed in a scene intended to serve as a conclusion to Quantum of Solace, before being cut from the final edit of the film, allowing his return in Spectre.", 0.9891374, 1)
('Beyoncé is believed to have first started a relationship with Jay Z after a collaboration on "\'03 Bonnie & Clyde", which appeared on his seventh album The Blueprint 2: The Gift & The Curse (2002). Beyoncé appeared as Jay Z\'s girlfriend in the music video for the song, which would further fuel speculation of their relationship. On April 4, 2008, Beyoncé and Jay Z were married without publicity. As of April 2014, the couple have sold a combined 300 million records together. The couple are known for their private relationship, although they have appeared to become more relaxed in recent years. Beyoncé suffered a miscarriage in 2010 or 2011, describing it as "the saddest thing" she had ever endured. She returned to the studio and wrote music in order to cope with the loss. In April 2011, Beyoncé and Jay Z traveled to Paris in order to shoot the album cover for her 4, and unexpectedly became pregnant in Paris.', ' Beyoncé is supposed to have started a relationship with Jay Z after a collaboration on "03 Bonnie & Clyde," which appeared on her seventh album The Blueprint 2: The Gift & The Curse (2002). Beyoncé appeared as Jay Z\'s girlfriend in the music video for the song, fueling further rumors about their relationship. On April 4, 2008, Beyoncé and Jay Z got married in secret. According to April 2014, the couple had sold 300 million records together. The couple is known for their discreet relationship, but they have seemed to become more relaxed in recent years. Beyoncé suffered a miscarriage in 2010 or 2011, describing it as "the saddest thing" she had ever lived through. She returned to the studio and wrote music to help herself heal. In April 2011, Beyoncé and Jay Z went to Paris to shoot the cover of her album 4, and they unexpectedly found out they were pregnant in Paris.', 0.98914516, 1)
('In 1358, the Sakya viceregal regime installed by the Mongols in Tibet was overthrown in a rebellion by the Phagmodru myriarch Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen (1302–1364). The Mongol Yuan court was forced to accept him as the new viceroy, and Changchub Gyaltsen and his successors, the Phagmodrupa Dynasty, gained de facto rule over Tibet.', ' In 1358, the Vicarial regime of Sakyas installed by the Mongols in Tibet was overthrown by a revolt led by Phagmodru Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen (1302-1364). The Mongol Yuan court was forced to acknowledge him as the new governor, and Changchub Gyaltsen and his successors, the Phagmodrupa dynasty, gained effective power over Tibet.', 0.98915786, 1)
('iPods have won several awards ranging from engineering excellence,[not in citation given] to most innovative audio product, to fourth best computer product of 2006. iPods often receive favorable reviews; scoring on looks, clean design, and ease of use. PC World says that iPod line has "altered the landscape for portable audio players". Several industries are modifying their products to work better with both the iPod line and the AAC audio format. Examples include CD copy-protection schemes, and mobile phones, such as phones from Sony Ericsson and Nokia, which play AAC files rather than WMA.', ' The iPods have received numerous awards ranging from technical excellence, [no citation given], to innovative audio product, to the fourth best computer product of 2006. The iPods frequently receive favorable reviews; marking the airwaves, the unique design and easy usage. The PC world declares that the iPod line has "changed the landscape of portable audio players". Numerous industries have adapted their products to work better with the iPod and the AAC audio format. Examples include CD copy protection schemes and mobile phones, such as Sony Ericsson and Nokia phones, which play AAC files instead of WMA.', 0.98917705, 1)
('Montana\'s motto, Oro y Plata, Spanish for "Gold and Silver", recognizing the significant role of mining, was first adopted in 1865, when Montana was still a territory. A state seal with a miner\'s pick and shovel above the motto, surrounded by the mountains and the Great Falls of the Missouri River, was adopted during the first meeting of the territorial legislature in 1864–65. The design was only slightly modified after Montana became a state and adopted it as the Great Seal of the State of Montana, enacted by the legislature in 1893. The state flower, the bitterroot, was adopted in 1895 with the support of a group called the Floral Emblem Association, which formed after Montana\'s Women\'s Christian Temperance Union adopted the bitterroot as the organization\'s state flower. All other symbols were adopted throughout the 20th century, save for Montana\'s newest symbol, the state butterfly, the mourning cloak, adopted in 2001, and the state lullaby, "Montana Lullaby", adopted in 2007.', ' The motto of Montana, "Oro y Plata" or "Gold and Silver," recognizing the important role of mining, was adopted for the first time in 1865, when Montana was still a territory. A state seal with a miner\'s pick and shovel above the motto, surrounded by mountains and the Great Falls of the Missouri, was adopted during the first territorial legislative session in 1864-65. The design was slightly modified after Montana became a state and was adopted as the Great Seal of the State of Montana by the legislature in 1893. The state flower, bitterroot, was adopted in 1895 with the support of a group called the Floral Emblems Association, which formed after the Montana Women\'s Christian Temperance Union adopted bitterroot as their organization\'s flower. All other symbols were adopted during the 20th century, with the exception of Montana\'s most recent symbols, the state butterfly, the mourning cloak, adopted in 2001, and the state lullaby, "Montana Lullaby," adopted in 2007.', 0.98919505, 1)
("According to the 2011 Census, 81.0% of the Portuguese population are Roman Catholic. The country has small Protestant, Latter-day Saint, Muslim, Hindu, Sikh, Eastern Orthodox Church, Jehovah's Witnesses, Baha'i, Buddhist, Jewish and Spiritist communities. Influences from African Traditional Religion and Chinese Traditional Religion are also felt among many people, particularly in fields related with Traditional Chinese Medicine and African Witch Doctors. Some 6.8% of the population declared themselves to be non-religious, and 8.3% did not give any answer about their religion.", " According to the 2011 Census, 81.0% of the Portuguese population are Roman Catholics. The country has communities of Protestants, Latter-day Saints, Muslims, Hindus, Sikhs, Orthodox Eastern Christians, Jehovah's Witnesses, Baha'is, Buddhists, Jews, and Spiritists. Influences of African Traditional Religion and Chinese Traditional Religion are also felt by many people, particularly in the areas of Traditional Chinese Medicine and African Witchcraft. A part of 6.8% of the population declared themselves non-religious, and 8.3% did not answer the question about their religion.", 0.9891972, 1)
('Transferring GameCube development to the Wii was relatively simple, since the Wii was being created to be compatible with the GameCube.[o] At E3 2005, Nintendo released a small number of Nintendo DS game cards containing a preview trailer for Twilight Princess. They also announced that Zelda would appear on the Wii (then codenamed "Revolution"), but it was not clear to the media if this meant Twilight Princess or a different game.', ' The transfer of GameCube development to the Wii was quite straightforward, as the Wii was being designed to be compatible with the GameCube. [At E3 2005, Nintendo unveiled a limited number of Nintendo DS game cards featuring a preview trailer for Twilight Princess. They also announced that Zelda would be coming to the Wii, then known as the "Revolution." However, it was unclear to the media whether this meant Twilight Princess or a different game.]', 0.98922104, 1)
('Forbes magazine began reporting on Beyoncé\'s earnings in 2008, calculating that the $80 million earned between June 2007 to June 2008, for her music, tour, films and clothing line made her the world\'s best-paid music personality at the time, above Madonna and Celine Dion. They placed her fourth on the Celebrity 100 list in 2009 and ninth on the "Most Powerful Women in the World" list in 2010. The following year, Forbes placed her eighth on the "Best-Paid Celebrities Under 30" list, having earned $35 million in the past year for her clothing line and endorsement deals. In 2012, Forbes placed Beyoncé at number 16 on the Celebrity 100 list, twelve places lower than three years ago yet still having earned $40 million in the past year for her album 4, clothing line and endorsement deals. In the same year, Beyoncé and Jay Z placed at number one on the "World\'s Highest-Paid Celebrity Couples", for collectively earning $78 million. The couple made it into the previous year\'s Guinness World Records as the "highest-earning power couple" for collectively earning $122 million in 2009. For the years 2009 to 2011, Beyoncé earned an average of $70 million per year, and earned $40 million in 2012. In 2013, Beyoncé\'s endorsements of Pepsi and H&M made her and Jay Z the world\'s first billion dollar couple in the music industry. That year, Beyoncé was published as the fourth most-powerful celebrity in the Forbes rankings. MTV estimated that by the end of 2014, Beyoncé would become the highest-paid black musician in history; she succeeded to do so in April 2014. In June 2014, Beyoncé ranked at #1 on the Forbes Celebrity 100 list, earning an estimated $115 million throughout June 2013 – June 2014. This in turn was the first time she had topped the Celebrity 100 list as well as being her highest yearly earnings to date. As of May 2015, her net worth is estimated to be $250 million.', " Magazine Forbes began estimating Beyoncé's earnings since 2008, calculating she had made $80 million from June 2007 to June 2008, from music, touring, films, and her clothing line, making her the highest earning musical artist in the world, ahead of Madonna and Celine Dion. She ranked fourth on the list of the Most Influential Celebrities in 2009 and ninth on the list of the World's Most Powerful Women in 2010. The following year, Forbes ranked her eighth on the list of the Most Influential Celebrities, earning $35 million the previous year from her clothing line and endorsements. In 2012, Forbes ranked her sixteen on the list of the Most Influential Celebrities, eleven places lower than three years prior, but she had still earned $40 million that year from her album 4, her clothing line, and endorsements. At the same time, Beyoncé and Jay Z topped the list of the World's Most Powerful Celebrity Couples, with a total of $78 million. The couple had been in the Guinness World Records as the most financially successful couple in the music industry, with earnings of $122 million in 2009. Between 2009 and 2011, Beyoncé earned an average of $70 million per year, and $40 million in 2012. In 2013, Beyoncé and Jay Z's endorsement deals with Pepsi and H&M made them the first billionaire couple in the music industry. That year, Beyoncé ranked fourth on Forbes' list of the Most Powerful Celebrities. According to MTV, by the end of 2014, Beyoncé would become the highest earning black musician in history; she achieved this in April 2014. In June 2014, Beyoncé topped Forbes' list of the Most Influential Celebrities, earning an estimated $115 million between June 2013 and June 2014. This was the first time she topped the list, as well as her highest earning year to date. According to estimates from May 2015, her personal fortune was valued at $250 million.", 0.9892322, 1)
("Apple's iTunes software (and other alternative software) can be used to transfer music, photos, videos, games, contact information, e-mail settings, Web bookmarks, and calendars, to the devices supporting these features from computers using certain versions of Apple Macintosh and Microsoft Windows operating systems.", ' Apple iTunes software, as well as other alternative software, can be utilized to transfer music, photos, videos, games, contact information, email settings, Web bookmarks, and calendars, to devices with compatible features from computers running specific versions of Apple Macintosh and Microsoft Windows operating systems.', 0.9892752, 1)
('In May 2005, Lee made an uncharacteristic appearance at the Los Angeles Public Library at the request of Peck\'s widow Veronique, who said of Lee: "She\'s like a national treasure. She\'s someone who has made a difference...with this book. The book is still as strong as it ever was, and so is the film. All the kids in the United States read this book and see the film in the seventh and eighth grades and write papers and essays. My husband used to get thousands and thousands of letters from teachers who would send them to him."', ' In May 2005, Lee unexpectedly appeared at the Public Library of Los Angeles at the request of Peck\'s widow, Veronique. She said of Lee: "She is like a national treasure. She is someone who made a difference...with this book. The book is still just as powerful as it was, and the same goes for the film. All children in the United States read this book and see the film in sixth and seventh grade and write papers and essays. My husband received thousands and thousands of letters from teachers who sent them to him."', 0.9893975, 0)
('Over 230 works of Chopin survive; some compositions from early childhood have been lost. All his known works involve the piano, and only a few range beyond solo piano music, as either piano concertos, songs or chamber music.', " More than 230 of Chopin's works have survived; some compositions from his childhood are lost. All known works of his involve the piano, and only a part goes beyond piano solo music, such as piano concertos, songs, or chamber music.", 0.98940176, 1)
('However, Lok-Ham Chan, a professor of history at the University of Washington, writes that Changchub Gyaltsen\'s aims were to recreate the old Tibetan Kingdom that existed during the Chinese Tang dynasty, to build "nationalist sentiment" amongst Tibetans, and to "remove all traces of Mongol suzerainty." Georges Dreyfus, a professor of religion at Williams College, writes that it was Changchub Gyaltsen who adopted the old administrative system of Songtsän Gampo (c. 605–649)—the first leader of the Tibetan Empire to establish Tibet as a strong power—by reinstating its legal code of punishments and administrative units. For example, instead of the 13 governorships established by the Mongol Sakya viceroy, Changchub Gyaltsen divided Central Tibet into districts (dzong) with district heads (dzong dpon) who had to conform to old rituals and wear clothing styles of old Imperial Tibet. Van Praag asserts that Changchub Gyaltsen\'s ambitions were to "restore to Tibet the glories of its Imperial Age" by reinstating secular administration, promoting "national culture and traditions," and installing a law code that survived into the 20th century.', ' But, Lok-Ham Chan, professor of history at the University of Washington, writes that Changchub Gyaltsen\'s objectives were to recreate the ancient Tibetan kingdom that existed during the Chinese Tang dynasty, to foster "a nationalist sentiment" among the Tibetans, and to "suppress all traces of Mongol suzerainty." Georges Dreyfus, professor of religion at Williams College, writes that it was Changchub Gyaltsen who adopted the ancient administrative system of Songtsän Gampo (c. 605–649) – the first Tibetan ruler to establish Tibet as a powerful empire – by reinstating his legal code of penalties and administrative units. For instance, instead of the 13 provinces established by the Mongol vice-royalty, Changchub Gyaltsen divided central Tibet into districts (dzong) with district chiefs (dzong dpon) who were to adhere to ancient rituals and wear the imperial Tibetan style of clothing. Van Praag asserts that Changchub Gyaltsen\'s ambitions were to "restore to the Tibetans the glories of their imperial age" by reinstating a secular administration, promoting "culture and national traditions," and installing a legal code that survived into the 20th century.', 0.98941046, 1)
('Media requests at the trade show prompted Kondo to consider using orchestral music for the other tracks in the game as well, a notion reinforced by his preference for live instruments. He originally envisioned a full 50-person orchestra for action sequences and a string quartet for more "lyrical moments", though the final product used sequenced music instead. Kondo later cited the lack of interactivity that comes with orchestral music as one of the main reasons for the decision. Both six- and seven-track versions of the game\'s soundtrack were released on November 19, 2006, as part of a Nintendo Power promotion and bundled with replicas of the Master Sword and the Hylian Shield.', ' The press requests at the exhibition pushed Kondo to consider using orchestral music for other game sequences, an idea reinforced by his preference for live instruments. He had initially imagined a full orchestra of fifty people for the action sequences and a string quartet for more "lyrical" moments, but the final product used sequenced music instead. Kondo later cited the lack of interactivity that comes with orchestral music as one of the main reasons for this decision. The six- and seven-track soundtrack CDs of the game were released on November 19, 2006, as part of a Nintendo Power promotion and with Master Sword and Hylian Shield replicas.', 0.9894402, 1)
("Numerous major American cultural movements began in the city, such as the Harlem Renaissance, which established the African-American literary canon in the United States. The city was a center of jazz in the 1940s, abstract expressionism in the 1950s, and the birthplace of hip hop in the 1970s. The city's punk and hardcore scenes were influential in the 1970s and 1980s. New York has long had a flourishing scene for Jewish American literature.", ' Numerous major cultural movements in America began in the city, such as the Harlem Renaissance, which established the Afro-American literary canon in the United States. The city was the center of jazz in the 1940s, of abstract expressionism in the 1950s, and the birthplace of hip hop in the 1970s. The New York punk and hardcore scenes were influential in the 1970s and 1980s. The city has a long-standing thriving American Jewish literary scene.', 0.98944426, 1)
('The traditional New York area accent is characterized as non-rhotic, so that the sound [ɹ] does not appear at the end of a syllable or immediately before a consonant; hence the pronunciation of the city name as "New Yawk." There is no [ɹ] in words like park [pɑək] or [pɒək] (with vowel backed and diphthongized due to the low-back chain shift), butter [bʌɾə], or here [hiə]. In another feature called the low back chain shift, the [ɔ] vowel sound of words like talk, law, cross, chocolate, and coffee and the often homophonous [ɔr] in core and more are tensed and usually raised more than in General American. In the most old-fashioned and extreme versions of the New York dialect, the vowel sounds of words like "girl" and of words like "oil" became a diphthong [ɜɪ]. This would often be misperceived by speakers of other accents as a reversal of the er and oy sounds, so that girl is pronounced "goil" and oil is pronounced "erl"; this leads to the caricature of New Yorkers saying things like "Joizey" (Jersey), "Toidy-Toid Street" (33rd St.) and "terlet" (toilet). The character Archie Bunker from the 1970s sitcom All in the Family (played by Carroll O\'Connor) was a notable example of having used this pattern of speech, which continues to fade in its overall presence.', ' The traditional accent of the New York region is characterized as non-rhotic, meaning that the sound [ɹ] does not appear at the end of a syllable or immediately before a consonant; therefore, the pronunciation of the city as "New Yawk." There is no [ɹ] in words like park [pɑək] or [pɒək] (with the back vowel and diphthongized due to the lowering of the vowel chain), butter [bʌɾə], or here [hiə]. In another characteristic called the lowering of the vowel chain, the sound [ɔ] in words like talk, law, cross, chocolate and coffee, and the often homophonic [ɔr] in core and more, are tightened and generally raised more than in general American. In the oldest and most extreme versions of the New York dialect, the vowel sounds in words like "daughter" and in words like "oil" have become a diphthong [ɜɪ]. This was often misunderstood by speakers of other accents as an inversion of the sounds er and oy, so that "daughter" is pronounced "goil" and "oil" is pronounced "erl"; this led to the caricature of New Yorkers who said things like "Joizey" (New Jersey), "Thirty-third Street" (33rd St.), and "terlet" (toilet). The character Archie Bunker from the 1970s sitcom called "All in the Family" (played by Carroll O\'Connor) was a notable example of using this speech pattern, which continues to weaken in its global presence.', 0.9894495, 1)
("The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals. It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy. For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch. Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F. A. Hermens, and John U. Nef. It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition.", " The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, inspired by German Catholic journals. It rapidly became part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, providing an alternative vision to positivist philosophy. For 44 years, it was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson and Thomas Stritch. Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F. A. Hermens and John U. Nef. It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, particularly from a Catholic and scholastic tradition.", 0.98945403, 1)
('Rescue efforts performed by the Chinese government were praised by western media, especially in comparison with Myanmar\'s blockage of foreign aid during Cyclone Nargis, as well as China\'s previous performance during the 1976 Tangshan earthquake. China\'s openness during the media coverage of the Sichuan earthquake led a professor at the Peking University to say, “This is the first time [that] the Chinese media has lived up to international standards”. Los Angeles Times praised China\'s media coverage of the quake of being "democratic".', ' The rescue efforts conducted by the Chinese government received praise from Western media, with particular comparison to Myanmar\'s blocking of foreign aid during Cyclone Nargis and China\'s previous performance during the 1976 Tangshan earthquake. The openness of the Chinese media during the coverage of the Sichuan earthquake led a professor at Peking University to remark, "This is the first time [that] the Chinese media has met international standards." The Los Angeles Times commended China\'s media coverage of the quake as "democratic."', 0.9894756, 1)
("The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name. The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s. Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army. Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism. The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924. Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church. The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend. Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia. On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr. Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes. The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence. A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana.", " The success of its football team made Notre Dame a familiar name. The success of Notre Dame reflected the rising power of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s. Catholics rallied around the team and listened to the games on the radio, particularly when it beat the symbolic Protestant schools in the United States — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army. However, this role as a prominent Catholic institution made it an easy target for anti-Catholicism. The most notable episode of violence occurred between Notre Dame students and the Klan in 1924. Nativism and anti-Catholicism, particularly towards immigrants, were key elements of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church. The Klan decided to have a Klan week in South Bend. Clashes with the student population began on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from disembarking from the trains at South Bend station and tore off their robes and KKK insignia. On May 19, thousands of students gathered in the city center to protest against the Klan, and only the arrival of the college president, Father Matthew Walsh, prevented further violence. The following day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and called on students to obey the college president and renounce any further violence. A few days later, the Klan disbanded, but the hostility shown by the students was a foreshadowing and a contribution to the decline of the KKK in Indiana.", 0.989481, 1)
("Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university. The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School. The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize. Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School. It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art. Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams. The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U.S. colleges.", " Beyond its reputation in sports, Notre Dame is also a well-known four-year residential and research university, regularly ranked among the top 20 universities in the United States and as a major global university. The graduate education component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Sciences, Engineering, Commerce) and the School of Architecture. The latter is renowned for teaching New Classical Architecture and for annually awarding the internationally recognized Driehaus Architecture Prize. The Notre Dame graduate program offers over 50 master's, doctoral, and professional training programs proposed by the five schools, in addition to the Notre Dame Law School and an MD-PhD program in collaboration with the School of Medicine at IU. The university maintains a system of libraries, cultural centers, art and scientific museums, including the Hesburgh Library and the Snite Art Museum. Approximately 80% of the 8,000 undergraduate students live on campus in one of the 29 university residences, each having its own traditions, heritages, events, and intramural sports teams. The university has approximately 120,000 alumni, considered one of the strongest networks of alumni among American schools.", 0.98952234, 1)
("The Staten Island Ferry is the world's busiest ferry route, carrying approximately 20 million passengers on the 5.2-mile (8.4 km) route between Staten Island and Lower Manhattan and running 24 hours a day. Other ferry systems shuttle commuters between Manhattan and other locales within the city and the metropolitan area.", ' The Staten Island Ferry is the most frequently used ferry route in the world, transporting approximately 20 million passengers on the 5.2 mile (8.4 km) route between Staten Island and Lower Manhattan, operating 24 hours a day. Other ferry systems transport commuters between Manhattan and other locations in the metropolitan area.', 0.9895632, 1)
('Many websites converted their home page to black and white; Sina.com and Sohu, major internet portals, limited their homepages to news items and removed all advertisements. Chinese video sharing websites Youku and Tudou displayed a black background and placed multiple videos showing earthquake footage and news reports. The Chinese version of MSN, cn.msn.com, also displayed banner ads about the earthquake and the relief efforts. Other entertainment websites, including various gaming sites, such as the Chinese servers for World of Warcraft, had shut down altogether, or had corresponding links to earthquake donations. After the moments of silence, in Tiananmen Square, crowds spontaneously burst out cheering various slogans, including "Long Live China". Casinos in Macau closed down.', ' Many websites have converted their homepages to black and white; Sina.com and Sohu, the main Chinese internet portals, have limited their homepages to information and removed all advertisements. The Chinese video sharing platforms Youku and Tudou have displayed a black background and have placed several videos showing images and reports on the earthquake. The Chinese version of MSN, cn.msn.com, has also displayed banners about the earthquake and relief efforts. Other entertainment sites, including various game servers, such as the Chinese servers of World of Warcraft, have been shut down completely or have provided links for donations for relief. After minutes of silence, Tiananmen Square, crowds gathered shouting various slogans, notably "Long live China". Casinos in Macao have closed.', 0.9895931, 1)
('During the last three decades of the 19th century a proliferation of anthropological societies and associations occurred, most independent, most publishing their own journals, and all international in membership and association. The major theorists belonged to these organizations. They supported the gradual osmosis of anthropology curricula into the major institutions of higher learning. By 1898 the American Association for the Advancement of Science was able to report that 48 educational institutions in 13 countries had some curriculum in anthropology. None of the 75 faculty members were under a department named anthropology.', ' During the last three decades of the 19th century, there was a proliferation of anthropological societies and associations, most of which were independent, published their own journal, and all international in membership and association. The main theorists belonged to them. They supported the gradual osmosis of anthropology curriculums into the main institutions of higher learning. According to the American Association for the Advancement of Science, in 1898, 48 institutions in 13 countries had something in their curriculum related to anthropology. None of the 75 teachers were under a named anthropology department.', 0.98961186, 1)
('Solar concentrating technologies such as parabolic dish, trough and Scheffler reflectors can provide process heat for commercial and industrial applications. The first commercial system was the Solar Total Energy Project (STEP) in Shenandoah, Georgia, USA where a field of 114 parabolic dishes provided 50% of the process heating, air conditioning and electrical requirements for a clothing factory. This grid-connected cogeneration system provided 400 kW of electricity plus thermal energy in the form of 401 kW steam and 468 kW chilled water, and had a one-hour peak load thermal storage. Evaporation ponds are shallow pools that concentrate dissolved solids through evaporation. The use of evaporation ponds to obtain salt from sea water is one of the oldest applications of solar energy. Modern uses include concentrating brine solutions used in leach mining and removing dissolved solids from waste streams. Clothes lines, clotheshorses, and clothes racks dry clothes through evaporation by wind and sunlight without consuming electricity or gas. In some states of the United States legislation protects the "right to dry" clothes. Unglazed transpired collectors (UTC) are perforated sun-facing walls used for preheating ventilation air. UTCs can raise the incoming air temperature up to 22 °C (40 °F) and deliver outlet temperatures of 45–60 °C (113–140 °F). The short payback period of transpired collectors (3 to 12 years) makes them a more cost-effective alternative than glazed collection systems. As of 2003, over 80 systems with a combined collector area of 35,000 square metres (380,000 sq ft) had been installed worldwide, including an 860 m2 (9,300 sq ft) collector in Costa Rica used for drying coffee beans and a 1,300 m2 (14,000 sq ft) collector in Coimbatore, India, used for drying marigolds.', ' Solar concentrating technologies such as parabolic troughs, parabolic dishes, and Scheffler reflectors can provide heat for commercial and industrial applications. The first commercial system was the Total Solar Energy Project (TSEP) in Shenandoah, Georgia, USA, which consisted of a field of 114 parabolic dishes providing 50% of the heating, cooling, and electricity needs of a clothing factory. This cogeneration system, connected to the grid, provided 400 kW of additional electricity and 801 kW of steam and chilled water, and had a thermal storage capacity of one hour. Evaporation ponds are shallow pools that concentrate dissolved salts through evaporation. The use of evaporation ponds to obtain solar salt from seawater is one of the oldest applications of solar energy. Modern applications include the concentration of brine solutions used in open-pit mining and the removal of dissolved salts from waste. Clotheslines, clothes supports, and clothes drying racks dry clothes through evaporation using', 0.9896278, 1)
("The official position of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China is that the Ming implemented a policy of managing Tibet according to conventions and customs, granting titles and setting up administrative organs over Tibet. The State Council Information Office of the People's Republic states that the Ming dynasty's Ü-Tsang Commanding Office governed most areas of Tibet. It also states that while the Ming abolished the policy council set up by the Mongol Yuan to manage local affairs in Tibet and the Mongol system of Imperial Tutors to govern religious affairs, the Ming adopted a policy of bestowing titles upon religious leaders who had submitted to the Ming dynasty. For example, an edict of the Hongwu Emperor in 1373 appointed the Tibetan leader Choskunskyabs as the General of the Ngari Military and Civil Wanhu Office, stating:", " The official position of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China is that the Ming Dynasty managed Tibet in accordance with conventions and customs, granting titles and establishing administrative organs. According to the Office of Information and Press of the State Council of the People's Republic of China, the Office of Command of U-Tsang of the Ming Dynasty governed most regions of Tibet. It is also declared that the Ming Dynasty abolished the local political council established by the Yuan Mongol Dynasty to manage Tibetan affairs and the imperial system of Imperial Tutorates to manage religious affairs, but adopted a policy of bestowing titles upon religious leaders who submitted to the Ming Dynasty. For instance, an edict of Emperor Hongwu in 1373 named the Tibetan leader Choskunskyabs as General of the Military and Civil Office Wanhu of Ngari, stating:", 0.9896538, 1)
('Beyoncé announced a hiatus from her music career in January 2010, heeding her mother\'s advice, "to live life, to be inspired by things again". During the break she and her father parted ways as business partners. Beyoncé\'s musical break lasted nine months and saw her visit multiple European cities, the Great Wall of China, the Egyptian pyramids, Australia, English music festivals and various museums and ballet performances.', ' Beyoncé announced a break in her musical career in January 2010, listening to her mother\'s advice to "live life, be inspired by new things." During the break, she and her father parted ways as business partners. Beyoncé\'s musical hiatus lasted nine months and included visits to numerous European cities, the Great Wall of China, Egyptian pyramids, Australia, English music festivals, and various museums and ballet performances.', 0.98969954, 1)
('Improvisation stands at the centre of Chopin\'s creative processes. However, this does not imply impulsive rambling: Nicholas Temperley writes that "improvisation is designed for an audience, and its starting-point is that audience\'s expectations, which include the current conventions of musical form." The works for piano and orchestra, including the two concertos, are held by Temperley to be "merely vehicles for brilliant piano playing ... formally longwinded and extremely conservative". After the piano concertos (which are both early, dating from 1830), Chopin made no attempts at large-scale multi-movement forms, save for his late sonatas for piano and for cello; "instead he achieved near-perfection in pieces of simple general design but subtle and complex cell-structure." Rosen suggests that an important aspect of Chopin\'s individuality is his flexible handling of the four-bar phrase as a structural unit.', 'Improvisation is at the core of Chopin\'s creative processes. However, this does not mean impulsive and aimless ramblings: Nicholas Temperley states that "improvisation is designed for an audience, and its starting-point is the audiences expectations, which include the current conventions of musical form." The piano and orchestra works, including the two concertos, are viewed by Temperley as "merely vehicles for brilliant piano playing ... formally longwinded and extremely conservative." After the piano concertos (which are both early, from 1830), Chopin made no attempts at large-scale multi-movement forms, except for his late sonatas for piano and for cello; "instead he achieved near-perfection in pieces of simple general design but subtle and complex cell-structure." Rosen proposes that an essential aspect of Chopin\'s individuality is his adaptable management of the four-bar phrase as a structural unit.', 0.9897019, 1)
("As the King's confidence in de Melo increased, the King entrusted him with more control of the state. By 1755, Sebastião de Melo was made Prime Minister. Impressed by British economic success that he had witnessed from the Ambassador, he successfully implemented similar economic policies in Portugal. He abolished slavery in Portugal and in the Portuguese colonies in India; reorganized the army and the navy; restructured the University of Coimbra, and ended discrimination against different Christian sects in Portugal.", " When the King's trust in Melo grew, the King entrusted him with more control over the state. Around 1755, Sebastião de Melo was made Prime Minister. Impressed by the economic success of Britain shown to him by the Ambassador, he managed to implement similar economic policies in Portugal. He abolished slavery in Portugal and in the Portuguese colonies in India; he reorganized the army and the navy; and he reorganized the University of Coimbra, and put an end to discrimination against the various Christian sects in Portugal.", 0.98972076, 1)
('New York\'s high rate of public transit use, over 200,000 daily cyclists as of 2014, and many pedestrian commuters make it the most energy-efficient major city in the United States. Walk and bicycle modes of travel account for 21% of all modes for trips in the city; nationally the rate for metro regions is about 8%. In both its 2011 and 2015 rankings, Walk Score named New York City the most walkable large city in the United States. Citibank sponsored the introduction of 10,000 public bicycles for the city\'s bike-share project in the summer of 2013. Research conducted by Quinnipiac University showed that a majority of New Yorkers support the initiative. New York City\'s numerical "in-season cycling indicator" of bicycling in the city hit an all-time high in 2013.', ' New York City, with over 200,000 daily cyclists in 2014 and numerous pedestrian commuters, is the most energy-efficient major city in the US. Walking and bicycle travel account for 21% of all city trips; the rate for metro areas is approximately 8%. In its 2011 and 2015 rankings, Walk Score named New York City the most walkable large city in the US. Citibank introduced 10,000 public bicycles for the city\'s bike-share project in the summer of 2013. A majority of New Yorkers supported this initiative, according to research conducted by Quinnipiac University. New York City\'s "in-season cycling indicator" for bicycling in the city reached an all-time high in 2013. (Walk Score is a company that assesses the ease of walking in cities and neighborhoods using algorithms based on public transportation data and geolocation data. The Walk Score rankings are determined by criteria such as proximity of services, population density, and availability of public transportation.)', 0.98976624, 1)
('On the evening of May 18, CCTV-1 hosted a special four-hour program called The Giving of Love (simplified Chinese: 爱的奉献; traditional Chinese: 愛的奉獻), hosted by regulars from the CCTV New Year\'s Gala and round-the-clock coverage anchor Bai Yansong. It was attended by a wide range of entertainment, literary, business and political figures from mainland China, Hong Kong, Singapore and Taiwan. Donations of the evening totalled 1.5 billion Chinese Yuan (~US$208 million). Of the donations, CCTV gave the biggest corporate contribution at ¥50 million. Almost at the same time in Taiwan, a similarly themed programme was on air hosted by the sitting president Ma Ying-jeou. In June, Hong Kong actor Jackie Chan, who donated $1.57 million to the victims, made a music video alongside other artists entitled "Promise"; the song was composed by Andy Lau. The Artistes 512 Fund Raising Campaign, an 8-hour fundraising marathon, was held on June 1 in Hong Kong; it was attended by some 200 Sinosphere musicians and celebrities. In Singapore, MediaCorp Channel 8 hosted a \'live\' programme 让爱川流不息 to raise funds for the victims.', ' On the evening of May 18, CCTV-1 aired a special four-hour program titled "The Giving of Love" (simplified Chinese: 爱的奉献; traditional Chinese: 愛的奉獻), hosted by regulars from the CCTV New Years Gala and anchor Bai Yansong. The program attracted a diverse group of entertainment, literary, business, and political figures from mainland China, Hong Kong, Singapore, and Taiwan. The total donations for the evening reached 1.5 billion Chinese Yuan (~US$208 million). CCTV made the largest corporate contribution of ¥50 million. Simultaneously in Taiwan, a program with a similar theme was broadcasted, hosted by the sitting president Ma Ying-jeou. In June, Hong Kong actor Jackie Chan, who donated $1.57 million to the victims, collaborated with other artists on a music video titled "Promise"; the song was composed by Andy Lau. The Artistes 512 Fund Raising Campaign, an 8-hour fundraising marathon, took place on June 1 in Hong Kong, attended by approximately 200 Sinosphere musicians and celebrities. In Singapore, MediaCorp Channel 8 hosted a live program "让爱川流不息" to raise funds for the victims.', 0.9898372, 1)
('Slobodan Milošević, as the former President of Serbia and of Yugoslavia, was the most senior political figure to stand trial at the ICTY. He died on 11 March 2006 during his trial where he was accused of genocide or complicity in genocide in territories within Bosnia and Herzegovina, so no verdict was returned. In 1995, the ICTY issued a warrant for the arrest of Bosnian Serbs Radovan Karadžić and Ratko Mladić on several charges including genocide. On 21 July 2008, Karadžić was arrested in Belgrade, and he is currently in The Hague on trial accused of genocide among other crimes. Ratko Mladić was arrested on 26 May 2011 by Serbian special police in Lazarevo, Serbia. Karadzic was convicted of ten of the eleven charges laid against him and sentenced to 40 years in prison on March 24 2016.', 'Slobodan Milošević, former President of Serbia and Yugoslavia, was the most senior political figure indicted at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY). He died on March 11, 2006 during his trial, in which he was accused of genocide or complicity in genocide in territories in Bosnia-Herzegovina, no verdict having been rendered. In 1995, the ICTY issued an arrest warrant against the Bosnian Serbs Radovan Karadžić and Ratko Mladić for several charges, including genocide. On July 21, 2008, Karadžić was arrested in Belgrade and is currently on trial at The Hague, accused of genocide as well as other crimes. Mladić was arrested on May 26, 2011 by the Serbian Special Police at Lazarevo, in Serbia. Karadžic was condemned for ten of the eleven charges brought against him and was sentenced to 40 years in prison on March 24, 2016.', 0.9898867, 1)
("Manhattan's skyline, with its many skyscrapers, is universally recognized, and the city has been home to several of the tallest buildings in the world. As of 2011, New York City had 5,937 high-rise buildings, of which 550 completed structures were at least 330 feet (100 m) high, both second in the world after Hong Kong, with over 50 completed skyscrapers taller than 656 feet (200 m). These include the Woolworth Building (1913), an early gothic revival skyscraper built with massively scaled gothic detailing.", ' The Manhattan skyline, with its numerous skyscrapers, is recognized worldwide, and the city has welcomed several of the tallest buildings in the world. According to 2011 data, the city of New York had 5,937 tall buildings, of which 550 structures reached at least 330 feet (100 m), making it second in the world behind Hong Kong, with over 50 buildings completed taller than 656 feet (200 m). These included the Woolworth Building (1913), a gothic revival skyscraper built with large-scale gothic details.', 0.989897, 1)
('Professional anthropological bodies often object to the use of anthropology for the benefit of the state. Their codes of ethics or statements may proscribe anthropologists from giving secret briefings. The Association of Social Anthropologists of the UK and Commonwealth (ASA) has called certain scholarship ethically dangerous. The AAA\'s current \'Statement of Professional Responsibility\' clearly states that "in relation with their own government and with host governments ... no secret research, no secret reports or debriefings of any kind should be agreed to or given."', ' Professional anthropological organizations frequently object to the use of anthropology for the benefit of the state. Their codes of ethics or statements may prohibit anthropologists from giving secret briefings. The Association of Social Anthropologists of the UK and Commonwealth (ASA) has labeled certain research as ethically dangerous. The AAA\'s current Statement of Professional Responsibility clearly states that "in relation to their own government and with host governments ... no secret research, no secret reports or debriefings of any kind should be agreed to or given."', 0.9899178, 1)
("The game's score was composed by Toru Minegishi and Asuka Ohta, with series regular Koji Kondo serving as the sound supervisor. Minegishi took charge of composition and sound design in Twilight Princess, providing all field and dungeon music under the supervision of Kondo. For the trailers, three pieces were written by different composers, two of which were created by Mahito Yokota and Kondo. Michiru Ōshima created orchestral arrangements for the three compositions, later to be performed by an ensemble conducted by Yasuzo Takemoto. Kondo's piece was later chosen as music for the E3 2005 trailer and for the demo movie after the game's title screen.", " The game's score was composed by Toru Minegishi and Asuka Ohta, with Koji Kondo serving as sound supervisor. Minegishi was in charge of the composition and sound design in Twilight Princess, providing all field and dungeon music under Kondo's supervision. For the trailers, three pieces were composed by different composers, two of them being composed by Mahito Yokota and Kondo. Michiru Ōshima arranged orchestral versions of the three compositions, later performed by an ensemble directed by Yasuzo Takemoto. Kondo's music was later chosen for the E3 2005 trailer and the film after the game's title.", 0.98992527, 1)
('iPod batteries are not designed to be removed or replaced by the user, although some users have been able to open the case themselves, usually following instructions from third-party vendors of iPod replacement batteries. Compounding the problem, Apple initially would not replace worn-out batteries. The official policy was that the customer should buy a refurbished replacement iPod, at a cost almost equivalent to a brand new one. All lithium-ion batteries lose capacity during their lifetime even when not in use (guidelines are available for prolonging life-span) and this situation led to a market for third-party battery replacement kits.', ' The iPod batteries are not designed to be removed or replaced by the user, despite what some users have managed to open the casing themselves, usually by following instructions from third-party battery replacement suppliers for iPod. Initially, Apple refused to replace worn-out batteries. The official policy was to sell the customer a repaired iPod, at a cost almost equivalent to a new one. All lithium-ion batteries lose capacity during their life, even when not in use (instructions are available to extend their life), and this situation led to a market for third-party battery replacement kits.', 0.98992985, 1)
('New York City has been described as the cultural capital of the world by the diplomatic consulates of Iceland and Latvia and by New York\'s Baruch College. A book containing a series of essays titled New York, culture capital of the world, 1940–1965 has also been published as showcased by the National Library of Australia. In describing New York, author Tom Wolfe said, "Culture just seems to be in the air, like part of the weather."', ' New York has been described as the cultural capital of the world by the diplomatic consulates of Iceland and Latvia, and by New York\'s Baruch College. A book entitled "New York, cultural capital of the world, 1940–1965" has also been published, as shown by the National Library of Australia. In describing New York, author Tom Wolfe said: "Culture just seems to be in the air, like part of the weather."', 0.98997766, 1)
('On May 16 China stated it had also received $457 million in donated money and goods for rescue efforts so far, including $83 million from 19 countries and four international organizations. Saudi Arabia was the largest aid donor to China, providing close to €40,000,000 in financial assistance, and an additional €8,000,000 worth of relief materials.', 'Since May 16, China has announced receiving $457 million in donations and goods for relief efforts, including $83 million from 19 countries and four international organizations. Saudi Arabia was the largest humanitarian donor to China, providing nearly €39 million in additional financial aid and €8 million worth of additional relief supplies.', 0.99000466, 1)
('Nutritional anthropology is a synthetic concept that deals with the interplay between economic systems, nutritional status and food security, and how changes in the former affect the latter. If economic and environmental changes in a community affect access to food, food security, and dietary health, then this interplay between culture and biology is in turn connected to broader historical and economic trends associated with globalization. Nutritional status affects overall health status, work performance potential, and the overall potential for economic development (either in terms of human development or traditional western models) for any given group of people.', ' Nutritional anthropology is a synthetic concept that deals with the interactions between economic systems, nutritional status, and food security, and how economic and environmental changes in a community impact the latter. If economic and environmental modifications in a community affect access to food, food security, and nutritional status, then this connection between culture and biology is also linked to larger historical and economic trends associated with globalization. Nutritional status influences global health status, potential work performance, and economic development (in terms of human development or traditional Western models) for any given group of people.', 0.9900159, 1)
('Active solar techniques use photovoltaics, concentrated solar power, solar thermal collectors, pumps, and fans to convert sunlight into useful outputs. Passive solar techniques include selecting materials with favorable thermal properties, designing spaces that naturally circulate air, and referencing the position of a building to the Sun. Active solar technologies increase the supply of energy and are considered supply side technologies, while passive solar technologies reduce the need for alternate resources and are generally considered demand side technologies.', " Active solar techniques use photovoltaics, solar power concentration, solar thermal collectors, pumps, and fans to convert sunlight into useful outputs. Passive solar techniques involve selecting materials with favorable thermal properties, designing spaces that naturally circulate air, and aligning a building's position with the Sun. Active solar technologies increase energy supply and are considered supplying technologies, while passive solar technologies reduce the need for alternative resources and are generally considered demand technologies.", 0.99014115, 1)
("New York City is located on one of the world's largest natural harbors, and the boroughs of Manhattan and Staten Island are (primarily) coterminous with islands of the same names, while Queens and Brooklyn are located at the west end of the larger Long Island, and The Bronx is located at the southern tip of New York State's mainland. This situation of boroughs separated by water led to the development of an extensive infrastructure of bridges and tunnels. Nearly all of the city's major bridges and tunnels are notable, and several have broken or set records.", ' New York City is located on one of the largest natural bays in the world, and the boroughs of Manhattan and Staten Island (primarily) are coterminous with islands of the same name, while Queens and Brooklyn are situated to the west of the largest Long Island, and The Bronx is situated to the south-east of the mainland of New York State. This positioning of the boroughs separated by water led to the development of an extensive infrastructure of bridges and tunnels. Almost all the major bridges and tunnels of the city are notable, and several have broken or set records.', 0.99020684, 1)
('Of the third Dalai Lama, China Daily states that the "Ming dynasty showed him special favor by allowing him to pay tribute." China Daily then says that Sonam Gyatso was granted the title Dorjichang or Vajradhara Dalai Lama in 1587 [sic!], but China Daily does not mention who granted him the title. Without mentioning the role of the Mongols, China Daily states that it was the successive Qing dynasty which established the title of Dalai Lama and his power in Tibet: "In 1653, the Qing emperor granted an honorific title to the fifth Dalai Lama and then did the same for the fifth Panchen Lama in 1713, officially establishing the titles of the Dalai Lama and the Panchen Erdeni, and their political and religious status in Tibet."', ' For the third Dalai Lama, China Daily states that "the Ming Dynasty granted him special favors by allowing him to pay tribute." China Daily then specifies that Sonam Gyatso was bestowed the title of Dorjichang or Dalai Lama Vajradhara in 1587 [sic!], but China Daily does not mention who granted him this title. The Qing Dynasty is then mentioned as having established the title and power of the Dalai Lama and Panchen Lama in Tibet: "In 1653, the Qing Emperor granted an honorific title to the fifth Dalai Lama and to the fifth Panchen Lama in 1713, officially establishing their titles and political and religious status in Tibet." Note that the information provided by China Daily about the origin of the Dalai Lama\'s title is incomplete and contains inaccuracies. The Mongols played an important role in the establishment of the Dalai Lama\'s title and power in Tibet before the Qing Dynasty officially confirmed it.', 0.9902492, 0)
('Organized crime has long been associated with New York City, beginning with the Forty Thieves and the Roach Guards in the Five Points in the 1820s. The 20th century saw a rise in the Mafia, dominated by the Five Families, as well as in gangs, including the Black Spades. The Mafia presence has declined in the city in the 21st century.', ' Organized crime has long been associated with New York, starting with the Forty Thieves and the Five Points Gang in the 1820s. The 20th century saw a rise of power in the Mafia, dominated by the Five Families, as well as in gangs including the Black Spades. The Mafia presence in the city declined in the 21st century.', 0.99025303, 1)
("New York City traces its roots to its 1624 founding as a trading post by colonists of the Dutch Republic and was named New Amsterdam in 1626. The city and its surroundings came under English control in 1664. New York served as the capital of the United States from 1785 until 1790. It has been the country's largest city since 1790. The Statue of Liberty greeted millions of immigrants as they came to the Americas by ship in the late 19th and early 20th centuries and is a globally recognized symbol of the United States and its democracy.", ' New York City traces its origins to its founding in 1624 as a Dutch trading post, and was renamed New Amsterdam in 1626. The city and its surroundings came under English control in 1664. New York served as the capital of the United States from 1785 to 1790. Since 1790, it has been the largest city in the country. The Statue of Liberty welcomed millions of immigrants who arrived in America by boat in the 19th and early 20th centuries and is a globally recognized symbol of the United States and their democracy.', 0.9902909, 1)
("The city's National Basketball Association teams are the Brooklyn Nets and the New York Knicks, while the New York Liberty is the city's Women's National Basketball Association. The first national college-level basketball championship, the National Invitation Tournament, was held in New York in 1938 and remains in the city. The city is well known for its links to basketball, which is played in nearly every park in the city by local youth, many of whom have gone on to play for major college programs and in the NBA.", " The basketball national teams of the city are the Brooklyn Nets and the New York Knicks, while the New York Liberty is the national women's basketball team. The first national college basketball tournament, the National Invitation Tournament, was held in New York in 1938 and still is. The city is well known for its links with basketball, which is practiced almost everywhere in the city by local youth, many of whom have pursued careers in major collegiate programs and in the NBA.", 0.9903353, 1)
("Chopin's qualities as a pianist and composer were recognized by many of his fellow musicians. Schumann named a piece for him in his suite Carnaval, and Chopin later dedicated his Ballade No. 2 in F major to Schumann. Elements of Chopin's music can be traced in many of Liszt's later works. Liszt later transcribed for piano six of Chopin's Polish songs. A less fraught friendship was with Alkan, with whom he discussed elements of folk music, and who was deeply affected by Chopin's death.", " Chopin's qualities as a pianist and composer were recognized by many of his contemporary musicians. Schumann dedicated a piece to him in his Carnaval collection, and later Chopin dedicated his Fa major Ballade No. 2 to Schumann. Elements of Chopin's music can be traced in many of Liszt's later works. Liszt transcribed six Polish songs of Chopin for piano later on. A less charged friendship was with Alkan, with whom he discussed elements of folk music, and who was deeply affected by Chopin's death.", 0.9903819, 1)
("Chopin's tombstone, featuring the muse of music, Euterpe, weeping over a broken lyre, was designed and sculpted by Clésinger. The expenses of the funeral and monument, amounting to 5,000 francs, were covered by Jane Stirling, who also paid for the return of the composer's sister Ludwika to Warsaw. Ludwika took Chopin's heart in an urn, preserved in alcohol, back to Poland in 1850.[n 9] She also took a collection of two hundred letters from Sand to Chopin; after 1851 these were returned to Sand, who seems to have destroyed them.", "The tombstone of Chopin, decorated with the Muse of music, Euterpe, weeping over a broken lyre, was designed and sculpted by Clésinger. The expenses of the funeral and monument, totaling 5,000 francs, were covered by Jane Stirling. She also paid for Chopin's sister Ludwika's return to Warsaw. Ludwika took Chopin's heart in an urn, preserved in alcohol, back to Poland in 1850. She also took a collection of two hundred letters from Sand to Chopin. After 1851, these were returned to Sand, who seems to have destroyed them.", 0.9903962, 1)
('Montana is home to a diverse array of fauna that includes 14 amphibian, 90 fish, 117 mammal, 20 reptile and 427 bird species. Additionally, there are over 10,000 invertebrate species, including 180 mollusks and 30 crustaceans. Montana has the largest grizzly bear population in the lower 48 states. Montana hosts five federally endangered species–black-footed ferret, whooping crane, least tern, pallid sturgeon and white sturgeon and seven threatened species including the grizzly bear, Canadian lynx and bull trout. The Montana Department of Fish, Wildlife and Parks manages fishing and hunting seasons for at least 17 species of game fish including seven species of trout, walleye and smallmouth bass and at least 29 species of game birds and animals including ring-neck pheasant, grey partridge, elk, pronghorn antelope, mule deer, whitetail deer, gray wolf and bighorn sheep.', " Montana hosts a diverse fauna consisting of 14 amphibian species, 90 fish species, 117 mammal species, 20 reptile species, and 427 bird species. In addition, there are over 10,000 invertebrate species, including 180 mollusks and 30 crustaceans. Montana is home to the largest population of grizzly bears in the lower 48 states. Montana welcomes five federally endangered species – black-footed ferret, sandhill crane, Forster's tern, pallid sturgeon, and white sturgeon – and seven threatened species, including grizzly bears, Canadian lynx, and rainbow trout. The Montana Department of Fish, Wildlife and Parks manages fishing and hunting seasons for at least 17 large game fish species, including seven trout species, walleye, and smallmouth bass, and at least 29 large game bird and animal species, including collared larks, gray partridges, elk, pronghorn antelope, mule deer, red deer, gray wolves, and bighorn sheep.", 0.9904077, 1)
("Montana has been a destination for its world-class trout fisheries since the 1930s. Fly fishing for several species of native and introduced trout in rivers and lakes is popular for both residents and tourists throughout the state. Montana is the home of the Federation of Fly Fishers and hosts many of the organizations annual conclaves. The state has robust recreational lake trout and kokanee salmon fisheries in the west, walleye can be found in many parts of the state, while northern pike, smallmouth and largemouth bass fisheries as well as catfish and paddlefish can be found in the waters of eastern Montana. Robert Redford's 1992 film of Norman Mclean's novel, A River Runs Through It, was filmed in Montana and brought national attention to fly fishing and the state.", ' Montana has been a destination for its world-class trout since the 1930s. Fly fishing for native and introduced trout species in rivers and lakes is popular among residents and tourists throughout the state. Montana is the home of the Fly Fishing Federation and hosts many annual meetings of the organization. The state offers abundant recreational trout and kokanee salmon fishing in the west, and walleye pike can be found throughout the state. Northern pike, crappie, largemouth bass, catfish, and paddlefish can be found in the eastern waters of Montana. The 1992 Robert Redford film based on Norman Maclean\'s novel "A River Runs Through It" was filmed in Montana and brought national attention to fly fishing and the state.', 0.99041146, 1)
('The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States. In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university\'s patron saint, the Virgin Mary. The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica.', ' The University of Notre-Dame-du-Lake (or simply Notre-Dame /noʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-ter-DAYM) is a research Catholic university located next to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States. In French, Notre-Dame-du-Lake means "Notre-Dame-of-the-Lake" and refers to the university\'s patron saint, the Virgin Mary. The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban environment and includes several familiar landmarks, such as the golden dome, the Wall of the Word of Life (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica.', 0.99041194, 1)
('On May 29, 2008, government officials began inspecting the ruins of thousands of schools that collapsed, searching for clues about why they crumbled. Thousands of parents around the province have accused local officials and builders of cutting corners in school construction, citing that after the quake other nearby buildings were little damaged. In the aftermath of the quake, many local governments promised to formally investigate the school collapses, but as of July 17, 2008 across Sichuan, parents of children lost in collapsed schools complained they had yet to receive any reports. Local officials urged them not to protest but the parents demonstrated and demanded an investigation. Furthermore, censors discouraged stories of poorly built schools from being published in the media and there was an incident where police drove the protestors away.', ' On May 29, 2008, officials began inspecting the ruins of thousands of collapsed buildings in search of clues about their collapse. Thousands of parents in the province accused local officials and builders of cutting corners in school construction, citing that neighboring buildings had only suffered minor damage after the earthquake. In fact, many local governments had promised to conduct formal investigations into the collapses, but by July 17, 2008, in Sichuan, parents of children lost in collapsed schools were still complaining of having learned nothing. Local officials urged them not to express their dissatisfaction, but the parents protested and demanded an investigation. In addition, censors prevented stories about poorly constructed schools from appearing in the media, and there was an incident where the police dispersed protesters.', 0.9904345, 1)
('Portugal has arguably the most liberal laws concerning possession of illicit drugs in the Western world. In 2001, Portugal decriminalized possession of effectively all drugs that are still illegal in other developed nations including, but not limited to, cannabis, cocaine, heroin, and LSD. While possession is legal, trafficking and possession of more than "10 days worth of personal use" are still punishable by jail time and fines. People caught with small amounts of any drug are given the choice to go to a rehab facility, and may refuse treatment without consequences. Despite criticism from other European nations, who stated Portugal\'s drug consumption would tremendously increase, overall drug use has declined along with the number of HIV infection cases, which had dropped 50 percent by 2009. Drug use among 16- to 18-year-olds also declined, however the use of marijuana rose only slightly among that age group.', ' Portugal is certainly the country with the most liberal laws regarding the possession of illicit drugs in the western world. In 2001, Portugal decriminalized the possession of all effectively illegal drugs in other developed nations, including, but not limited to, cannabis, cocaine, heroin, and LSD. Although possession is legal, trafficking and possession of more than "10 days worth" for personal use are punishable by prison sentences and fines. People found with small quantities of any drug can choose to go to a rehabilitation center, and can refuse treatment without consequences. Despite criticism from European nations, who had predicted that drug use in Portugal would significantly increase, overall drug use and the number of HIV infection cases have decreased, the latter having dropped by 50% in 2009. Drug use among adolescents aged 16 to 18 has also decreased, but cannabis use in this age group has only slightly increased.', 0.99043983, 1)
("Russian Imperialism led to the Russian Empire's conquest of Central Asia during the late 19th century's Imperial Era. Between 1864 and 1885 Russia gradually took control of the entire territory of Russian Turkestan, the Tajikistan portion of which had been controlled by the Emirate of Bukhara and Khanate of Kokand. Russia was interested in gaining access to a supply of cotton and in the 1870s attempted to switch cultivation in the region from grain to cotton (a strategy later copied and expanded by the Soviets).[citation needed] By 1885 Tajikistan's territory was either ruled by the Russian Empire or its vassal state, the Emirate of Bukhara, nevertheless Tajiks felt little Russian influence.[citation needed]", "Russian imperialism resulted in the Russian Empire's conquest of Central Asia during the late 19th century. Between 1864 and 1885, Russia gradually took control of the entire territory of Russian Turkestan, with the Tajikistan portion having been under the control of the Emirate of Bukhara and Khanate of Kokand prior. Russia sought access to a cotton supply and, in the 1870s, attempted to shift cultivation in the region from grain to cotton (a strategy later adopted and expanded by the Soviets). By 1885, Tajikistan's territory was either ruled by the Russian Empire or its vassal state, the Emirate of Bukhara. However, Tajiks felt minimal Russian influence.", 0.99045455, 1)
("In four months, Aonuma's team managed to present realistic horseback riding,[l] which Nintendo later revealed to the public with a trailer at Electronic Entertainment Expo 2004. The game was scheduled to be released the next year, and was no longer a follow-up to The Wind Waker; a true sequel to it was released for the Nintendo DS in 2007, in the form of Phantom Hourglass. Miyamoto explained in interviews that the graphical style was chosen to satisfy demand, and that it better fit the theme of an older incarnation of Link. The game runs on a modified The Wind Waker engine.", " In four months, the Aonuma team managed to present a realistic horse riding experience, which Nintendo later revealed to the public through a trailer at the Electronic Entertainment Expo 2004. The game was planned to be released the following year, and was no longer a direct sequel to The Wind Waker; a true sequel to it was published on Nintendo DS in 2007, under the name Phantom Hourglass. Miyamoto explained in interviews that the graphic style was chosen to meet the demand, and it was more suitable for the theme of an older Link incarnation. The game runs on a modified version of The Wind Waker's engine.", 0.99045676, 1)
('In 2005, Beyoncé teamed up with House of Brands, a shoe company, to produce a range of footwear for House of Deréon. In January 2008, Starwave Mobile launched Beyoncé Fashion Diva, a "high-style" mobile game with a social networking component, featuring the House of Deréon collection. In July 2009, Beyoncé and her mother launched a new junior apparel label, Sasha Fierce for Deréon, for back-to-school selling. The collection included sportswear, outerwear, handbags, footwear, eyewear, lingerie and jewelry. It was available at department stores including Macy\'s and Dillard\'s, and specialty stores Jimmy Jazz and Against All Odds. On May 27, 2010, Beyoncé teamed up with clothing store C&A to launch Deréon by Beyoncé at their stores in Brazil. The collection included tailored blazers with padded shoulders, little black dresses, embroidered tops and shirts and bandage dresses.', ' In 2005, Beyoncé worked with House of Brands, a shoe company, to produce a House of Deréon shoe line for them. In January 2008, Starwave Mobile launched Beyoncé Fashion Diva, a fashion game app with social networking component, featuring the House of Deréon collection. In July 2009, Beyoncé and her mother launched a junior clothing line, Sasha Fierce for Deréon, for back to school. The collection included sportswear, casual wear, handbags, shoes, sunglasses, and jewelry. It was available in major retailers like Macys and Dillards, as well as specialized stores Jimmy Jazz and Against All Odds. On May 27, 2010, Beyoncé collaborated with clothing retailer C&A to launch Deréon by Beyoncé in their Brazilian stores. The collection included blazers with puffed sleeves, black dresses, high-end embroidered tops, and banded shirts and blouses.', 0.9904573, 1)
('Filming started in Austria in December 2014, with production taking in the area around Sölden—including the Ötztal Glacier Road, Rettenbach glacier and the adjacent ski resort and cable car station—and Obertilliach and Lake Altaussee, before concluding in February 2015. Scenes filmed in Austria centred on the Ice Q Restaurant, standing in for the fictional Hoffler Klinik, a private medical clinic in the Austrian Alps. Filming included an action scene featuring a Land Rover Defender Bigfoot and a Range Rover Sport. Production was temporarily halted first by an injury to Craig, who sprained his knee whilst shooting a fight scene, and later by an accident involving a filming vehicle that saw three crew members injured, at least one of them seriously.', " The shooting began in Austria in December 2014, with filming in the area around Sölden—including the Dötztal Glacier Road, Rettenbach Glacier, and the adjacent ski resort and cable car—and Obertilliach and Lake Altaussee. Filming in Austria focused on the Ice Q restaurant, which stood in for the fictional Hoffler Clinic, a private clinic in the Austrian Alps. The shooting included an action scene featuring a Land Rover Defender Bigfoot and a Range Rover Sport. The shooting was temporarily halted first by Craig's injury, who was injured in a fight scene, and later by an accident involving a production vehicle that injured at least three crew members, one of them seriously.", 0.9904639, 1)
('Approximately 66,000 people of Native American heritage live in Montana. Stemming from multiple treaties and federal legislation, including the Indian Appropriations Act (1851), the Dawes Act (1887), and the Indian Reorganization Act (1934), seven Indian reservations, encompassing eleven tribal nations, were created in Montana. A twelfth nation, the Little Shell Chippewa is a "landless" people headquartered in Great Falls, recognized by the state of Montana but not by the U.S. Government. The Blackfeet nation is headquartered on the Blackfeet Indian Reservation (1851) in Browning, Crow on the Crow Indian Reservation (1851) in Crow Agency, Confederated Salish and Kootenai and Pend d\'Oreille on the Flathead Indian Reservation (1855) in Pablo, Northern Cheyenne on the Northern Cheyenne Indian Reservation (1884) at Lame Deer, Assiniboine and Gros Ventre on the Fort Belknap Indian Reservation (1888) in Fort Belknap Agency, Assiniboine and Sioux on the Fort Peck Indian Reservation (1888) at Poplar, and Chippewa-Cree on the Rocky Boy\'s Indian Reservation (1916) near Box Elder. Approximately 63% of all Native people live off the reservations, concentrated in the larger Montana cities with the largest concentration of urban Indians in Great Falls. The state also has a small Métis population, and 1990 census data indicated that people from as many as 275 different tribes lived in Montana.', ' Approximately 66,000 Native American people live in Montana. Seven Native American reservations, covering eleven tribal nations, have been established in Montana through various treaties and federal legislation, including the Indian Appropriations Act (1851), the Dawes Act (1887), and the Indian Reorganization Act (1934). A twelfth nation, the Chippewa Petites-Roche, is a "landless" population based in Great Falls, recognized by the Montana state but not by the U.S. federal government. The Blackfeet Nation is located on the Blackfeet Indian Reservation (1851) in Browning, the Crow Nation on the Crow Indian Reservation (1851) in Crow Agency, the Salish-Kootenai and Pend d\'Oreille on the Flathead Indian Reservation (1855) in Pablo, the Northern Cheyenne on the Northern Cheyenne Indian Reservation (1884) in Lame Deer, the Assiniboine and Gros Ventre on the Fort Belknap Indian Reservation (1888) in Fort Belknap Agency, the Assiniboine and Sioux on the Fort Peck Indian Reservation (1888) in Poplar, and the Chippewa-Cree on the Rocky Boys Indian Reservation (1916) near Box Elder. Approximately 63% of all Native Americans live off the reservations, concentrated in Montana\'s larger cities, with the greatest urban Native American population in Great Falls. The state also has a small Métis population, and the 1990 census indicated that people from over 275 different tribes lived in Montana.', 0.990483, 1)
('In 1974, the unmanned AstroFlight Sunrise plane made the first solar flight. On 29 April 1979, the Solar Riser made the first flight in a solar-powered, fully controlled, man carrying flying machine, reaching an altitude of 40 feet (12 m). In 1980, the Gossamer Penguin made the first piloted flights powered solely by photovoltaics. This was quickly followed by the Solar Challenger which crossed the English Channel in July 1981. In 1990 Eric Scott Raymond in 21 hops flew from California to North Carolina using solar power. Developments then turned back to unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) with the Pathfinder (1997) and subsequent designs, culminating in the Helios which set the altitude record for a non-rocket-propelled aircraft at 29,524 metres (96,864 ft) in 2001. The Zephyr, developed by BAE Systems, is the latest in a line of record-breaking solar aircraft, making a 54-hour flight in 2007, and month-long flights were envisioned by 2010. As of 2015, Solar Impulse, an electric aircraft, is currently circumnavigating the globe. It is a single-seat plane powered by solar cells and capable of taking off under its own power. The designed allows the aircraft to remain airborne for 36 hours.', ' In 1974, the AstroFlight Sunrise, an unmanned solar plane, made the first solar flight. On April 29, 1979, the Solar Riser made the first manned flight of a plane powered exclusively by solar panels, reaching an altitude of 40 feet (12 m). In 1980, the Gossamer Penguin made the first manned solar-powered flights. This was followed by the Solar Challenger, which crossed the English Channel in July 1981. In 1990, Eric Raymond made 21 flights from California to North Carolina using solar power. Then, development turned to solar-powered unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), starting with the Pathfinder (1997) and subsequent models, leading to the Helios which set the altitude record for an unpowered plane at 29,524 meters (96,864 feet) in 2001. The Zephyr, developed by BAE Systems, is the latest in a long line of solar-powered planes breaking records, flying for 54 hours in 2007, and flights of a month were planned for 2010. According to 2015, Solar Impulse, an electric plane, is currently making a world tour. It is a single-seater plane powered by solar panels and capable of taking off under its own power. The concept allows the plane to stay in flight for 36 hours.', 0.9905158, 1)
('Because the universal acceptance of international laws which in 1948 defined and forbade genocide with the promulgation of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide (CPPCG), those criminals who were prosecuted after the war in international courts for taking part in the Holocaust were found guilty of crimes against humanity and other more specific crimes like murder. Nevertheless, the Holocaust is universally recognized to have been a genocide and the term, that had been coined the year before by Raphael Lemkin, appeared in the indictment of the 24 Nazi leaders, Count 3, which stated that all the defendants had "conducted deliberate and systematic genocide—namely, the extermination of racial and national groups..."', ' According to the universal reason for the acceptance of international laws that defined and prohibited genocide in 1948 with the promulgation of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide (CPPCG), criminals prosecuted in international courts after the war for participating in the Holocaust were recognized as guilty of crimes against humanity and other specific offenses such as murder. However, the Holocaust is universally recognized as a genocide, and the term, which had been coined the previous year by Raphael Lemkin, appeared in the indictment of the 24 Nazi leaders, Count 3, which stated that all the accused had "conducted a deliberate and systematic genocide—that is, the extermination of racial and national groups..."', 0.99052286, 1)
('The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC"). While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic. Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community. There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher. Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix. There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more. The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge. Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus.', ' The university is affiliated with the Congregation of the Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviations postnominal: "CSC"). Religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, but over 93% of students identify as Christians, with over 80% of this total being Catholics. Together, the Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times a week on campus, and a vast program of university ministry addresses the spiritual needs of the community. There are thousands of religious statues and works on campus, the most visible being the statue of the Virgin on the main building, the Notre-Dame grotto, and the wall of life\'s words on the Hesburgh Library representing Christ as master. In addition, each classroom contains a crucifix. There are numerous religious clubs (Catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including the #1477 Notre Dame Knights of Columbus (KOC), the Student Bible Ministry (BCM), the Jewish Club, the Muslim Students Association, the Orthodox Christian Fraternity, and the Mormon Club, among others. The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first university council of KofC, operating a charity shop during each home football game and having their own building on campus that can be used as a cigar lounge. Seventy-seven chapels are distributed on campus.', 0.99056864, 1)
('The funeral, held at the Church of the Madeleine in Paris, was delayed almost two weeks, until 30 October. Entrance was restricted to ticket holders as many people were expected to attend. Over 3,000 people arrived without invitations, from as far as London, Berlin and Vienna, and were excluded.', ' The funeral, celebrated at the Madeleine Church in Paris, was delayed nearly two weeks, until October 30. The entrance was reserved for ticket holders, as many people were expected. Over 3,000 people arrived without invitations, coming even from London, Berlin and Vienna, and were excluded.', 0.99057823, 1)
("Strong aftershocks continued to strike even months after the main quake. On May 25, an aftershock of 6.0 Mw (6.4 Ms according to CEA) hit northeast of the original earthquake's epicenter, in Qingchuan County, Sichuan, causing eight deaths, 1000 injuries, and destroying thousands of buildings. On May 27, two aftershocks, one 5.2 Mw in Qingchuan County and one 5.7 Mw in Ningqiang County, Shaanxi, led to the collapse of more than 420,000 homes and injured 63 people. The same area suffered two more aftershocks of 5.6 and 6.0 Ms (5.8 and 5.5 Mw, respectively, according to USGS) on July 23, resulting in 1 death, 6 serious injuries, collapse of hundreds of homes and damaging kilometers of highways. Pingwu County and Beichuan County, Sichuan, also northeast of Wenchuan and close to the epicenter of a 7.2 Ms earthquake in 1976, suffered a 6.1 Ms aftershock (5.7 Mw according to USGS) on August 1; it caused 2 deaths, 345 injuries, collapse of 707 homes, damages to over 1,000 homes, and blocked 25 kilometres (16 mi) of country roads. As late as August 5, yet another aftershock of 6.1 Ms (6.2 Mw according to USGS) hit Qingchuan, Sichuan, causing 1 death, 32 injuries, telecommunication interruptions, and widespread hill slides blocking roads in the area including a national highway.", ' The aftershocks continued to strike for several months after the main earthquake. On May 25, a secondary earthquake of 6.0 Mw (6.4 Ms according to CEA) occurred to the north-east of the initial epicenter, in Qingchuan, Sichuan, resulting in the death of eight people, 1,000 injuries, and the destruction of thousands of buildings. On May 27, two secondary earthquakes, one of 5.2 Mw in Qingchuan and the other of 5.7 Mw in Ningqiang, Shaanxi, caused over 420,000 houses to collapse and injured 63 people. The same region was hit by two other secondary earthquakes of 5.6 and 6.0 Ms (5.8 and 5.5 Mw respectively, according to USGS) on July 23, resulting in one death, six serious injuries, the collapse of hundreds of houses, and damages to kilometers of national highways. The county of Pingwu and Beichuan, Sichuan, located to the north-east of Wenchuan and close to the epicenter of a 7.2 Ms earthquake in 1976, experienced a secondary earthquake of 6.1 Ms (5.7 Mw according to USGS) on August 1; it caused two deaths, 345 injuries, the collapse of 707 houses, damages to over 1,000 houses, and blocked 25 kilometers (16 mi) of rural roads. Up to August 5, another secondary earthquake of 6.1 Ms (6.2 Mw according to USGS) struck Qingchuan, Sichuan, resulting in one death, 32 injuries, and telecommunication disruptions, as well as landslides blocking roads in the region, including a national highway.', 0.99058294, 1)
("The first U.S. Army post established in Montana was Camp Cooke on the Missouri River in 1866 to protect steamboat traffic going to Fort Benton, Montana. More than a dozen additional military outposts were established in the state. Pressure over land ownership and control increased due to discoveries of gold in various parts of Montana and surrounding states. Major battles occurred in Montana during Red Cloud's War, the Great Sioux War of 1876, the Nez Perce War and in conflicts with Piegan Blackfeet. The most notable of these were the Marias Massacre (1870), Battle of the Little Bighorn (1876), Battle of the Big Hole (1877) and Battle of Bear Paw (1877). The last recorded conflict in Montana between the U.S. Army and Native Americans occurred in 1887 during the Battle of Crow Agency in the Big Horn country. Indian survivors who had signed treaties were generally required to move onto reservations.", " The first military camp of the American army established in Montana was Camp Cooke along the Missouri River in 1866, to protect the steamship traffic towards Fort Benton, Montana. More than a dozen additional military camps were established in the state. The pressure on property and land control increased due to gold discoveries in various parts of Montana and neighboring states. Important battles took place in Montana during the Red Cloud's War, the Great Sioux War of 1876, the Nez Perce War, and conflicts with the Blackfeet Piegans. The most notable of these conflicts were the Marias Massacre (1870), the Battle of Little Bighorn (1876), the Battle of the Big Hole (1877), and the Battle of Bear Paw (1877). The last recorded battle between the American army and Native Americans in Montana occurred in 1887 during the Battle of Crow Agency in the Big Horn region. The surviving Native Americans who had signed treaties were generally forced to go to reservations.", 0.9906097, 1)
("The Earth receives 174,000 terawatts (TW) of incoming solar radiation (insolation) at the upper atmosphere. Approximately 30% is reflected back to space while the rest is absorbed by clouds, oceans and land masses. The spectrum of solar light at the Earth's surface is mostly spread across the visible and near-infrared ranges with a small part in the near-ultraviolet. Most people around the world live in areas with insolation levels of 150 to 300 watts per square meter or 3.5 to 7.0 kWh/m2 per day.", " The Earth receives 174,000 terawatts (TW) of solar radiation (insolation) at the Earth's atmosphere. About 30% of it is reflected into space, with the rest being absorbed by clouds, oceans, and land masses. The solar light spectrum at the Earth's surface is primarily spread in the visible and near infrared ranges with a small portion in the near ultraviolet. Most people in the world live in regions with insolation levels ranging from 150 to 300 watts per square meter or 3.5 to 7.0 kWh/m2 per day.", 0.99069494, 1)
('In September 2015 it was announced that Sam Smith and regular collaborator Jimmy Napes had written the film\'s title theme, "Writing\'s on the Wall", with Smith performing it for the film. Smith said the song came together in one session and that he and Napes wrote it in under half an hour before recording a demo. Satisfied with the quality, the demo was used in the final release.', ' In September 2015, it was announced that Sam Smith and his regular collaborator Jimmy Napes had written the film theme song, titled "Writings on the Wall," with Smith performing the song for the film. Smith stated that they wrote the song in one session and had penned it in less than half an hour before recording a demo. Satisfied with the quality, the demo was used in the final version.', 0.99073374, 1)
("In April 2013, the Infectious Disease Society of America (IDSA) reported that the weak antibiotic pipeline does not match bacteria's increasing ability to develop resistance. Since 2009, only 2 new antibiotics were approved in the United States. The number of new antibiotics approved for marketing per year declines continuously. The report identified seven antibiotics against the Gram-negative bacilli (GNB) currently in phase 2 or phase 3 clinical trials. However, these drugs do not address the entire spectrum of resistance of GNB. Some of these antibiotics are combination of existent treatments:", 'Since April 2013, the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) has reported that the weak antibiotic pipeline cannot keep up with bacterias growing ability to develop resistance. Since 2009, only two new antibiotics have been approved in the United States. The number of new antibiotics approved for marketing each year has continued to decline. The IDSA report identified seven antibiotics against Gram-negative bacilli (GNB) that are in phase 2 or phase 3 clinical trials. However, these drugs do not cover the entire spectrum of GNB resistance. Some of these antibiotics are combinations of existing treatments:.', 0.9907521, 1)
('From September 1823 to 1826 Chopin attended the Warsaw Lyceum, where he received organ lessons from the Czech musician Wilhelm Würfel during his first year. In the autumn of 1826 he began a three-year course under the Silesian composer Józef Elsner at the Warsaw Conservatory, studying music theory, figured bass and composition.[n 3] Throughout this period he continued to compose and to give recitals in concerts and salons in Warsaw. He was engaged by the inventors of a mechanical organ, the "eolomelodicon", and on this instrument in May 1825 he performed his own improvisation and part of a concerto by Moscheles. The success of this concert led to an invitation to give a similar recital on the instrument before Tsar Alexander I, who was visiting Warsaw; the Tsar presented him with a diamond ring. At a subsequent eolomelodicon concert on 10 June 1825, Chopin performed his Rondo Op. 1. This was the first of his works to be commercially published and earned him his first mention in the foreign press, when the Leipzig Allgemeine Musikalische Zeitung praised his "wealth of musical ideas".', ' From September 1823 to 1826, Chopin attended the courses at the Lyceum of Warsaw, where he received lessons from the Bohemian musician Wilhelm Würfel during his first year. In the autumn of 1826, he began a three-year training under the direction of the Silesian composer Józef Elsner at the Conservatory of Warsaw, studying musical theory, bass clef, and composition. During this period, he continued to compose and give recitals at concerts and salons in Warsaw. He was engaged by the inventors of a mechanical organ, the eolomelodicon, and played on this instrument in May 1825 one of his improvisations and a part of a Moscheles concerto. The success of this concert earned him an invitation to give a similar recital on the instrument before Tsar Alexander I, who was in Warsaw; the Tsar gave him a diamond ring. At another eolomelodicon concert on June 10, 1825, Chopin played his Rondo Op. 1. It was the first of his works to be published commercially and earned him his first mention in foreign press, when the Leipzig Allgemeine Musikalische Zeitung wrote about him for his "rich musical gifts".', 0.99079376, 1)
('In 2006, the animal rights organization People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), criticized Beyoncé for wearing and using fur in her clothing line House of Deréon. In 2011, she appeared on the cover of French fashion magazine L\'Officiel, in blackface and tribal makeup that drew criticism from the media. A statement released from a spokesperson for the magazine said that Beyoncé\'s look was "far from the glamorous Sasha Fierce" and that it was "a return to her African roots".', ' In 2006, the animal rights organization People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) criticized Beyoncé for wearing and using fur in her House of Deréon clothing line. In 2011, she appeared on the cover of the French fashion magazine LOfficiel, with blackface makeup and tribal markings that drew criticism from the press. A spokesperson for the magazine stated that Beyoncé\'s look was "far from the glamour of Sasha Fierce" and represented "a return to her African roots".Translation: In 2006, PETA criticized Beyoncé for wearing and using fur in her House of Deréon clothing line. In 2011, she appeared on the cover of French fashion magazine LOfficiel, wearing blackface makeup and tribal markings that drew criticism from the press. The magazine\'s spokesperson stated that Beyoncé\'s look was "not Sasha Fierce\'s glamour" and was "a return to her African roots".Note: It\'s important to clarify that blackface makeup is considered offensive and racist in modern times. It\'s not a "return to one\'s roots" but rather a harmful and disrespectful representation of black people.', 0.9908029, 1)
('In 2006, Lee was awarded an honorary doctorate from the University of Notre Dame. During the ceremony, the students and audience gave Lee a standing ovation, and the entire graduating class held up copies of To Kill a Mockingbird to honor her.[note 5] Lee was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom on November 5, 2007 by President George W. Bush. In his remarks, Bush stated, "One reason To Kill a Mockingbird succeeded is the wise and kind heart of the author, which comes through on every page ... To Kill a Mockingbird has influenced the character of our country for the better. It\'s been a gift to the entire world. As a model of good writing and humane sensibility, this book will be read and studied forever."', 'In 2006, Lee received an honorary doctorate from the University of Notre Dame. During the ceremony, the students and the public gave Lee a standing ovation, and the entire graduating class held copies of To Kill a Mockingbird to honor her. [note 5] Lee received the Presidential Medal of Freedom on November 5, 2007, from President George W. Bush. In his remarks, Bush stated: "The success of To Kill a Mockingbird is due in part to the author\'s brilliant and compassionate human heart, which shines through every page ... To Kill a Mockingbird has influenced the character of our country for the better. It was a gift to the world. As a model of good writing and human sensitivity, this book will be read and studied forever."].Note: The note 5 is not a part of the text to be translated.', 0.99082386, 1)
('Details of school casualties had been under non-governmental investigation since December 2008 by volunteers including artist and architect Ai Weiwei, who had been constantly posting updates on his blog since March 2009. The official tally of students killed in the earthquake was not released until May 7, 2009, almost a year after the earthquake. According to the state-run Xinhua news agency, the earthquake killed 5,335 students and left another 546 children disabled. In the aftermath of the earthquake, the Chinese government declared that parents who had lost their only children would get free treatment from fertility clinics to reverse vasectomies and tubal ligations conducted by family planning authorities.', 'The details of the school casualties had been under investigation by non-governmental volunteers since December 2008, among whom was artist and architect Ai Weiwei. He had been providing updates on his blog since March 2009. The official number of students killed in the earthquake was not released until May 7, 2009, nearly a year after the disaster. According to the state-run Xinhua news agency, the earthquake resulted in the death of 5,335 students and left another 546 children disabled. In the aftermath of the earthquake, the Chinese government announced that parents who had lost their only children would receive free fertility clinic treatments to reverse vasectomies and tubal ligations carried out by family planning authorities.', 0.99085915, 1)
("Dreyfus writes that after the Phagmodrupa lost its centralizing power over Tibet in 1434, several attempts by other families to establish hegemonies failed over the next two centuries until 1642 with the 5th Dalai Lama's effective hegemony over Tibet.", ' Dreyfus writes that after the Phagmodrupa lost its centralizing power over Tibet in 1434, several unsuccessful attempts by families to establish hegemonies took place during the following two centuries until 1642 when the 5th Dalai Lama effectively governed Tibet.', 0.99087894, 1)
('The city government was a petitioner in the landmark Massachusetts v. Environmental Protection Agency Supreme Court case forcing the EPA to regulate greenhouse gases as pollutants. The city is also a leader in the construction of energy-efficient green office buildings, including the Hearst Tower among others. Mayor Bill de Blasio has committed to an 80% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions between 2014 and 2050 to reduce the city\'s contributions to climate change, beginning with a comprehensive "Green Buildings" plan.', ' The municipal government was a party in the famous Massachusetts judgment against the Environmental Protection Agency of the Supreme Court, compelling the EPA to regulate greenhouse gases as pollutants. The city is also pioneering in the construction of energy-efficient administrative buildings, such as the Hearst Tower among others. Mayor Bill de Blasio has committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 80% between 2014 and 2050 to reduce the city\'s contributions to climate change, starting with a comprehensive plan called "Green Buildings".', 0.9908935, 1)
("New York City's most important economic sector lies in its role as the headquarters for the U.S.financial industry, metonymously known as Wall Street. The city's securities industry, enumerating 163,400 jobs in August 2013, continues to form the largest segment of the city's financial sector and an important economic engine, accounting in 2012 for 5 percent of the city's private sector jobs, 8.5 percent (US$3.8 billion) of its tax revenue, and 22 percent of the city's total wages, including an average salary of US$360,700. Many large financial companies are headquartered in New York City, and the city is also home to a burgeoning number of financial startup companies.", " The most important economic sector in New York lies in its role as the headquarters of the US financial industry, known by metonymy as Wall Street. The city's securities industry, with 163,400 jobs in August 2013, still forms the largest category of the financial sector in the city and an important economic engine, representing in 2012 5% of private sector employment, 8.5% (3.8 billion dollars) of its fiscal revenues, and 22% of its total wages, including an average of 360,700 dollars. Many large financial companies are based in New York, and the city is also the hub of a growing number of financial start-ups.", 0.99090004, 1)
('The origin of Tom Robinson is less clear, although many have speculated that his character was inspired by several models. When Lee was 10 years old, a white woman near Monroeville accused a black man named Walter Lett of raping her. The story and the trial were covered by her father\'s newspaper which reported that Lett was convicted and sentenced to death. After a series of letters appeared claiming Lett had been falsely accused, his sentence was commuted to life in prison. He died there of tuberculosis in 1937. Scholars believe that Robinson\'s difficulties reflect the notorious case of the Scottsboro Boys, in which nine black men were convicted of raping two white women on negligible evidence. However, in 2005, Lee stated that she had in mind something less sensational, although the Scottsboro case served "the same purpose" to display Southern prejudices. Emmett Till, a black teenager who was murdered for flirting with a white woman in Mississippi in 1955, and whose death is credited as a catalyst for the Civil Rights Movement, is also considered a model for Tom Robinson.', " The origin of Tom Robinson's background is less clear, despite numerous hypotheses that his character was inspired by several models. When Lee was 10 years old, a white woman near Monroeville accused a black man named Walter Lett of raping her. The story and trial were reported in his father's newspaper, which noted that Lett had been sentenced and sentenced to death. After a series of letters stating he had been wrongly accused, his sentence was commuted to life in prison. He died of tuberculosis in 1937. Researchers believe that Robinson's struggles reflect the notorious case of the Scottsboro Boys, in which nine black men were condemned for raping two white women on flimsy evidence. However, in 2005, Lee stated that she had something less sensational in mind, although the Scottsboro Boys case served the same purpose to highlight Southern prejudices. Emmett Till, a black teenager who was assassinated in Mississippi in 1955 for flirting with a white woman and whose death is credited with sparking the Civil Rights Movement, is also considered a model for Tom Robinson.", 0.9909106, 1)
("New York City has more than 2,000 arts and cultural organizations and more than 500 art galleries of all sizes. The city government funds the arts with a larger annual budget than the National Endowment for the Arts. Wealthy business magnates in the 19th century built a network of major cultural institutions, such as the famed Carnegie Hall and The Metropolitan Museum of Art, that would become internationally established. The advent of electric lighting led to elaborate theater productions, and in the 1880s, New York City theaters on Broadway and along 42nd Street began featuring a new stage form that became known as the Broadway musical. Strongly influenced by the city's immigrants, productions such as those of Harrigan and Hart, George M. Cohan, and others used song in narratives that often reflected themes of hope and ambition.", " New York City has over 2,000 artistic and cultural organizations and over 500 galleries of various sizes. The municipal government finances the arts with an annual budget larger than that of the National Endowment for the Arts. The wealthy business magnates of the 19th century built a network of major cultural institutions, such as the famous Carnegie Hall and The Metropolitan Museum of Art, which have become internationally established. The introduction of electric lighting led to elaborate theatrical productions, and in the 1880s, the theaters of Broadway and 42nd Street in New York began to stage a new form of Broadway musical. Strongly influenced by the city's immigrants, productions such as those of Harrigan and Hart, George M. Cohan and others used songs in narratives that often addressed themes of hope and ambition.", 0.99092484, 1)
('Tracks of the Northern Pacific Railroad (NPR) reached Montana from the west in 1881 and from the east in 1882. However, the railroad played a major role in sparking tensions with Native American tribes in the 1870s. Jay Cooke, the NPR president launched major surveys into the Yellowstone valley in 1871, 1872 and 1873 which were challenged forcefully by the Sioux under chief Sitting Bull. These clashes, in part, contributed to the Panic of 1873 which delayed construction of the railroad into Montana. Surveys in 1874, 1875 and 1876 helped spark the Great Sioux War of 1876. The transcontinental NPR was completed on September 8, 1883, at Gold Creek.', " The Northern Pacific Railroad (NPR) tracks reached Montana from the west in 1881 and from the east in 1882. However, the railroad played a major role in tension inflammation with Native American tribes in the 1870s. Jay Cooke, NPR's president, conducted major surveys in the Yellowstone Valley in 1871, 1872, and 1873, which were forcibly contested by the Sioux under Sitting Bull's leadership. These incidents, in part, contributed to the Panic of 1873, which delayed the construction of the railroad to Montana. Surveys conducted in 1874, 1875, and 1876 triggered the Sioux War of 1876. The transcontinental railroad NPR was completed on September 8, 1883, at Gold Creek.", 0.9909253, 1)
("Tibet was once a strong power contemporaneous with Tang China (618–907). Until the Tibetan Empire's collapse in the 9th century, it was the Tang's major rival in dominating Inner Asia. The Yarlung rulers of Tibet also signed various peace treaties with the Tang, culminating in a treaty in 821 that fixed the borders between Tibet and China.", " Tibet was a powerful contemporary of Tang China (618-907). Until the fall of the Tibetan empires in the 9th century, it was Tang China's main rival in dominating Inner Asia. The rulers of Tibet from Yarlung also signed various peace treaties with the Tangs, culminating in a treaty in 821 that established the borders between Tibet and China.", 0.9909421, 1)
("Other important sectors include medical research and technology, non-profit institutions, and universities. Manufacturing accounts for a significant but declining share of employment, although the city's garment industry is showing a resurgence in Brooklyn. Food processing is a US$5 billion industry that employs more than 19,000 residents.", ' Other important sectors include medical research and technology, non-profit organizations, and universities. The manufacturing industry represents an important but declining share of employment, although the clothing industry is showing a revival in Brooklyn. The food processing industry is a $5 billion industry that employs over 19,000 residents.', 0.9909452, 1)
("Solar power is anticipated to become the world's largest source of electricity by 2050, with solar photovoltaics and concentrated solar power contributing 16 and 11 percent to the global overall consumption, respectively.", ' Solar power is expected to become the largest source of worldwide electricity by 2050. Solar photovoltaics will contribute 16 percent to global consumption, and concentrated solar power will contribute 11 percent.', 0.99095106, 1)
("Works published since 1857 have received alternative catalogue designations instead of opus numbers. The present standard musicological reference for Chopin's works is the Kobylańska Catalogue (usually represented by the initials 'KK'), named for its compiler, the Polish musicologist Krystyna Kobylańska.", " Since 1857, published works have received catalog numbers from alternative catalogs instead of opus numbers. The current standard musicological reference for Chopin's works is the Kobylańska Catalogue (generally referred to by the initials KK), named after its compiler, the Polish musicologist Krystyna Kobylańska.", 0.9909514, 1)
('Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, anchoring Lincoln Square on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, is home to numerous influential arts organizations, including the Metropolitan Opera, New York City Opera, New York Philharmonic, and New York City Ballet, as well as the Vivian Beaumont Theater, the Juilliard School, Jazz at Lincoln Center, and Alice Tully Hall. The Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute is in Union Square, and Tisch School of the Arts is based at New York University, while Central Park SummerStage presents performances of free plays and music in Central Park.', " The Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, situated on Manhattan's Upper West Side and anchoring Lincoln Square, hosts numerous influential arts organizations such as the Metropolitan Opera, New York City Opera, New York Philharmonic, and New York City Ballet, as well as the Vivian Beaumont Theater, the Juilliard School, Jazz at Lincoln Center, and Alice Tully Hall. The Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute is located in Union Square, and Tisch School of the Arts is based at New York University. Central Park SummerStage presents free performances of plays and music in Central Park.", 0.9909519, 1)
("In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models. Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message. In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene. Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics.", " In 1882, Brother Albert Zahm's brother, Julius Zahm, built one of the first wind tunnels used to compare lift to drag on model aircraft. Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message. In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland conducted preliminary work on base reactions that were later used to create neoprene. The study of nuclear physics at the university began with the construction of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues today in part due to cooperation at the Joint Institute for Nuclear Physics and Astrophysics.", 0.990976, 0)
("Many of the world's largest media conglomerates are also based in the city. Manhattan contained over 500 million square feet (46.5 million m2) of office space in 2015, making it the largest office market in the United States, while Midtown Manhattan, with nearly 400 million square feet (37.2 million m2) in 2015, is the largest central business district in the world.", ' More than half of the largest media conglomerates in the world are based in this city. Manhattan had over 500 million square feet (46.5 million sq m) of office space in 2015, making it the largest office market in the United States, while Midtown Manhattan, with nearly 400 million square feet (37.2 million sq m) in 2015, is the largest business district in the world.', 0.9909923, 1)
('In March 2005, the Security Council formally referred the situation in Darfur to the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, taking into account the Commission report but without mentioning any specific crimes. Two permanent members of the Security Council, the United States and China, abstained from the vote on the referral resolution. As of his fourth report to the Security Council, the Prosecutor has found "reasonable grounds to believe that the individuals identified [in the UN Security Council Resolution 1593] have committed crimes against humanity and war crimes," but did not find sufficient evidence to prosecute for genocide.', ' In March 2005, the Security Council formally referred the situation in Darfur to the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, taking into account the report of the Commission, without mentioning specific crimes. Two permanent members of the Security Council, the United States and China, abstained from voting on the referral resolution. By its fourth report to the Security Council, the Prosecutor found "reasons to believe that individuals identified [in Security Council Resolution 1593] have committed crimes against humanity and violations of the laws of war," but had not found sufficient evidence for genocide proceedings.', 0.99103063, 1)
('The Desert Land Act of 1877 was passed to allow settlement of arid lands in the west and allotted 640 acres (2.6 km2) to settlers for a fee of $.25 per acre and a promise to irrigate the land. After three years, a fee of one dollar per acre would be paid and the land would be owned by the settler. This act brought mostly cattle and sheep ranchers into Montana, many of whom grazed their herds on the Montana prairie for three years, did little to irrigate the land and then abandoned it without paying the final fees. Some farmers came with the arrival of the Great Northern and Northern Pacific Railroads throughout the 1880s and 1890s, though in relatively small numbers.', ' The Desert Land Act of 1877 was adopted to permit the colonization of dry lands to the west and granted 640 acres (2.6 km2) to settlers for a fee of 0.25 $ per acre and a promise of irrigation of the land. After three years, a dollar per acre fee was to be paid and the land then belonged to the settler. This text attracted mainly cattle and sheep ranchers to Montana, many of them letting their herds graze on the Montana prairie for three years, doing little to irrigate the land and eventually abandoning without paying the last fees. Some farmers arrived with the arrival of the Northern Pacific and Northwestern Railroads in the 1880s and 1890s, but in relatively small numbers.', 0.991032, 1)
('Following filming in Mexico, and during a scheduled break, Craig was flown to New York to undergo minor surgery to fix his knee injury. It was reported that filming was not affected and he had returned to filming at Pinewood Studios as planned on 22 April.', ' After shooting in Mexico and during a scheduled break, Craig was flown to New York for a minor knee surgery to repair an injury. The filming was not affected and he returned to shoot at Pinewood Studios on April 22nd as planned.', 0.9910796, 1)
("The northern section of the Divide, where the mountains give way rapidly to prairie, is part of the Rocky Mountain Front. The front is most pronounced in the Lewis Range, located primarily in Glacier National Park. Due to the configuration of mountain ranges in Glacier National Park, the Northern Divide (which begins in Alaska's Seward Peninsula) crosses this region and turns east in Montana at Triple Divide Peak. It causes the Waterton River, Belly, and Saint Mary rivers to flow north into Alberta, Canada. There they join the Saskatchewan River, which ultimately empties into Hudson Bay.", " In the northern part of the Divide, the mountains quickly give way to prairies, making up the Front Range of the Rockies. The most pronounced front is found in the Lewis Ranges, primarily in Glacier National Park. Due to the mountain range configuration in Glacier National Park, the Northern Divide (beginning in Alaska's Seward Peninsula) passes through this region and turns east in Montana at Triple Divide Peak. This causes the Waterton River, Belly, and Saint Mary rivers to flow north into Alberta, Canada, where they join the Saskatchewan River, which ultimately empties into Hudson Bay.", 0.9911146, 1)
('Interactions between alcohol and certain antibiotics may occur and may cause side-effects and decreased effectiveness of antibiotic therapy. While moderate alcohol consumption is unlikely to interfere with many common antibiotics, there are specific types of antibiotics with which alcohol consumption may cause serious side-effects. Therefore, potential risks of side-effects and effectiveness depend on the type of antibiotic administered. Despite the lack of a categorical counterindication, the belief that alcohol and antibiotics should never be mixed is widespread.', ' Interactions between alcohol and certain antibiotics can occur and may lead to side effects and a decrease in antibiotic therapy effectiveness. Moderate alcohol consumption does not interfere with many common antibiotics, but there are specific antibiotic types for which alcohol consumption can cause serious side effects. Therefore, the risks of side effects and ineffectiveness depend on the type of antibiotic administered. Despite the lack of a categorical contraindication, the belief that alcohol and antibiotics should never be mixed is widespread.', 0.99115765, 1)
("After defeating the Visigoths in only a few months, the Umayyad Caliphate started expanding rapidly in the peninsula. Beginning in 711, the land that is now Portugal became part of the vast Umayyad Caliphate's empire of Damascus, which stretched from the Indus river in the Indian sub-continent (now Pakistan) up to the South of France, until its collapse in 750. That year the west of the empire gained its independence under Abd-ar-Rahman I with the establishment of the Emirate of Córdoba. After almost two centuries, the Emirate became the Caliphate of Córdoba in 929, until its dissolution a century later in 1031 into no less than 23 small kingdoms, called Taifa kingdoms.", ' After defeating the Visigoths within a few months, the Omeyyad Caliphate began to expand rapidly in the Iberian Peninsula. Since the year 711, the land that is now Portugal has been part of the vast empire of the Damascus Omeyyad Caliphate, extending from the Indus River in the Indian subcontinent (today Pakistan) to the South of France, until its fall in 750. On that day, the western part of the empire obtained its independence under Abd-ar-Rahman I with the establishment of the Emirate of Cordoba. After nearly two centuries, the Emirate became the Caliphate of Cordoba in 929, until its dissolution a century later in 1031 into 23 small kingdoms, called the Taifa kingdoms.', 0.9911816, 1)
('Phase change materials such as paraffin wax and Glauber\'s salt are another thermal storage media. These materials are inexpensive, readily available, and can deliver domestically useful temperatures (approximately 64 °C or 147 °F). The "Dover House" (in Dover, Massachusetts) was the first to use a Glauber\'s salt heating system, in 1948. Solar energy can also be stored at high temperatures using molten salts. Salts are an effective storage medium because they are low-cost, have a high specific heat capacity and can deliver heat at temperatures compatible with conventional power systems. The Solar Two used this method of energy storage, allowing it to store 1.44 terajoules (400,000 kWh) in its 68 cubic metres storage tank with an annual storage efficiency of about 99%.', 'Phase change materials such as paraffin wax and Glauber salt are another form of thermal energy storage media. These materials are inexpensive, easily available, and can provide useful temperatures domestically (around 64 °C or 147 °F). The "Dover House" (in Dover, Massachusetts) was the first to use a heating system based on Glauber salt, in 1948. Solar energy can also be stored at high temperatures using molten salts. Salts are a good storage medium due to their low cost, high specific heat capacity, and ability to provide heat at temperatures compatible with conventional electrical systems. The Solar Two used this method for energy storage, allowing it to store 1.44 terajoules (400 000 kWh) in its 68 m3 storage tank with an approximate annual storage efficiency of about 99%.', 0.9912154, 1)
("After the financial crisis of 2007–08, it was known in 2008–2009 that two Portuguese banks (Banco Português de Negócios (BPN) and Banco Privado Português (BPP)) had been accumulating losses for years due to bad investments, embezzlement and accounting fraud. The case of BPN was particularly serious because of its size, market share, and the political implications - Portugal's then current President, Cavaco Silva, and some of his political allies, maintained personal and business relationships with the bank and its CEO, who was eventually charged and arrested for fraud and other crimes. In the grounds of avoiding a potentially serious financial crisis in the Portuguese economy, the Portuguese government decided to give them a bailout, eventually at a future loss to taxpayers and to the Portuguese people in general.", ' After the 2007-08 financial crisis, it was known in 2008-2009 that two Portuguese banks (Banco Português de Negócios (BPN) and Banco Privado Português (BPP)) had amassed losses for years due to bad investments, embezzlement, and accounting fraud. The case of BPN was particularly serious due to its size, market share, and political implications - The current Portuguese president, Cavaco Silva, and some of his political allies had personal and business relationships with the bank and its CEO, who was eventually charged and arrested for fraud and other offenses. In order to avoid a potentially serious financial crisis for the Portuguese economy, the Portuguese government decided to bail them out, ultimately at a cost to taxpayers and the Portuguese people in general.', 0.99121714, 1)
("The city's total area is 468.9 square miles (1,214 km2). 164.1 sq mi (425 km2) of this is water and 304.8 sq mi (789 km2) is land. The highest point in the city is Todt Hill on Staten Island, which, at 409.8 feet (124.9 m) above sea level, is the highest point on the Eastern Seaboard south of Maine. The summit of the ridge is mostly covered in woodlands as part of the Staten Island Greenbelt.", " The total area of the city is 468.9 square miles (1,214 km2). Of that, 164.1 square miles (425 km2) are water and 304.8 square miles (789 km2) are land. The highest point in the city is located on Staten Island, at Todt Hill, which, at 409.8 feet (124.9 m) above sea level, is the highest point along the Atlantic coast south of Maine. The summit of the ridge is primarily covered in forests as part of Staten Island's Greenbelt.", 0.99129236, 1)
('The name iPod was proposed by Vinnie Chieco, a freelance copywriter, who (with others) was called by Apple to figure out how to introduce the new player to the public. After Chieco saw a prototype, he thought of the movie 2001: A Space Odyssey and the phrase "Open the pod bay door, Hal!", which refers to the white EVA Pods of the Discovery One spaceship. Chieco saw an analogy to the relationship between the spaceship and the smaller independent pods in the relationship between a personal computer and the music player. Apple researched the trademark and found that it was already in use. Joseph N. Grasso of New Jersey had originally listed an "iPod" trademark with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) in July 2000 for Internet kiosks. The first iPod kiosks had been demonstrated to the public in New Jersey in March 1998, and commercial use began in January 2000, but had apparently been discontinued by 2001. The trademark was registered by the USPTO in November 2003, and Grasso assigned it to Apple Computer, Inc. in 2005.', ' The name iPod was proposed by Vinnie Chieco, an independent copywriter, who, along with others, was called by Apple to determine how to present the new device to the public. After seeing a prototype, Chieco thought of the movie 2001: A Space Odyssey and the phrase "Open the pod bay doors, Hal!", which refers to the white EVA capsules of Discovery One. Chieco saw an analogy between the relationship between the spaceship and the smaller independent capsules and the relationship between a personal computer and a music player. Apple researched the patent and discovered it was already in use. Joseph N. Grasso of New Jersey had originally filed a patent application for iPod with the USPTO in July 2000 for Internet kiosks. The first iPods were demonstrated to the public in New Jersey in March 1998, and commercial use began in January 2000, but seem to have been discontinued before 2001. The patent was registered by the USPTO in November 2003, and Grasso assigned it to Apple Computer, Inc. in 2005.', 0.9912977, 1)
('During 1824–28 Chopin spent his vacations away from Warsaw, at a number of locales.[n 4] In 1824 and 1825, at Szafarnia, he was a guest of Dominik Dziewanowski, the father of a schoolmate. Here for the first time he encountered Polish rural folk music. His letters home from Szafarnia (to which he gave the title "The Szafarnia Courier"), written in a very modern and lively Polish, amused his family with their spoofing of the Warsaw newspapers and demonstrated the youngster\'s literary gift.', 'Between 1824 and 1828, Chopin spent his vacations away from Warsaw, at various places. In 1824 and 1825, at Szafarnia, he was a guest of Dominik Dziewanowski, the father of a schoolmate. It was there for the first time that he encountered Polish rural folk music. His letters home from Szafarnia (which he titled "The Szafarnia Courier"), written in a very modern and lively Polish, amused his family with their spoofing of the Warsaw newspapers and demonstrated the youngster\'s literary gift.', 0.9913259, 1)
('In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U.S. News & World Report\'s Best Colleges 2016. In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual. Forbes.com\'s America\'s Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest. U.S. News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall. BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall. It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall. The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame\'s graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally. Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57.6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries. According to payscale.com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States. The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group.', ' In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th in the overall category among "national universities" in the United States, according to the 2016 U.S. News & World Report ranking of America\'s Best Colleges. In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th in the overall category for American universities, based on College Factual data. According to Forbes.com, Forbes\' 2015 America\'s Top Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States, 8th among research universities, and first in the Midwest. Notre Dame Law School ranks 22nd in the overall category by U.S. News & World Report. BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business at Notre Dame first in the overall ranking. Its MBA program is ranked 20th in the overall ranking. The graduate philosophy program at Notre Dame is ranked 15th nationally, according to the Philosophical Gourmet Report, and the undergraduate architecture program is ranked 12th nationally by ARCHITECT Magazine. In addition, Notre Dame\'s study abroad program ranks sixth in the country for the highest percentage of students studying abroad, with 57.6% of students choosing to study in 17 countries. According to payscale.com, the median mid-career salary for Notre Dame undergraduate graduates is $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States. The median starting salary of $55,300 ranks 58th in the same peer group.', 0.9913286, 1)
('The armed forces have three branches: Navy, Army and Air Force. They serve primarily as a self-defense force whose mission is to protect the territorial integrity of the country and provide humanitarian assistance and security at home and abroad. As of 2008, the three branches numbered 39,200 active personnel including 7,500 women. Portuguese military expenditure in 2009 was $5.2 billion, representing 2.1 percent of GDP. Military conscription was abolished in 2004. The minimum age for voluntary recruitment is 18 years.', ' The armed forces have three branches: Navy, Army, and Air Force. They primarily ensure the function of defending the country, whose mission is to protect the territorial integrity of the country and provide humanitarian aid and security at home and abroad. In the year 2008, the three branches comprised 39,200 active personnel, including 7,500 women. Portuguese military spending in 2009 amounted to 5.2 billion dollars, representing 2.1 % of the GDP. Compulsory military service was abolished in 2004. The minimum age for voluntary recruitment is 18 years.', 0.9913315, 1)
("The Information Office of the State Council of the PRC preserves an edict of the Zhengtong Emperor (r. 1435–1449) addressed to the Karmapa in 1445, written after the latter's agent had brought holy relics to the Ming court. Zhengtong had the following message delivered to the Great Treasure Prince of Dharma, the Karmapa:", " The Information Office of the State Council of the PRC maintains an edict of the Zhengtong Emperor (r. 1435-1449) addressed to the Karmapa, penned in 1445 following the latter's agent's delivery of holy relics to the Ming court. Zhengtong had this message conveyed to the Great Treasure Prince of Dharma, the Karmapa:", 0.99135375, 1)
("The Rev. John J. Cavanaugh, C.S.C. served as president from 1946 to 1952. Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold. Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute. Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I.A. O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university. Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and development", " The Rev. John J. Cavanaugh, C.S.C. served as president from 1946 to 1952. Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was dedicated to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to fit it for an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body. He stressed advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold. Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute. He presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I.A. O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university. Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and development.", 0.9913798, 1)
("The two became friends, and for many years lived in close proximity in Paris, Chopin at 38 Rue de la Chaussée-d'Antin, and Liszt at the Hôtel de France on the Rue Lafitte, a few blocks away. They performed together on seven occasions between 1833 and 1841. The first, on 2 April 1833, was at a benefit concert organized by Hector Berlioz for his bankrupt Shakespearean actress wife Harriet Smithson, during which they played George Onslow's Sonata in F minor for piano duet. Later joint appearances included a benefit concert for the Benevolent Association of Polish Ladies in Paris. Their last appearance together in public was for a charity concert conducted for the Beethoven Memorial in Bonn, held at the Salle Pleyel and the Paris Conservatory on 25 and 26 April 1841.", " They became friends and lived in close proximity in Paris for many years. Chopin resided at 38 Rue de la Chaussée-dAntin, and Liszt at the Hôtel de France on the Rue Lafitte, a few blocks away. They performed together on seven occasions between 1833 and 1841. The first, on 2 April 1833, was at a benefit concert organized by Hector Berlioz for his bankrupt Shakespearean actress wife Harriet Smithson. They played George Onslow's Sonata in F minor for piano duet during this concert. Later joint appearances included a benefit concert for the Benevolent Association of Polish Ladies in Paris. Their last appearance together in public was for a charity concert conducted for the Beethoven Memorial in Bonn. It took place at the Salle Pleyel and the Paris Conservatory on 25 and 26 April 1841.", 0.9913929, 1)
("Numerous recordings of Chopin's works are available. On the occasion of the composer's bicentenary, the critics of The New York Times recommended performances by the following contemporary pianists (among many others): Martha Argerich, Vladimir Ashkenazy, Emanuel Ax, Evgeny Kissin, Murray Perahia, Maurizio Pollini and Krystian Zimerman. The Warsaw Chopin Society organizes the Grand prix du disque de F. Chopin for notable Chopin recordings, held every five years.", " Numerous recordings of Chopin's works are available. On the occasion of the composer's bicentennial, the New York Times critics recommended the following interpretations (among many others) : Martha Argerich, Vladimir Ashkenazy, Emanuel Ax, Evgeny Kissin, Murray Perahia, Maurizio Pollini and Krystian Zimerman. The Chopin Society of Warsaw organizes the F. Chopin International Piano Competition for notable Chopin recordings, held every five years.", 0.9914218, 1)
('The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s. Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B.S. degrees offered. Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B.A. and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively.', ' The Engineering College was founded in 1920, however, the first engineering courses in civil and mechanical engineering were part of the Sciences College since the 1870s. Today, the college, located in Fitzpatrick, Cushing and Stinson-Remick Engineering halls, comprises five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil and earth sciences engineering, computer and information engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B.S. degrees offered. In addition, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Letters and Sciences and Business, which grant additional B.A. and MBA degrees, respectively.', 0.99143434, 1)
("In the United States and Canada, the film opened on 6 November 2015, and in its opening weekend, was originally projected to gross $70–75 million from 3,927 screens, the widest release for a Bond film. However, after grossing $5.25 million from its early Thursday night showings and $28 million on its opening day, weekend projections were increased to $75–80 million. The film ended up grossing $70.4 million in its opening weekend (about $20 million less than Skyfall's $90.6 million debut, including IMAX previews), but nevertheless finished first at the box office. IMAX generated $9.1 million for Spectre at 374 screens, premium large format made $8 million from 429 cinemas, reaping 11% of the film's opening, which means that Spectre earned $17.1 million (23%) of its opening weekend total in large-format venues. Cinemark XD generated $1.85 million in 112 XD locations.", "In the United States and Canada, the film was launched on November 6, 2015, and its weekend opening estimates initially selected around 70-75 million dollars from 3,927 screens, the widest release for a Bond film. However, after earning 5.25 million dollars from Thursday previews and 28 million dollars on the opening day, weekend estimates were increased to 75-80 million dollars. The film eventually made 70.4 million dollars in weekend box office receipts (approximately 20 million dollars less than the 90.6 million dollars of Skyfall's opening, including IMAX previews), but it still topped the box office. IMAX generated 9.1 million dollars for Spectre at 374 screens, the large format generated 8 million dollars from 429 theaters, collecting 11% of the weekend box office, meaning Spectre earned 17.1 million dollars (23%) of its total weekend box office revenue from the large format. Cinemark XD generated 1.85 million dollars in 112 XD locations.", 0.991462, 1)
('Chopin took the new salon genre of the nocturne, invented by the Irish composer John Field, to a deeper level of sophistication. He was the first to write ballades and scherzi as individual concert pieces. He essentially established a new genre with his own set of free-standing preludes (Op. 28, published 1839). He exploited the poetic potential of the concept of the concert étude, already being developed in the 1820s and 1830s by Liszt, Clementi and Moscheles, in his two sets of studies (Op. 10 published in 1833, Op. 25 in 1837).', ' Chopin borrowed the new salon genre, invented by Irish composer John Field, to a deeper level of sophistication. He was the first to write ballades and scherzos as individual concert pieces. He essentially established a new genre through his own series of programmatic preludes (Op. 28, published in 1839). He exploited the poetic potential of the concert study concept, which was already developing in the 1820s and 1830s by Liszt, Clementi, and Moscheles, in his two study series (Op. 10 published in 1833, Op. 25 in 1837).', 0.9914966, 1)
("The wider New York City metropolitan area, with over 20 million people, about 50% greater than the second-place Los Angeles metropolitan area in the United States, is also ethnically diverse. The New York region continues to be by far the leading metropolitan gateway for legal immigrants admitted into the United States, substantially exceeding the combined totals of Los Angeles and Miami, the next most popular gateway regions. It is home to the largest Jewish as well as Israeli communities outside Israel, with the Jewish population in the region numbering over 1.5 million in 2012 and including many diverse Jewish sects from around the Middle East and Eastern Europe. The metropolitan area is also home to 20% of the nation's Indian Americans and at least 20 Little India enclaves, as well as 15% of all Korean Americans and four Koreatowns; the largest Asian Indian population in the Western Hemisphere; the largest Russian American, Italian American, and African American populations; the largest Dominican American, Puerto Rican American, and South American and second-largest overall Hispanic population in the United States, numbering 4.8 million; and includes at least 6 established Chinatowns within New York City alone, with the urban agglomeration comprising a population of 779,269 overseas Chinese as of 2013 Census estimates, the largest outside of Asia.", " The wider New York City metropolitan area, with over 20 million people, approximately 50% greater than the second-place Los Angeles metropolitan area in the United States, is ethnically diverse. The New York region is the leading metropolitan gateway for legal immigrants admitted into the United States, significantly surpassing the combined totals of Los Angeles and Miami, the next most popular gateway regions. It is home to the largest Jewish and Israeli communities outside Israel, with the Jewish population in the region numbering over 1.5 million in 2012 and encompassing various Jewish sects from the Middle East and Eastern Europe. The metropolitan area is also home to 20% of the nation's Indian Americans and at least 20 Little India enclaves, as well as 15% of all Korean Americans and four Koreatowns; the largest Asian Indian population in the Western Hemisphere; the largest Russian American, Italian American, and African American populations; the largest Dominican American, Puerto Rican American, and South American populations, and the second-largest overall Hispanic population in the United States, numbering 4.8 million; and includes at least 6 established Chinatowns within New York City alone, with the urban agglomeration comprising a population of 779,269 overseas Chinese as of 2013 Census estimates, the largest outside of Asia.", 0.9915419, 1)
('Beginning in mid-2007, four major airlines, United, Continental, Delta, and Emirates, reached agreements to install iPod seat connections. The free service will allow passengers to power and charge an iPod, and view video and music libraries on individual seat-back displays. Originally KLM and Air France were reported to be part of the deal with Apple, but they later released statements explaining that they were only contemplating the possibility of incorporating such systems.', 'From mid-2007, four major airlines, United, Continental, Delta, and Emirates, have reached agreements to install iPod connectors at seats. The free service will allow passengers to power and charge an iPod, and to view their video and music libraries on individual seat screens. Originally, KLM and Air France were reported to be part of this deal with Apple, but they have issued statements explaining that they had only considered integrating such systems.', 0.9915529, 1)
('In June 1837 Chopin visited London incognito in the company of the piano manufacturer Camille Pleyel where he played at a musical soirée at the house of English piano maker James Broadwood. On his return to Paris, his association with Sand began in earnest, and by the end of June 1838 they had become lovers. Sand, who was six years older than the composer, and who had had a series of lovers, wrote at this time: "I must say I was confused and amazed at the effect this little creature had on me ... I have still not recovered from my astonishment, and if I were a proud person I should be feeling humiliated at having been carried away ..." The two spent a miserable winter on Majorca (8 November 1838 to 13 February 1839), where, together with Sand\'s two children, they had journeyed in the hope of improving the health of Chopin and that of Sand\'s 15-year-old son Maurice, and also to escape the threats of Sand\'s former lover Félicien Mallefille. After discovering that the couple were not married, the deeply traditional Catholic people of Majorca became inhospitable, making accommodation difficult to find. This compelled the group to take lodgings in a former Carthusian monastery in Valldemossa, which gave little shelter from the cold winter weather.', ' In June 1837, Chopin visited London incognito with piano manufacturer Camille Pleyel, where he played at a musical soiree at the English piano manufacturer James Broadwood\'s. Upon his return to Paris, his relationship with Sand became serious, and by the end of June 1838, they were lovers. Sand, who was six years older than the composer and had had a series of lovers, wrote at that time: "I must confess that I was puzzled and astonished by the effect this little creature had produced ... I still haven\'t recovered from my astonishment, and if I were a proud person, I would have felt humiliated to have been carried away ..." The couple spent an unpleasant meteorology in Majorca (from November 8, 1838 to February 13, 1839), where, with Sand\'s two children, they had traveled in the hope of improving Chopin\'s health and that of her fifteen-year-old son Maurice, and also to escape the threats of her former lover Félicien Mallefille. Discovering that the couple was not married, the deeply traditional Catholic people of Majorca became unfriendly, making it difficult to find lodgings. This forced them to take lodgings in an old Carthusian monastery at Valldemossa, which offered little protection against the winter cold.', 0.9915689, 1)
('On March 30, 2015, it was announced that Beyoncé is a co-owner, with various other music artists, in the music streaming service Tidal. The service specialises in lossless audio and high definition music videos. Beyoncé\'s husband Jay Z acquired the parent company of Tidal, Aspiro, in the first quarter of 2015. Including Beyoncé and Jay-Z, sixteen artist stakeholders (such as Kanye West, Rihanna, Madonna, Chris Martin, Nicki Minaj and more) co-own Tidal, with the majority owning a 3% equity stake. The idea of having an all artist owned streaming service was created by those involved to adapt to the increased demand for streaming within the current music industry, and to rival other streaming services such as Spotify, which have been criticised for their low payout of royalties. "The challenge is to get everyone to respect music again, to recognize its value", stated Jay-Z on the release of Tidal.', ' On March 30, 2015, it was announced that Beyoncé is a co-owner, along with various other musical artists, of the musical streaming service Tidal. This service specializes in lossless audio and high definition music videos. The parent company of Tidal, Aspiro, was acquired by Beyoncé and her husband Jay Z during the first quarter of 2015. In addition to Beyoncé and Jay-Z, sixteen artist shareholders (including Kanye West, Rihanna, Madonna, Chris Martin, and Nicki Minaj) own Tidal, with the majority holding a 3% stake. The idea behind having a streaming service entirely owned by artists was created by them to adapt to the increasing demand for streaming in the music industry and to compete with other streaming services like Spotify, which have been criticized for their low royalty payments. "The challenge is to respect music once again, to recognize its value," Jay Z stated at the launch of Tidal.', 0.99162173, 1)
('New York has been described as the "Capital of Baseball". There have been 35 Major League Baseball World Series and 73 pennants won by New York teams. It is one of only five metro areas (Los Angeles, Chicago, Baltimore–Washington, and the San Francisco Bay Area being the others) to have two baseball teams. Additionally, there have been 14 World Series in which two New York City teams played each other, known as a Subway Series and occurring most recently in 2000. No other metropolitan area has had this happen more than once (Chicago in 1906, St. Louis in 1944, and the San Francisco Bay Area in 1989). The city\'s two current Major League Baseball teams are the New York Mets, who play at Citi Field in Queens, and the New York Yankees, who play at Yankee Stadium in the Bronx. who compete in six games of interleague play every regular season that has also come to be called the Subway Series. The Yankees have won a record 27 championships, while the Mets have won the World Series twice. The city also was once home to the Brooklyn Dodgers (now the Los Angeles Dodgers), who won the World Series once, and the New York Giants (now the San Francisco Giants), who won the World Series five times. Both teams moved to California in 1958. There are also two Minor League Baseball teams in the city, the Brooklyn Cyclones and Staten Island Yankees.', ' New York has been described as the "Capital of Baseball". There have been 35 major league baseball World Series and 73 pennants won by New York teams. It is one of the five metropolitan areas (Los Angeles, Chicago, Baltimore-Washington, and the Bay Area being the others) to have two baseball teams. Additionally, there have been 14 World Series in which two New York teams faced each other, known as the Subway Series and last occurring in 2000. No other metropolitan area has experienced this more than once (Chicago in 1906, St. Louis in 1944, and the Bay Area in 1989). The two current major league baseball teams in the city are the New York Mets, who play at Citi Field in Queens, and the New York Yankees, who play at Yankee Stadium in the Bronx. They face off in six intraleague games each regular season, also known as the Subway Series. The Yankees hold the record of 27 championships, while the Mets have won two World Series. The city was originally home to the Brooklyn Dodgers (now the Los Angeles Dodgers), who have won one World Series, and the New York Giants (now the San Francisco Giants), who have won five World Series. Both teams moved to California in 1958. There are also two minor league baseball teams in the city, the Brooklyn Cyclones and the Staten Island Yankees.', 0.99163276, 1)
("Despite New York's heavy reliance on its vast public transit system, streets are a defining feature of the city. Manhattan's street grid plan greatly influenced the city's physical development. Several of the city's streets and avenues, like Broadway, Wall Street, Madison Avenue, and Seventh Avenue are also used as metonyms for national industries there: the theater, finance, advertising, and fashion organizations, respectively.", "Despite New York's heavy dependence on its vast public transportation network, the streets are a defining characteristic of the city. The street plan of Manhattan significantly influenced the city's physical development. Several of the city's streets and avenues, like Broadway, Wall Street, Madison Avenue, and Seventh Avenue, are also used as metonyms for national industries there: theater, finance, advertising, and fashion, respectively.", 0.9916446, 1)
('The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support. The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968. Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square. The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia. Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome.', ' The university has several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and support for alumni. The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968. Since 1998, its London center has been based at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square, a former university club. This center allows the Colleges of Arts & Sciences, Business Administration, Sciences, Engineering, and Law to develop their own programs in London, as well as organize conferences and symposiums. Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem, and Rome.', 0.99170846, 1)
('On October 21, 2008, Apple reported that only 14.21% of total revenue for fiscal quarter 4 of year 2008 came from iPods. At the September 9, 2009 keynote presentation at the Apple Event, Phil Schiller announced total cumulative sales of iPods exceeded 220 million. The continual decline of iPod sales since 2009 has not been a surprising trend for the Apple corporation, as Apple CFO Peter Oppenheimer explained in June 2009: "We expect our traditional MP3 players to decline over time as we cannibalize ourselves with the iPod Touch and the iPhone." Since 2009, the company\'s iPod sales have continually decreased every financial quarter and in 2013 a new model was not introduced onto the market.', ' On October 21, 2008, Apple reported that only 14.21% of its total quarterly revenue for the fourth quarter of 2008 came from iPods. At the public presentation on September 9, 2009, at the Apple Event, Phil Schiller announced that the cumulative iPod sales had surpassed 220 million. The decline in iPod sales since 2009 was not an unexpected trend for Apple Corporation, as explained by Peter Oppenheimer, Apple\'s CFO, in June 2009: "We expect traditional MP3 players to gradually decline as we cannibalize them with iPod Touch and iPhone." Since 2009, iPod sales for the company have continued to decrease each quarter financially, and in 2013, no new model was released on the market.', 0.9917094, 1)
('Archaeology is the study of the human past through its material remains. Artifacts, faunal remains, and human altered landscapes are evidence of the cultural and material lives of past societies. Archaeologists examine these material remains in order to deduce patterns of past human behavior and cultural practices. Ethnoarchaeology is a type of archaeology that studies the practices and material remains of living human groups in order to gain a better understanding of the evidence left behind by past human groups, who are presumed to have lived in similar ways.', " Archaeology is the study of humanity's past through its material remains. Artifacts, faunal remains, and landscapes modified by humans are proof of the cultural and material lives of past societies. Archaeologists examine these material remains to infer patterns of past human behavior and cultural practices. Ethnoarchaeology is a type of archaeology that studies the practices and material remains of living human groups, in order to have a better understanding of the evidence left by past human groups, who are believed to have lived in similar ways.", 0.991716, 1)
("Railroads have been an important method of transportation in Montana since the 1880s. Historically, the state was traversed by the main lines of three east-west transcontinental routes: the Milwaukee Road, the Great Northern, and the Northern Pacific. Today, the BNSF Railway is the state's largest railroad, its main transcontinental route incorporating the former Great Northern main line across the state. Montana RailLink, a privately held Class II railroad, operates former Northern Pacific trackage in western Montana.", ' The railroads have been an important means of transportation in Montana since the 1880s. Historically, the state has been crossed by the main lines of three transcontinental routes going west: the Milwaukee Road, the Great Northern, and the Northern Pacific. Today, BNSF Railway is the largest railroad company in the state, with its primary transcontinental route incorporating the main line of the Great Northern passing through it. Montana RailLink, a private Class II railroad company, operates old Northern Pacific Railway tracks in western Montana.', 0.9917397, 1)
('Tajikistan (i/tɑːˈdʒiːkᵻstɑːn/, /təˈdʒiːkᵻstæn/, or /tæˈdʒiːkiːstæn/; Persian: تاجيكستان\u200e\u200e Тоҷикистон [tɔd͡ʒikɪsˈtɔn]), officially the Republic of Tajikistan (Persian: جمهورى تاجيكستان\u200e\u200e Tajik: Ҷумҳурии Тоҷикистон, Çumhuriji Toçikiston/Jumhuriyi Tojikiston; Russian: Респу́блика Таджикистан, Respublika Tadzhikistan), is a mountainous, landlocked country in Central Asia with an estimated 8 million people in 2013, and an area of 143,100 km2 (55,300 sq mi). It is bordered by Afghanistan to the south, Uzbekistan to the west, Kyrgyzstan to the north, and China to the east. Pakistan lies to the south, separated by the narrow Wakhan Corridor. Traditional homelands of Tajik people included present-day Tajikistan, Afghanistan and Uzbekistan.', ' Tajikistan (/tɑːʒɪkɪˈstɑːn/, /təˈdʒiːkɪstæn/, or /tæˈdʒiːkɪstæn/; Persian: تاجيكستان\u200e Tajikistan; officially the Republic of Tajikistan (Persian: جمهورى تاجيكستان Tajik: Ҷумҳурии Тоҷикистон, Çumhuriji Toçikiston/Jumhuriyi Tojikiston; Russian: Респу́блика Таджикистан Respublika Tadzhikistan), is a mountainous, land-locked country in Central Asia, with an estimated population of 8 million inhabitants in 2013 and a total area of 143,100 km2 (55,300 sq mi). It is bordered by Afghanistan to the south, Uzbekistan to the west, Kyrgyzstan to the north, and China to the east. Pakistan is to the south, separated by the narrow Wakhan Corridor. The traditional lands of the Tajik people included the present-day Tajikistan, Afghanistan, and Uzbekistan.', 0.9917399, 1)
('In the United States, heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) systems account for 30% (4.65 EJ/yr) of the energy used in commercial buildings and nearly 50% (10.1 EJ/yr) of the energy used in residential buildings. Solar heating, cooling and ventilation technologies can be used to offset a portion of this energy.', ' In the United States, heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) systems account for approximately 30% (4.65 EJ/year) of the energy consumed in commercial offices and nearly 50% (10.1 EJ/year) of the energy used in residences. Solar heating, cooling, and ventilation technologies can be used to offset a portion of this energy.', 0.9917608, 1)
('Public education in Tajikistan consists of 11 years of primary and secondary education but the government has plans to implement a 12-year system in 2016. There is a relatively large number of tertiary education institutions including Khujand State University which has 76 departments in 15 faculties, Tajikistan State University of Law, Business, & Politics, Khorugh State University, Agricultural University of Tajikistan, Tajik State National University, and several other institutions. Most, but not all, universities were established during the Soviet Era. As of 2008[update] tertiary education enrollment was 17%, significantly below the sub-regional average of 37%. Many Tajiks left the education system due to low demand in the labor market for people with extensive educational training or professional skills.', ' Primary and secondary education in Tajikistan lasts 11 years, but the government plans to implement a 12-year system in 2016. There are a relatively large number of higher education institutions, including the State University of Khujand with 76 departments in 15 faculties, the State University of Law, Economics and Politics of Tajikistan, the State University of Khorugh, the Agricultural University of Tajikistan, and the National University of Tajikistan, and several other institutions. Most, but not all, of these universities were established during the Soviet era. According to 2008 statistics [updated], enrollment in higher education was at 17%, significantly below the regional average of 37%. Many Tajiks have left the education system due to a low demand on the labor market for those with extended training or professional skills.', 0.9917845, 1)
("Manhattan Island is linked to New York City's outer boroughs and New Jersey by several tunnels as well. The Lincoln Tunnel, which carries 120,000 vehicles a day under the Hudson River between New Jersey and Midtown Manhattan, is the busiest vehicular tunnel in the world. The tunnel was built instead of a bridge to allow unfettered passage of large passenger and cargo ships that sailed through New York Harbor and up the Hudson River to Manhattan's piers. The Holland Tunnel, connecting Lower Manhattan to Jersey City, New Jersey, was the world's first mechanically ventilated vehicular tunnel when it opened in 1927. The Queens-Midtown Tunnel, built to relieve congestion on the bridges connecting Manhattan with Queens and Brooklyn, was the largest non-federal project in its time when it was completed in 1940. President Franklin D. Roosevelt was the first person to drive through it. The Hugh L. Carey Tunnel runs underneath Battery Park and connects the Financial District at the southern tip of Manhattan to Red Hook in Brooklyn.", " Manhattan Island is connected to the exterior suburbs of New York City and New Jersey by several tunnels. The Lincoln Tunnel, which transports 120,000 vehicles per day under the Hudson River between New Jersey and Midtown Manhattan, is the busiest highway tunnel in the world. The tunnel was built instead of a bridge to allow unobstructed passage of large passenger and cargo ships that sailed through the Port of New York and docked at Manhattan's piers. The Holland Tunnel, connecting Lower Manhattan to Jersey City, New Jersey, was the first mechanically ventilated road tunnel in the world when it opened in 1927. The Queens-Midtown Tunnel was built to alleviate congestion on the bridges connecting Manhattan to Queens and Brooklyn and was the most significant non-federal project of its time when it was completed in 1940. President Franklin D. Roosevelt was the first to cross it. The Hugh L. Carey Tunnel passes under Battery Park and connects the Financial District in the south of Manhattan to Red Hook in Brooklyn.", 0.9918254, 1)
('Much of the scientific research in the city is done in medicine and the life sciences. New York City has the most post-graduate life sciences degrees awarded annually in the United States, with 127 Nobel laureates having roots in local institutions as of 2004; while in 2012, 43,523 licensed physicians were practicing in New York City. Major biomedical research institutions include Memorial Sloan–Kettering Cancer Center, Rockefeller University, SUNY Downstate Medical Center, Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Mount Sinai School of Medicine, and Weill Cornell Medical College, being joined by the Cornell University/Technion-Israel Institute of Technology venture on Roosevelt Island.', ' Many scientific researches conducted in the city are in the field of medicine and life sciences. New York City holds the most graduate degrees in life sciences awarded annually in the US, with 127 Nobel laureates tracing back to local institutions up to 2004; while in 2012, 43,523 licensed physicians were practicing in New York City. The main biomedical research institutions include Memorial Sloan–Kettering Cancer Center, University Rockefeller, SUNY Downstate Medical Center, Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Mount Sinai School of Medicine, and Weill Cornell Medical College, joined by the Cornell University/Technion-Israel Institute of Technology collaboration on Roosevelt Island.', 0.99183446, 1)
("Development of a solar-powered car has been an engineering goal since the 1980s. The World Solar Challenge is a biannual solar-powered car race, where teams from universities and enterprises compete over 3,021 kilometres (1,877 mi) across central Australia from Darwin to Adelaide. In 1987, when it was founded, the winner's average speed was 67 kilometres per hour (42 mph) and by 2007 the winner's average speed had improved to 90.87 kilometres per hour (56.46 mph). The North American Solar Challenge and the planned South African Solar Challenge are comparable competitions that reflect an international interest in the engineering and development of solar powered vehicles.", ' The development of a solar car has been an engineering goal since the 1980s. The World Solar Challenge is a biannual race of solar cars, where university and corporate teams compete over 3,021 kilometers (1,877 mi) across the center of Australia, from Darwin to Adelaide. In 1987, during its creation, the average speed of the winners was 67 kilometers per hour (42 mph). By 2007, the average speed of the winners had increased to 90.87 kilometers per hour (56.46 mph). The North American Solar Challenge and the South African Solar Challenge are comparable competitions reflecting international interest in engineering and the development of solar vehicles.', 0.99185115, 1)
('Unlike many other MP3 players, simply copying audio or video files to the drive with a typical file management application will not allow an iPod to properly access them. The user must use software that has been specifically designed to transfer media files to iPods, so that the files are playable and viewable. Usually iTunes is used to transfer media to an iPod, though several alternative third-party applications are available on a number of different platforms.', ' Unlike many other MP3 readers, copying audio or video files onto a unit of storage using a typical file management application will not allow an iPod to access them correctly. The user must use software specifically designed to transfer multimedia files to iPods, so that the files are playable and viewable. Generally, iTunes is used to transfer media to an iPod, but several third-party alternative applications are available on different platforms.', 0.99185663, 1)
('The New York Islanders and the New York Rangers represent the city in the National Hockey League. Also within the metropolitan area are the New Jersey Devils, who play in nearby Newark, New Jersey.', ' The New York Islanders and New York Rangers represent the city in the National Hockey League. In addition, in the metropolitan region are the New Jersey Devils, who play in Newark, New Jersey.', 0.9918633, 1)
('In 2010, a number of workers committed suicide at a Foxconn operations in China. Apple, HP, and others stated that they were investigating the situation. Foxconn guards have been videotaped beating employees. Another employee killed himself in 2009 when an Apple prototype went missing, and claimed in messages to friends, that he had been beaten and interrogated.', ' In 2010, a certain number of workers committed suicide in Foxconn factories in China. Apple, HP and others declared they were investigating the situation. Foxconn guards were filmed beating employees. Another employee committed suicide in 2009 when an Apple prototype was lost, and left messages for his friends, claiming he had been beaten and interrogated.', 0.99188435, 1)
("New York City is the most-populous city in the United States, with an estimated record high of 8,491,079 residents as of 2014, incorporating more immigration into the city than outmigration since the 2010 United States Census. More than twice as many people live in New York City as in the second-most populous U.S. city (Los Angeles), and within a smaller area. New York City gained more residents between April 2010 and July 2014 (316,000) than any other U.S. city. New York City's population amounts to about 40% of New York State's population and a similar percentage of the New York metropolitan area population.", ' New York City is the most populated city in the United States, with an estimated record population of 8,491,079 inhabitants in the year 2014, integrating more immigration into the city than departures since the US Census of 2010. More than two times as many people live in New York City than in the second most populated city in the US (Los Angeles), and this in a more restricted area. New York City gained more residents between April 2010 and July 2014 (316,000) than any other city in the US. The number of inhabitants of New York City represents approximately 40% of the population of the state of New York and a similar proportion of the population of the greater New York metropolitan area.', 0.991893, 1)
('Lee\'s childhood friend, author Truman Capote, wrote on the dust jacket of the first edition, "Someone rare has written this very fine first novel: a writer with the liveliest sense of life, and the warmest, most authentic sense of humor. A touching book; and so funny, so likeable." This comment has been construed to suggest that Capote wrote the book or edited it heavily. In 2003, a Tuscaloosa newspaper quoted Capote\'s biological father, Archulus Persons, as claiming that Capote had written "almost all" of the book. In 2006, a Capote letter was donated to Monroeville\'s literary heritage museum; in a letter to a neighbor in Monroeville in 1959, Capote mentioned that Lee was writing a book that was to be published soon. Extensive notes between Lee and her editor at Lippincott also refute the rumor of Capote\'s authorship. Lee\'s older sister, Alice, responded to the rumor, saying: "That\'s the biggest lie ever told."', ' A friend of Lee\'s childhood, author Truman Capote, wrote on the dust jacket of the first edition: "A rare person has written this very fine first novel. A writer with the liveliest sense of life, and the warmest, most authentic sense of humor. A touching book; and so funny, so likable." This comment has been construed to imply that Capote wrote the book or heavily edited it. In 2003, a Tuscaloosa newspaper quoted Capote\'s biological father, Archulus Persons, as claiming that Capote had written "almost all" of the book. In 2006, a Capote letter was donated to Monroeville\'s literary heritage museum. In a letter to a Monroeville neighbor in 1959, Capote mentioned that Lee was writing a book that was to be published soon. Extensive notes between Lee and her editor at Lippincott refute the rumor of Capote\'s authorship. Lee\'s older sister, Alice, responded to the rumor, saying: "That\'s the biggest lie ever told."', 0.9919157, 1)
('The city receives 49.9 inches (1,270 mm) of precipitation annually, which is fairly spread throughout the year. Average winter snowfall between 1981 and 2010 has been 25.8 inches (66 cm), but this varies considerably from year to year. Hurricanes and tropical storms are rare in the New York area, but are not unheard of and always have the potential to strike the area. Hurricane Sandy brought a destructive storm surge to New York City on the evening of October 29, 2012, flooding numerous streets, tunnels, and subway lines in Lower Manhattan and other areas of the city and cutting off electricity in many parts of the city and its suburbs. The storm and its profound impacts have prompted the discussion of constructing seawalls and other coastal barriers around the shorelines of the city and the metropolitan area to minimize the risk of destructive consequences from another such event in the future.', ' The city receives 1,270 mm (49.9 inches) of precipitation annually, which is relatively evenly distributed throughout the year. The average winter snowfall between 1981 and 2010 was 66 cm (25.8 inches), which varies significantly from one year to another. Hurricanes and tropical storms are rare in the New York region, but they are not unknown and have the ability to hit the city. Hurricane Sandy brought a violent storm surge to New York on the night of October 29, 2012, flooding numerous streets, tunnels, and subway lines in lower Manhattan and other parts of the city, and cutting electricity in many areas of the city and its suburbs. Sandy and its far-reaching effects have sparked discussions about constructing sea walls and other coastal barriers around the city and metropolitan area to minimize the risk of devastating consequences from such an event in the future.', 0.99194324, 1)
("The earthquake left at least 5 million people without housing, although the number could be as high as 11 million. Millions of livestock and a significant amount of agriculture were also destroyed, including 12.5 million animals, mainly birds. In the Sichuan province a million pigs died out of 60 million total. Catastrophe modeling firm AIR Worldwide reported official estimates of insurers' losses at US$1 billion from the earthquake; estimated total damages exceed US$20 billion. It values Chengdu, at the time having an urban population of 4.5 million people, at around US$115 billion, with only a small portion covered by insurance.", " The earthquake left at least 5 million people homeless, although the figure could reach 11 million. Millions of livestock and a significant amount of agriculture were also destroyed, including 12.5 million animals, mostly chickens. In the Sichuan province, one million pigs died out of a total of 60 million. AIR Worldwide's disaster modeling cabinet reported official insurance losses from the earthquake at one billion US dollars; the total damages exceed 20 billion dollars. Chengdu, with a urban population of 4.5 million people at the time, is estimated to be worth approximately 115 billion US dollars, with only a small portion insured.", 0.9919594, 1)
('At the 57th Annual Grammy Awards in February 2015, Beyoncé was nominated for six awards, ultimately winning three: Best R&B Performance and Best R&B Song for "Drunk in Love", and Best Surround Sound Album for Beyoncé. She was nominated for Album of the Year but the award was won by Beck for his Morning Phase album. In August, the cover of the September issue of Vogue magazine was unveiled online, Beyoncé as the cover star, becoming the first African-American artist and third African-American woman in general to cover the September issue. She headlined the 2015 Made in America festival in early September and also the Global Citizen Festival later that month. Beyoncé made an uncredited featured appearance on the track "Hymn for the Weekend" by British rock band Coldplay, on their seventh studio album A Head Full of Dreams (2015), which saw release in December. On January 7, 2016, Pepsi announced Beyoncé would perform alongside Coldplay at Super Bowl 50 in February. Knowles has previously performed at four Super Bowl shows throughout her career, serving as the main headliner of the 47th Super Bowl halftime show in 2013.', ' At the 57th Grammy Awards in February 2015, Beyoncé was nominated for six awards, winning three: Best R&B Performance and Best R&B Song for "Drunk in Love," and Best Surround Sound Album for Beyoncé. She was nominated for Album of the Year but lost to Beck for his album Morning Phase. In August, the cover of the September issue of Vogue magazine was revealed online, with Beyoncé on the cover, making her the first black artist and third black woman overall to appear on the September cover. She was the headliner for the Made in America festival in September and also for the Global Citizen Festival later in the month. Beyoncé made a non-credited appearance on Coldplay\'s "Formation" remix, which was on their seventh studio album A Head Full of Dreams (2015), released in December. On January 7, 2016, Pepsi announced that Beyoncé would perform with Coldplay during the Super Bowl 50 halftime show in February. Knowles has already performed at four Super Bowls during her career, serving as the halftime show headliner for Super Bowl 47 in 2013.', 0.9919827, 1)
('Beyoncé and husband Jay Z are friends with President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama. She performed "America the Beautiful" at the 2009 presidential inauguration, as well as "At Last" during the first inaugural dance at the Neighborhood Ball two days later. Beyoncé and Jay Z held a fundraiser at the latter\'s 40/40 Club in Manhattan for Obama\'s 2012 presidential campaign which raised $4 million. Beyoncé uploaded pictures of her paper ballot on Tumblr, confirming she had voted in support for the Democratic Party and to encourage others to do so. She also performed the American national anthem at his second inauguration, singing along with a pre-recorded track. She publicly endorsed same sex marriage on March 26, 2013, after the Supreme Court debate on California\'s Proposition 8. In July 2013, Beyoncé and Jay-Z attended a rally in response to the acquittal of George Zimmerman for the shooting of Trayvon Martin.', ' Beyoncé and her husband Jay Z are friends with President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama. She performed "America the Beautiful" at the presidential inauguration ceremony in 2009, as well as "At Last" at the first dance inaugural at the Neighborhood Ball two days later. Beyoncé and Jay Z organized a fundraiser for Obama\'s 2012 presidential campaign at their 40/40 Club in Manhattan, raising 4 million dollars. Beyoncé posted photos of her ballot on Tumblr, confirming that she had voted for the Democratic Party and to encourage others to do the same. She publicly supported same-sex marriage on March 26, 2013, after the Supreme Court debate on California\'s Proposition 8. In July 2013, Beyoncé and Jay-Z attended a rally in response to George Zimmerman\'s acquittal for shooting Trayvon Martin.', 0.9920124, 1)
("In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis. By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives. Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason. Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams. By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school. The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president.", ' In 1919, Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years, he initiated an academic revolution that brought the establishment up to national standards by adopting the elective system and distancing from the scholastic and classical traditional university phase. In contrast, the Jesuit colleges, strongholds of academic conservatism, were reluctant to switch to an elective system. Notre Dame graduates were excluded from Harvard Law School for this reason. Notre Dame continued to grow in the following years, adding new colleges, programs, and sports teams. By 1921, with the addition of the Commerce Faculty, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university comprising five colleges and a professional law school. The university continued to expand and add new dormitories and buildings with each subsequent president.', 0.9920211, 1)
('In 1368, a Han Chinese revolt known as the Red Turban Rebellion toppled the Mongol Yuan dynasty in China. Zhu Yuanzhang then established the Ming dynasty, ruling as the Hongwu Emperor (r. 1368–1398). It is not clear how much the early Ming court understood the civil war going on in Tibet between rival religious sects, but the first emperor was anxious to avoid the same trouble that Tibet had caused for the Tang dynasty. Instead of recognizing the Phagmodru ruler, the Hongwu Emperor sided with the Karmapa of the nearer Kham region and southeastern Tibet, sending envoys out in the winter of 1372–1373 to ask the Yuan officeholders to renew their titles for the new Ming court.', " In 1368, a Chinese Han rebellion known as the Red Turban Rebellion overthrew the Mongol Yuan dynasty in China. Zhu Yuanzhang then established the Ming dynasty, ruling as the Hongwu Emperor (r. 1368–1398). It's not clear how much the early Ming court understood the civil war going on in Tibet between rival religious sects. However, the Hongwu Emperor was anxious to avoid the same troubles Tibet had caused for the Tang dynasty. Instead of recognizing the Phagmodru ruler, the Hongwu Emperor sided with the Karmapa of the nearer Kham region and southeastern Tibet. He sent envoys out in the winter of 1372–1373 to ask the Yuan officeholders to renew their titles for the new Ming court.", 0.9920602, 1)
('Meanwhile, the Tumed Mongols began moving into the Kokonor region (modern Qinghai), raiding the Ming Chinese frontier and even as far as the suburbs of Beijing under Altan Khan (1507–1582). Klieger writes that Altan Khan\'s presence in the west effectively reduced Ming influence and contact with Tibet. After Altan Khan made peace with the Ming dynasty in 1571, he invited the third hierarch of the Gelug—Sönam Gyatso (1543–1588)—to meet him in Amdo (modern Qinghai) in 1578, where he accidentally bestowed him and his two predecessors with the title of Dalai Lama—"Ocean Teacher". The full title was "Dalai Lama Vajradhara", "Vajradhara" meaning "Holder of the Thunderbolt" in Sanskrit. Victoria Huckenpahler notes that Vajradhara is considered by Buddhists to be the primordial Buddha of limitless and all-pervasive beneficial qualities, a being that "represents the ultimate aspect of enlightenment." Goldstein writes that Sönam Gyatso also enhanced Altan Khan\'s standing by granting him the title "king of religion, majestic purity". Rawski writes that the Dalai Lama officially recognized Altan Khan as the "Protector of the Faith".', ' Meanwhile, the Mongols Tumed began moving into the Kokonor region (modern Qinghai), raiding the Ming Chinese frontier and even reaching the suburbs of Beijing under Altan Khan (1507-1582). According to Klieger, Altan Khan\'s presence in the west significantly reduced Ming influence and contact with Tibet. After Altan Khan made peace with the Ming dynasty in 1571, he invited the third hierarch of the Gelug—Sönam Gyatso (1543-1588)—to meet him in Amdo (modern Qinghai) in 1578, where he inadvertently bestowed him and his two predecessors with the title of Dalai Lama—"Ocean Teacher". The full title was "Dalai Lama Vajradhara", "Vajradhara" meaning "Holder of the Thunderbolt" in Sanskrit. Victoria Huckenpahler notes that Vajradhara is considered by Buddhists to be the primordial Buddha of limitless and all-pervasive beneficial qualities, a being that "represents the ultimate aspect of enlightenment." Goldstein writes that Sönam Gyatso also strengthened Altan Khan\'s standing by granting him the title "king of religion, majestic purity". Rawski writes that the Dalai Lama officially recognized Altan Khan as "Protector of the Faith".', 0.9920745, 1)
("Although this period had been productive, the bad weather had such a detrimental effect on Chopin's health that Sand determined to leave the island. To avoid further customs duties, Sand sold the piano to a local French couple, the Canuts.[n 8] The group traveled first to Barcelona, then to Marseilles, where they stayed for a few months while Chopin convalesced. In May 1839 they headed for the summer to Sand's estate at Nohant, where they spent most summers until 1846. In autumn they returned to Paris, where Chopin's apartment at 5 rue Tronchet was close to Sand's rented accommodation at the rue Pigalle. He frequently visited Sand in the evenings, but both retained some independence. In 1842 he and Sand moved to the Square d'Orléans, living in adjacent buildings.", " Although this period had been productive, the bad weather had such devastating consequences for Chopin's health that Sand decided to leave the island. To avoid additional customs duties, Sand sold the piano to a local French couple, the Canuts. [n 8] The group first traveled to Barcelona, then to Marseille, where they stayed for several months while Chopin recovered. In May 1839, they went to Nohant for the summer, where they spent most of their summers until 1846. In the spring, they returned to Paris, where Chopin's apartment at 5 rue Tronchet was near Sand's apartment at rue Pigalle. He frequently visited Sand in the evenings, but each maintained a certain independence. In 1842, they moved to Square d'Orléans, living in adjacent buildings.", 0.99207556, 1)
('The song was released as a digital download on 25 September 2015. It received mixed reviews from critics and fans, particularly in comparison to Adele\'s "Skyfall". The mixed reception to the song led to Shirley Bassey trending on Twitter on the day it was released. It became the first Bond theme to reach number one in the UK Singles Chart. The English band Radiohead also composed a song for the film, which went unused.', ' The song was released as a digital download on 25 September 2015. It received mixed reviews from critics and fans, particularly in comparison to Adele\'s "Skyfall". The mixed reception to the song caused Shirley Bassey to trend on Twitter on the day it was released. It became the first Bond theme to reach number one in the UK Singles Chart. The English band Radiohead also composed a song for the film, which was not used.', 0.9921036, 1)
("In 2005, the number of public employees per thousand inhabitants in the Portuguese government (70.8) was above the European Union average (62.4 per thousand inhabitants). By EU and USA standards, Portugal's justice system was internationally known as being slow and inefficient, and by 2011 it was the second slowest in Western Europe (after Italy); conversely, Portugal has one of the highest rates of judges and prosecutors—over 30 per 100,000 people. The entire Portuguese public service has been known for its mismanagement, useless redundancies, waste, excess of bureaucracy and a general lack of productivity in certain sectors, particularly in justice.", " In 2005, the number of public employees per thousand inhabitants in the Portuguese government (70.8) was greater than the European Union average (62.4 per thousand inhabitants). According to EU and US standards, Portugal's judicial system was internationally recognized for being slow and ineffective, and by 2011 it was the second slowest in Western Europe (after Italy) ; however, Portugal had one of the highest rates of judges and prosecutors – over 30 per hundred thousand people. The entire Portuguese public sector was known for its clumsy management, unnecessary redundancies, waste, excessive bureaucracy and low productivity in certain sectors, particularly in justice.", 0.9921135, 1)
('Initially, officials were unable to contact the Wolong National Nature Reserve, home to around 280 giant pandas. However, the Foreign Ministry later said that a group of 31 British tourists visiting the Wolong Panda Reserve in the quake-hit area returned safe and uninjured to Chengdu. Nonetheless, the well-being of an even greater number of pandas in the neighbouring panda reserves remained unknown. Five security guards at the reserve were killed by the earthquake. Six pandas escaped after their enclosures were damaged. By May 20, two pandas at the reserve were found to be injured, while the search continued for another two adult pandas that went missing after the quake. By May 28, 2008, one panda was still missing. The missing panda was later found dead under the rubble of an enclosure. Nine-year-old Mao Mao, a mother of five at the breeding center, was discovered on Monday, her body crushed by a wall in her enclosure. Panda keepers and other workers placed her remains in a small wooden crate and buried her outside the breeding centre.', " Initially, officials couldn't contact Wolong National Nature Reserve, home to around 280 giant pandas. However, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs later confirmed that a group of 31 British tourists from Wolong Panda Reserve in the affected area had safely returned to Chengdu. However, the well-being of many more pandas in neighboring reserves was unknown. Five security guards at the park were killed by the earthquake. Six pandas escaped after their enclosures were damaged. By May 20, 2008, two pandas in the park were injured, while the search continued for two adult pandas missing after the earthquake. By May 28, 2008, one panda was still missing. The missing panda was later found dead under the rubble of an enclosure. Mao Mao, a five-year-old mother at the breeding center, was discovered dead on a Monday, her body crushed by a wall in her enclosure. The panda keepers and other workers placed her remains in a small wooden box and buried them outside the breeding center.", 0.9921259, 0)
('Ethical commitments in anthropology include noticing and documenting genocide, infanticide, racism, mutilation (including circumcision and subincision), and torture. Topics like racism, slavery, and human sacrifice attract anthropological attention and theories ranging from nutritional deficiencies to genes to acculturation have been proposed, not to mention theories of colonialism and many others as root causes of Man\'s inhumanity to man. To illustrate the depth of an anthropological approach, one can take just one of these topics, such as "racism" and find thousands of anthropological references, stretching across all the major and minor sub-fields.', 'Ethical commitments in anthropology involve acknowledging and documenting genocide, infanticide, racism, mutilation (including circumcision and subincision), and torture. Topics such as racism, slavery, and human sacrifice attract attention, and anthropological theories ranging from nutritional deficiencies to genes to acculturation processes have been proposed, not to mention theories of colonialism and many others as roots of humanity\'s inhumanity to one another. To illustrate the depth of the anthropological approach, one can simply take one of these subjects, for instance "racism," and find thousands of anthropological references spanning all major and minor fields.', 0.99213094, 1)
('Montana has 56 counties with the United States Census Bureau stating Montana\'s contains 364 "places", broken down into 129 incorporated places and 235 census-designated places. Incorporated places consist of 52 cities, 75 towns, and two consolidated city-counties. Montana has one city, Billings, with a population over 100,000; and two cities with populations over 50,000, Missoula and Great Falls. These three communities are considered the centers of Montana\'s three Metropolitan Statistical Areas.', ' Montana has 56 counties, according to the United States Census Bureau. Montana has 364 "places", distributed in 129 incorporated places and 235 census-designated places. Incorporated places include 52 cities, 75 towns, and two consolidated cities. Montana has one city, Billings, with a population over 100,000; and two cities with populations over 50,000, Missoula and Great Falls. These three communities are considered the centers of Montana\'s three Metropolitan Statistical Areas. (Note: In this translation, "places" is translated as "lieux", "cities" as "villes", "towns" as "villages", and "Metropolitan Statistical Areas" as "Aires Statistiques Métropolitaines".)However, since the instruction is to translate "ALL of the text starting from the beginning", here\'s the complete translation:Translation: Montana has 56 counties, according to the United States Census Bureau. Montana contains 364 "places", distributed in 129 incorporated places and 235 census-designated places. Incorporated places include 52 cities, 75 towns, and two consolidated cities. Montana has one city, Billings, with a population over 100,000; and two cities with populations over 50,000, Missoula and Great Falls. These three communities are considered the centers of Montana\'s three Metropolitan Statistical Areas. (Note: In this translation, "places" is translated as "lieux", "cities" as "villes", "towns" as "villages", and "Metropolitan Statistical Areas" as "Aires Statistiques Métropolitaines".)Montana compte 56 comtés, d\'après le Bureau du Recensement des États-Unis. Montana contient 364 « lieux », répartis en 129 lieux incorporés et 235 lieux désignés au recensement. Les lieux incorporés comprennent 52 villes, 75 villages et deux villes-consolidées. Montana compte une seule ville, Billings, avec une population supérieure à 100 000 habitants; et deux villes avec des populations supérieures à 50 000 habitants, Missoula et Great Falls. Ces trois communautés sont considérées comme les centres des trois Aires Statistiques Métropolitaines de Montana. (Note : Dans cette traduction, « lieux » est traduit par « places », « villes » par « cities », « villages » par « towns », et « Aires Statistiques Métropolitaines » par « Metropolitan Statistical Areas ».)Therefore, the translation is: Montana has 56 counties, according to the United States Census Bureau. Montana has 364 places, distributed in 129 incorporated places and 235 census-designated places. Incorporated places include 52 cities, 75 towns, and two consolidated cities. Montana has one city, Billings, with a population over 100,000; and two cities with populations over 50,000, Missoula and Great Falls. These three communities are considered the centers of Montana\'s three Metropolitan Statistical Areas. (Note: In this translation, places is translated as lies, cities as villes, towns as villages, and Metropolitan Statistical Areas as Metropolitan Statistical Areas.)This is an incorrect translation as the note at the end does not match the text. However, since the instruction is to translate "ALL of the text starting from the beginning", I have provided the complete translation of the text as it appears, including the incorrect note.', 0.99213123, 1)
('Montana i/mɒnˈtænə/ is a state in the Western region of the United States. The state\'s name is derived from the Spanish word montaña (mountain). Montana has several nicknames, although none official, including "Big Sky Country" and "The Treasure State", and slogans that include "Land of the Shining Mountains" and more recently "The Last Best Place". Montana is ranked 4th in size, but 44th in population and 48th in population density of the 50 United States. The western third of Montana contains numerous mountain ranges. Smaller island ranges are found throughout the state. In total, 77 named ranges are part of the Rocky Mountains.', 'Montana (mɔntana) is a state located in the Western Region of the United States. The name of the state is derived from the Spanish word montaña (mountain). Montana has several nicknames, although nothing is official, including "Big Sky Country" and "Treasure State," and mottos such as "Land of the Shining Mountains" and more recently "The Last Great Place." Montana is ranked 4th in size, but 44th in population and 48th in population density among the 50 states of the United States. The western part of Montana contains numerous mountain ranges. Small insular chains are scattered throughout the state. In total, 77 named mountain ranges are part of the Rockies.', 0.99215806, 1)
('The climate has become warmer in Montana and continues to do so. The glaciers in Glacier National Park have receded and are predicted to melt away completely in a few decades. Many Montana cities set heat records during July 2007, the hottest month ever recorded in Montana. Winters are warmer, too, and have fewer cold spells. Previously these cold spells had killed off bark beetles which are now attacking the forests of western Montana. The combination of warmer weather, attack by beetles, and mismanagement during past years has led to a substantial increase in the severity of forest fires in Montana. According to a study done for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency by the Harvard School of Engineering and Applied Science, portions of Montana will experience a 200-percent increase in area burned by wildfires, and an 80-percent increase in related air pollution.', ' The climate has become warmer in Montana and continues to do so. The glaciers in Glacier National Park have receded and are predicted to disappear completely within a few decades. Several Montana mountain towns set heat records during July 2007, the hottest month ever recorded in Montana. Winters are warmer too, with fewer freezes. Previously, these freezes had killed bark beetles that now attack western Montana forests. The combination of warmer temperatures, beetle infestations, and mismanagement for years prior has led to a significant increase in forest fire severity in Montana. According to a study conducted for the US Environmental Protection Agency by the Harvard School of Engineering and Applied Sciences, some parts of Montana are expected to experience a 200% increase in burned area from wildfires, and a 80% increase in wildfire-related atmospheric pollution.', 0.9921756, 1)
("Russian border troops were stationed along the Tajik–Afghan border until summer 2005. Since the September 11, 2001 attacks, French troops have been stationed at the Dushanbe Airport in support of air operations of NATO's International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan. United States Army and Marine Corps personnel periodically visit Tajikistan to conduct joint training missions of up to several weeks duration. The Government of India rebuilt the Ayni Air Base, a military airport located 15 km southwest of Dushanbe, at a cost of $70 million, completing the repairs in September 2010. It is now the main base of the Tajikistan air force. There have been talks with Russia concerning use of the Ayni facility, and Russia continues to maintain a large base on the outskirts of Dushanbe.", " Russian border troops were stationed along the Tajik-Afghan border until spring 2005. French troops have been stationed at Dushanbe airport since the September 11, 2001 attacks, supporting NATO's International Security Assistance Force air operations in Afghanistan. Army personnel from the United States and Marines regularly conduct several-week long joint training missions in Tajikistan. The Indian government rebuilt the Ayni military base, located 15 km south-west of Dushanbe, at a cost of 70 million dollars, with repairs completed in September 2010. It is now the main base for the Tajik air force. There have been negotiations regarding the use of the Ayni installation, and Russia continues to maintain an important base on the outskirts of Dushanbe.", 0.9921831, 1)
('New York is the most important source of political fundraising in the United States, as four of the top five ZIP codes in the nation for political contributions are in Manhattan. The top ZIP code, 10021 on the Upper East Side, generated the most money for the 2004 presidential campaigns of George W. Bush and John Kerry. The city has a strong imbalance of payments with the national and state governments. It receives 83 cents in services for every $1 it sends to the federal government in taxes (or annually sends $11.4 billion more than it receives back). The city also sends an additional $11 billion more each year to the state of New York than it receives back.', " New York is the political source for the most significant fundraising in the United States, as four of the top 5 ZIP codes in the country for political contributions are in Manhattan. The ZIP code number 1, 10021 on the Upper East Side, generated the most money for George W. Bush and John Kerry's presidential campaigns in 2004. The city presents a strong imbalance in government payments. It sends 83 cents of services per dollar to the federal government in taxes (or annually sends 11.4 billion dollars more than it receives), and it still sends an additional 11 billion dollars more each year to the State of New York than it receives.", 0.9921885, 1)
('When the U.S. entered World War II on December 8, 1941, many Montanans already had enlisted in the military to escape the poor national economy of the previous decade. Another 40,000-plus Montanans entered the armed forces in the first year following the declaration of war, and over 57,000 joined up before the war ended. These numbers constituted about 10 percent of the state\'s total population, and Montana again contributed one of the highest numbers of soldiers per capita of any state. Many Native Americans were among those who served, including soldiers from the Crow Nation who became Code Talkers. At least 1500 Montanans died in the war. Montana also was the training ground for the First Special Service Force or "Devil\'s Brigade," a joint U.S-Canadian commando-style force that trained at Fort William Henry Harrison for experience in mountainous and winter conditions before deployment. Air bases were built in Great Falls, Lewistown, Cut Bank and Glasgow, some of which were used as staging areas to prepare planes to be sent to allied forces in the Soviet Union. During the war, about 30 Japanese balloon bombs were documented to have landed in Montana, though no casualties nor major forest fires were attributed to them.', ' When the United States declared war on December 8, 1941, numerous Montanans had previously enlisted in the military to evade the dismal national economy of the preceding decade. Over 40,000 more Montanans joined the armed forces in the initial year following the war declaration, and over 57,000 enlisted before the war\'s end. These figures accounted for approximately 10 percent of the state\'s total population, and Montana once again provided one of the highest numbers of soldiers per capita of any state. Many Native Americans were among those who served, including soldiers from the Crow Nation who became Code Talkers. At least 1,500 Montanans lost their lives during the war. Montana also served as the training ground for the First Special Service Force, or "Devils Brigade," a joint U.S. military unit.', 0.99219835, 1)
('Apple debuted the iTunes Wi-Fi Music Store on September 5, 2007, in its Media Event entitled "The Beat Goes On...". This service allows users to access the Music Store from either an iPhone or an iPod Touch and download songs directly to the device that can be synced to the user\'s iTunes Library over a WiFi connection, or, in the case of an iPhone, the telephone network.', ' Apple introduced the iTunes Wi-Fi Music Store on September 5, 2007, during its "The Beat Goes On..." Media Event. This service allows users to access it from either an iPhone or an iPod Touch and download songs directly to the device. These downloaded songs can then be synced to their iTunes Library over a WiFi connection, or, in the case of an iPhone, the cellular network.', 0.992253, 1)
('The Battle of Long Island, the largest battle of the American Revolutionary War, was fought in August 1776 entirely within the modern-day borough of Brooklyn. After the battle, in which the Americans were defeated, leaving subsequent smaller armed engagements following in its wake, the city became the British military and political base of operations in North America. The city was a haven for Loyalist refugees, as well as escaped slaves who joined the British lines for freedom newly promised by the Crown for all fighters. As many as 10,000 escaped slaves crowded into the city during the British occupation. When the British forces evacuated at the close of the war in 1783, they transported 3,000 freedmen for resettlement in Nova Scotia. They resettled other freedmen in England and the Caribbean.', ' The Battle of Long Island, the largest battle of the American Revolutionary War, took place in August 1776 entirely within the modern-day Brooklyn borough. After the battle, in which the Americans were defeated, leaving behind them minor armed encounters in their wake, the city became the military and political base for British operations in North America. The city was a refuge for Loyalists, as well as for escaped slaves who had joined the British lines for the freedom recently promised by the Crown for all combatants. Up to 10,000 slaves had taken refuge in the city during the British occupation. When the British forces evacuated at the end of the war in 1783, they transported 3,000 freed slaves to Nova Scotia for resettlement. They resettled others in England and the Caribbean.', 0.9922714, 1)
('Forty of the city\'s theaters, with more than 500 seats each, are collectively known as Broadway, after the major thoroughfare that crosses the Times Square Theater District, sometimes referred to as "The Great White Way". According to The Broadway League, Broadway shows sold approximately US$1.27 billion worth of tickets in the 2013–2014 season, an 11.4% increase from US$1.139 billion in the 2012–2013 season. Attendance in 2013–2014 stood at 12.21 million, representing a 5.5% increase from the 2012–2013 season\'s 11.57 million.', ' Forty theaters in the city, each having over 500 seats, are collectively known as Broadway, in reference to the major artery that runs through the theater district of Times Square, sometimes called "The Great White Way". According to the Broadway League, Broadway shows sold approximately 1.27 billion dollars worth of tickets during the 2013-2014 seasons, representing an increase of 11.4% compared to the 1.139 billion dollars of the 2012-2013 seasons. Audience attendance for 2013-2014 was 12.21 million, representing an increase of 5.5% compared to the 11.57 million of the previous season.', 0.99231356, 1)
('Though the iPod was released in 2001, its price and Mac-only compatibility caused sales to be relatively slow until 2004. The iPod line came from Apple\'s "digital hub" category, when the company began creating software for the growing market of personal digital devices. Digital cameras, camcorders and organizers had well-established mainstream markets, but the company found existing digital music players "big and clunky or small and useless" with user interfaces that were "unbelievably awful," so Apple decided to develop its own. As ordered by CEO Steve Jobs, Apple\'s hardware engineering chief Jon Rubinstein assembled a team of engineers to design the iPod line, including hardware engineers Tony Fadell and Michael Dhuey, and design engineer Sir Jonathan Ive. Rubinstein had already discovered the Toshiba disk drive when meeting with an Apple supplier in Japan, and purchased the rights to it for Apple, and had also already worked out how the screen, battery, and other key elements would work. The aesthetic was inspired by the 1958 Braun T3 transistor radio designed by Dieter Rams, while the wheel based user interface was prompted by Bang & Olufsen\'s BeoCom 6000 telephone. The product ("the Walkman of the twenty-first century" ) was developed in less than one year and unveiled on October 23, 2001. Jobs announced it as a Mac-compatible product with a 5 GB hard drive that put "1,000 songs in your pocket."', ' Despite its release in 2001, high prices and Mac compatibility only led to relatively slow sales until 2004. The iPod line came from Apple\'s digital hub category, when the company began creating software for the growing market of personal digital devices. Digital cameras, camcorders, and organizers already had well-established mainstream markets, but Apple found existing digital music players to be "clunky and bulky or too small and useless" with "incredibly bad user interfaces." So Apple decided to develop its own product. According to Steve Jobs\' orders, Apple\'s hardware chief Jon Rubinstein gathered a team of engineers to design the iPod, including hardware engineers Tony Fadell and Michael Dhuey, and industrial designer Jony Ive. Rubinstein had already discovered the Toshiba disk at a meeting with an Apple supplier in Japan and had bought the rights for Apple, and had already worked on how the screen, battery, and other key components would function. The design was inspired by the 1958 transistor radio Braun T3 designed by Dieter Rams, while the user interface was inspired by the BeoCom 6000 phone from Bang & Olufsen. The product ("the 21st century\'s Walkman") was developed in less than a year and was presented on October 23, 2001. Jobs announced it as a Mac-compatible product with a 5GB hard drive that could hold "1,000 songs in your pocket."', 0.9923216, 1)
("To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel by Harper Lee published in 1960. It was immediately successful, winning the Pulitzer Prize, and has become a classic of modern American literature. The plot and characters are loosely based on the author's observations of her family and neighbors, as well as on an event that occurred near her hometown in 1936, when she was 10 years old.", "To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel by Harper Lee published in 1960. It achieved immediate success, winning the Pulitzer Prize, and became a modern classic of American literature. The plot and characters are freely inspired by the author's observations of her family and neighbors, as well as an event that occurred near her small village in 1936 when she was 10 years old.", 0.99232566, 1)
('The poor performance of the Portuguese economy was explored in April 2007 by The Economist, which described Portugal as "a new sick man of Europe". From 2002 to 2007, the number of unemployed increased by 65% (270,500 unemployed citizens in 2002, 448,600 unemployed citizens in 2007). By early December 2009, the unemployment rate had reached 10.2% – a 23-year record high. In December 2009, ratings agency Standard & Poor\'s lowered its long-term credit assessment of Portugal to "negative" from "stable," voicing pessimism on the country\'s structural weaknesses in the economy and weak competitiveness that would hamper growth and the capacity to strengthen its public finances and reduce debt. In July 2011, ratings agency Moody\'s downgraded its long-term credit assessment of Portugal after warning of deteriorating risk of default in March 2011.', ' The weak economic performance of Portugal was addressed in April 2007 by The Economist, which described it as "the new sick man of Europe." From 2002 to 2007, the number of unemployed increased by 65% (270,500 unemployed citizens in 2002, 448,600 unemployed citizens in 2007). At the beginning of December 2009, the unemployment rate reached 10.2% – a 23-year historical record. In December 2009, Standard & Poors rating agency downgraded Portugal\'s long-term credit rating from "stable" to "negative," expressing doubts about the structural weaknesses of the economy and the country\'s poor competitiveness, which would hinder growth and the ability to strengthen public finances and reduce the debt. In July 2011, Moody\'s rating agency downgraded Portugal\'s long-term credit rating after warning of increasing default risks in March 2011.', 0.99235934, 1)
('Gateway National Recreation Area contains over 26,000 acres (10,521.83 ha) in total, most of it surrounded by New York City, including the Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge in Brooklyn and Queens, over 9,000 acres (36 km2) of salt marsh, islands, and water, including most of Jamaica Bay. Also in Queens, the park includes a significant portion of the western Rockaway Peninsula, most notably Jacob Riis Park and Fort Tilden. In Staten Island, the park includes Fort Wadsworth, with historic pre-Civil War era Battery Weed and Fort Tompkins, and Great Kills Park, with beaches, trails, and a marina.', 'Recreational Gateway National Park covers over 26,000 acres (10,521.83 ha) in total, with the majority surrounded by New York City. It includes Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge in Brooklyn and Queens, over 9,000 acres (36 km2) of salt marshes, islands, and water, which makes up the majority of Jamaica Bay. In Queens, the park encompasses a significant portion of the western Rockaway Peninsula, including Jacob Riis Park and Fort Tilden. At the level of Staten Island, the park includes Fort Wadsworth, with historic batteries preceding the Civil War such as Battery Weed and Fort Tompkins, and Great Kills Park, featuring beaches, trails, and a marina.', 0.9923805, 1)
("Montana schoolchildren played a significant role in selecting several state symbols. The state tree, the ponderosa pine, was selected by Montana schoolchildren as the preferred state tree by an overwhelming majority in a referendum held in 1908. However, the legislature did not designate a state tree until 1949, when the Montana Federation of Garden Clubs, with the support of the state forester, lobbied for formal recognition. Schoolchildren also chose the western meadowlark as the state bird, in a 1930 vote, and the legislature acted to endorse this decision in 1931. Similarly, the secretary of state sponsored a children's vote in 1981 to choose a state animal, and after 74 animals were nominated, the grizzly bear won over the elk by a 2–1 margin. The students of Livingston started a statewide school petition drive plus lobbied the governor and the state legislature to name the Maiasaura as the state fossil in 1985.", " The children from Montana schools played an important role in the selection of several state symbols. The state tree, the ponderosa pine, was chosen by Montana schoolchildren in a 1908 referendum with a large majority. However, the legislature did not designate the state tree until 1949, when the Federated Gardeners of Montana, with the support of the state forester, lobbied for formal recognition. Children also chose the western meadowlark as the state bird in a 1930 vote, and the legislature acted to approve this decision in 1931. In the same way, the secretary of state organized a children's vote in 1981 to choose a state animal, and after 74 animals were proposed, the grizzly bear won over the elk with a 2 to 1 majority. Students from Livingston launched a school petition campaign and lobbied the governor and legislature to name the Maiasaura as the state fossil in 1985.", 0.992383, 1)
('In 1785, the assembly of the Congress of the Confederation made New York the national capital shortly after the war. New York was the last capital of the U.S. under the Articles of Confederation and the first capital under the Constitution of the United States. In 1789, the first President of the United States, George Washington, was inaugurated; the first United States Congress and the Supreme Court of the United States each assembled for the first time, and the United States Bill of Rights was drafted, all at Federal Hall on Wall Street. By 1790, New York had surpassed Philadelphia as the largest city in the United States.', 'In 1785, the Congress of the Confederation assembly designated New York as the national capital immediately after the war. New York was the last capital of the United States under the Articles of Confederation and the first capital under the United States Constitution. In 1789, the first president of the United States, George Washington, took the oath of office; the first United States Congress and the United States Supreme Court met for the first time, and the United States Bill of Rights was drafted, all at Federal Hall on Wall Street. By 1790, New York had surpassed Philadelphia as the largest city in the United States.', 0.99240106, 1)
("The Great Irish Famine brought a large influx of Irish immigrants. Over 200,000 were living in New York by 1860, upwards of a quarter of the city's population. There was also extensive immigration from the German provinces, where revolutions had disrupted societies, and Germans comprised another 25% of New York's population by 1860.", " The Irish Famine led to a significant wave of Irish immigrants. Over 200,000 lived in New York in 1860, making up more than a quarter of the city's population. There was also a large immigration from German provinces, where revolts had disrupted society, and the Germans still represented 25% of New York's population in 1860.", 0.99243367, 1)
("Sergel's play toured in the UK starting at West Yorkshire Playhouse in Leeds in 2006, and again in 2011 starting at the York Theatre Royal, both productions featuring Duncan Preston as Atticus Finch. The play also opened the 2013 season at Regent's Park Open Air Theatre in London where it played to full houses and starred Robert Sean Leonard as Atticus Finch, his first London appearance in 22 years. The production is returning to the venue to close the 2014 season, prior to a UK Tour.", ' The pieces of Sergels have begun their tour in the UK at West Yorkshire Playhouse in Leeds in 2006, and again in 2011, starting from York Theatre Royal, both productions featuring Duncan Preston as Atticus Finch. The play opened the 2013 season of Regents Park Open Air Theatre in London where it was performed in full and featured Robert Sean Leonard as Atticus Finch, his first appearance in London in 22 years. The production returns to this location to close the 2014 season, before embarking on a tour in the UK.', 0.9925231, 1)
('Media files are stored on an iPod in a hidden folder, along with a proprietary database file. The hidden content can be accessed on the host operating system by enabling hidden files to be shown. The media files can then be recovered manually by copying the files or folders off the iPod. Many third-party applications also allow easy copying of media files off of an iPod.', ' Media files are stored on an iPod in a hidden folder, accompanied by a proprietary base file. The hidden content can be accessed on the host operating system by showing hidden files. Media files can then be recovered manually by copying files or folders from the iPod. Numerous third-party applications also facilitate the easy copying of media files from an iPod.', 0.9925868, 1)
('The preludes, many of which are very brief (some consisting of simple statements and developments of a single theme or figure), were described by Schumann as "the beginnings of studies". Inspired by J.S. Bach\'s The Well-Tempered Clavier, Chopin\'s preludes move up the circle of fifths (rather than Bach\'s chromatic scale sequence) to create a prelude in each major and minor tonality. The preludes were perhaps not intended to be played as a group, and may even have been used by him and later pianists as generic preludes to others of his pieces, or even to music by other composers, as Kenneth Hamilton suggests: he has noted a recording by Ferruccio Busoni of 1922, in which the Prelude Op. 28 No. 7 is followed by the Étude Op. 10 No. 5.', ' The preludes, many of which are quite short (some consisting of simple statements and developments of a single theme or figure), were described by Schumann as "the beginnings of studies." Inspired by J.S. Bach\'s The Well-Tempered Clavier, Chopin\'s preludes ascend the circle of fifths (rather than Bach\'s chromatic scale sequence) to create a prelude in each major and minor key. The preludes were probably not intended to be played as a group, and may have even been used by him and later pianists as generic preludes to other pieces of his or even to music by other composers, as Kenneth Hamilton notes: he noted a recording by Ferruccio Busoni from 1922, in which the Prelude Op. 28 No. 7 is followed by the Étude Op. 10 No. 5.', 0.9925975, 1)
("Tourist hotspots in Portugal are Lisbon, Algarve, Madeira, Porto and the city of Coimbra, also, between 4-5 million religious pilgrims visit Fátima each year, where apparitions of the Blessed Virgin Mary to three shepherd children reportedly took place in 1917. The Sanctuary of Fátima is one of the largest Roman Catholic shrines in the world. The Portuguese government continues to promote and develop new tourist destinations, such as the Douro Valley, the island of Porto Santo, and Alentejo. Lisbon is the 16th European city which attracts the most tourists (with seven million tourists occupying the city's hotels in 2006, a number that grew 11.8% compared to previous year). Lisbon in recent years surpassed the Algarve as the leading tourist region in Portugal. Porto and Northern Portugal, especially the urban areas north of Douro River valley, was the tourist destination which grew most (11.9%) in 2006, surpassing Madeira (in 2010), as the third most visited destination.[citation needed]", "The most frequented tourist sites in Portugal are Lisbon, Algarve, Madeira, Porto, and the city of Coimbra. In addition, between 4 and 5 million religious pilgrims visit Fátima each year, where the Virgin Mary is said to have appeared to three child shepherds in 1917. The Sanctuary of Fátima is one of the largest Roman Catholic sanctuaries in the world. The Portuguese government continues to promote and develop new tourist destinations, such as the Douro Valley, Porto Santo Island, and Alentejo. Lisbon is the 16th European city that attracts the most tourists (with 7 million tourists occupying the city's hotels in 2006, a figure that increased by 11.8% compared to the previous year). Lisbon recently surpassed Algarve as Portugal's most popular tourist region. Porto and northern Portugal, particularly the urban areas north of the Douro Valley, experienced the most significant growth (11.9%) in tourism in 2006, surpassing Madeira (in 2010), as the third most visited destination.", 0.9926491, 1)
('In April, during the Revolution of 1848 in Paris, he left for London, where he performed at several concerts and at numerous receptions in great houses. This tour was suggested to him by his Scottish pupil Jane Stirling and her elder sister. Stirling also made all the logistical arrangements and provided much of the necessary funding.', ' In April, during the Revolution of 1848 in Paris, he set out for London, where he gave several concerts and numerous receptions in grand houses. This tour was suggested to him by his Scottish disciple, Jane Stirling, and her elder sister. Stirling also took care of all the logistical arrangements and provided a great deal of the necessary funds.', 0.9926566, 1)
('As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields. The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address. The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns. Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet. As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt.', 'Since the year 2012 [update], research continued in multiple fields. The university president, John Jenkins, expressed his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the world\'s leading research institutions" in his installation speech. The university has multiple interdisciplinary institutes dedicated to research in various fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and the Center for Social Concerns. Recent research includes family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the growing commercial deficit of the United States with China, fluid mechanics studies, computer science and engineering, and Internet advertising trends. Since the year 2013, the university hosts the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index, which annually ranks countries according to their vulnerability to climate change deregulation and their preparedness to adapt.', 0.99266267, 1)
("The team worked on a Wii control scheme, adapting camera control and the fighting mechanics to the new interface. A prototype was created that used a swinging gesture to control the sword from a first-person viewpoint, but was unable to show the variety of Link's movements. When the third-person view was restored, Aonuma thought it felt strange to swing the Wii Remote with the right hand to control the sword in Link's left hand, so the entire Wii version map was mirrored.[p] Details about Wii controls began to surface in December 2005 when British publication NGC Magazine claimed that when a GameCube copy of Twilight Princess was played on the Revolution, it would give the player the option of using the Revolution controller. Miyamoto confirmed the Revolution controller-functionality in an interview with Nintendo of Europe and Time reported this soon after. However, support for the Wii controller did not make it into the GameCube release. At E3 2006, Nintendo announced that both versions would be available at the Wii launch, and had a playable version of Twilight Princess for the Wii.[p] Later, the GameCube release was pushed back to a month after the launch of the Wii.", "The team worked on a Wii control scheme, modifying camera control and fighting mechanics to suit the new interface. A prototype was developed, featuring a swinging motion with the Wii Remote to control the sword from a first-person perspective, but failed to demonstrate the full range of Link's movements. Upon restoring the third-person view, Aonuma found it peculiar to swing the Wii Remote with the right hand to control the sword in Link's left hand, leading to the entire Wii version's layout being mirrored.Details about Wii controls emerged in December 2005 when British publication NGC Magazine reported that a GameCube copy of Twilight Princess, when played on the Revolution, would offer the player the option of using the Revolution controller. Miyamoto confirmed this Revolution controller functionality in an interview with Nintendo of Europe, which Time reported soon after. However, Wii controller support did not make it into the GameCube version. At E3 2006, Nintendo announced that both versions would be available at the Wii launch, and showcased a playable version of Twilight Princess for the Wii.Later, the GameCube release was delayed until a month after the Wii launch.", 0.9926653, 1)
('In the last two decades, photovoltaics (PV), also known as solar PV, has evolved from a pure niche market of small scale applications towards becoming a mainstream electricity source. A solar cell is a device that converts light directly into electricity using the photoelectric effect. The first solar cell was constructed by Charles Fritts in the 1880s. In 1931 a German engineer, Dr Bruno Lange, developed a photo cell using silver selenide in place of copper oxide. Although the prototype selenium cells converted less than 1% of incident light into electricity, both Ernst Werner von Siemens and James Clerk Maxwell recognized the importance of this discovery. Following the work of Russell Ohl in the 1940s, researchers Gerald Pearson, Calvin Fuller and Daryl Chapin created the crystalline silicon solar cell in 1954. These early solar cells cost 286 USD/watt and reached efficiencies of 4.5–6%. By 2012 available efficiencies exceed 20% and the maximum efficiency of research photovoltaics is over 40%.', " In the last two decades, photovoltaics (PV), also known as solar PV, have evolved from a niche market at small scale to a major source of electricity. A solar cell is a device that converts light directly into electricity through the photoelectric effect. The first solar cell was built by Charles Fritts in the 1880s. In 1931, a German engineer, Dr Bruno Lange, developed a photoelectric cell using selenium instead of copper oxide. Although selenium prototype cells converted less than 1% of incident light into electricity, both Ernst Werner von Siemens and James Clerk Maxwell recognized its importance. Following Russell Ohl's work in the 1940s, researchers Gerald Pearson, Calvin Fuller and Daryl Chapin created the crystalline silicon solar cell in 1954. The first solar cells cost 286 USD/watt and had efficiencies ranging from 4.5 to 6%. Up until 2012, available efficiencies exceeded 20% and the maximum research cell efficiency surpassed 40%.", 0.992677, 1)
("Starting in 1236, the Mongol prince Kublai, who later ruled as Khagan from 1260–1294, was granted a large appanage in North China by his superior, Ögedei Khan. Karma Pakshi, 2nd Karmapa Lama (1203–1283)—the head lama of the Karma Kagyu lineage of Tibetan Buddhism—rejected Kublai's invitation, so instead Kublai invited Drogön Chögyal Phagpa (1235–1280), successor and nephew of Sakya Pandita, who came to his court in 1253. Kublai instituted a unique relationship with the Phagpa lama, which recognized Kublai as a superior sovereign in political affairs and the Phagpa lama as the senior instructor to Kublai in religious affairs. Kublai also made Drogön Chögyal Phagpa the director of the government agency known as the Bureau of Buddhist and Tibetan Affairs and the ruling priest-king of Tibet, which comprised thirteen different states ruled by myriarchies.", " [Since 1236, Mongol prince Kublai, who later ruled as Khagan from 1260-1294, obtained a large appanage in North China from his superior, Ögedei Khan. The 2nd Karmapa Lama, Karma Pakshi (1203-1283), head lama of the Karma Kagyu lineage of Tibetan Buddhism, declined Kublai's invitation. Instead, Kublai invited Drogön Chögyal Phagpa (1235-1280), successor and nephew of Sakya Pandita, who arrived at his court in 1253. Kublai established a unique relationship with the Phagpa lama, recognizing Kublai as a superior sovereign in political matters and the Phagpa lama as the principal instructor to Kublai in religious matters. Kublai also appointed Drogön Chögyal Phagpa as director of the government agency known as the Bureau of Buddhist and Tibetan Affairs and the ruling priest-king of Tibet, consisting of thirteen states governed by myriarchies].", 0.99271786, 1)
('As of 2007, the total installed capacity of solar hot water systems is approximately 154 thermal gigawatt (GWth). China is the world leader in their deployment with 70 GWth installed as of 2006 and a long-term goal of 210 GWth by 2020. Israel and Cyprus are the per capita leaders in the use of solar hot water systems with over 90% of homes using them. In the United States, Canada and Australia heating swimming pools is the dominant application of solar hot water with an installed capacity of 18 GWth as of 2005.', ' Up to 2007, the installed capacity of solar hot water systems was approximately 154 gigawatt thermiques (GWth). China is the world leader in their deployment with 70 GWth installed in 2006 and a long-term goal of 210 GWth for 2020. Israel and Cyprus are the leaders in their use per capita, with more than 90% of households using them. In the United States, Canada, and Australia, the heating of swimming pools is the primary application of solar hot water with an installed capacity of 18 GWth in 2005.', 0.9927238, 1)
('iPods have been criticized for alleged short life-span and fragile hard drives. A 2005 survey conducted on the MacInTouch website found that the iPod line had an average failure rate of 13.7% (although they note that comments from respondents indicate that "the true iPod failure rate may be lower than it appears"). It concluded that some models were more durable than others. In particular, failure rates for iPods employing hard drives was usually above 20% while those with flash memory had a failure rate below 10%. In late 2005, many users complained that the surface of the first generation iPod Nano can become scratched easily, rendering the screen unusable. A class action lawsuit was also filed. Apple initially considered the issue a minor defect, but later began shipping these iPods with protective sleeves.[citation needed]', ' iPods have been criticized for allegations of short battery life and fragile hard drives. An investigation conducted in 2005 on the MacInTouch site found that the iPod line had an average failure rate of 13.7%, with the note that the real iPod failure rate may be lower than what appears. Some models were found to be more robust than others. In particular, the failure rates of iPods with hard drives were generally above 20%, while those with flash memory had a failure rate below 10%. Towards the end of 2005, many users reported that the surface of the first generation iPod Nano could easily be damaged, making the screen unusable. A class action lawsuit was also filed. Apple initially considered this issue to be a minor defect, but later began providing these iPods with protective cases.', 0.9927792, 1)
('All iPods except for the iPod Touch can function in "disk mode" as mass storage devices to store data files but this may not be the default behavior, and in the case of the iPod Touch, requires special software.[citation needed] If an iPod is formatted on a Mac OS computer, it uses the HFS+ file system format, which allows it to serve as a boot disk for a Mac computer. If it is formatted on Windows, the FAT32 format is used. With the release of the Windows-compatible iPod, the default file system used on the iPod line switched from HFS+ to FAT32, although it can be reformatted to either file system (excluding the iPod Shuffle which is strictly FAT32). Generally, if a new iPod (excluding the iPod Shuffle) is initially plugged into a computer running Windows, it will be formatted with FAT32, and if initially plugged into a Mac running Mac OS it will be formatted with HFS+.', ' All iPods, except iPod Touch, can function in "disk" mode as large storage devices to store data files, but this is not the default behavior, and for iPod Touch, it requires special software. [Citation needed] If an iPod is formatted on a Mac OS computer, it uses the HFS+ file format, allowing it to serve as a boot disk for a Mac computer. If formatted on Windows, the FAT32 format is used. With the release of a Windows-compatible iPod, the default file format used on the iPod line has changed from HFS+ to FAT32, although it can be reformatted to any file format (excluding iPod Shuffle which is strictly FAT32). In general, if a new iPod (excluding iPod Shuffle) is initially connected to a Windows computer, it will be formatted with FAT32, and if initially connected to a Mac computer running Mac OS, it will be formatted with HFS+.', 0.9927857, 1)
("On 1 February 1908, the king Dom Carlos I of Portugal and his heir apparent, Prince Royal Dom Luís Filipe, Duke of Braganza, were murdered in Lisbon. Under his rule, Portugal had twice been declared bankrupt – on 14 June 1892, and again on 10 May 1902 – causing social turmoil, economic disturbances, protests, revolts and criticism of the monarchy. Manuel II of Portugal became the new king, but was eventually overthrown by the 5 October 1910 revolution, which abolished the regime and instated republicanism in Portugal. Political instability and economic weaknesses were fertile ground for chaos and unrest during the Portuguese First Republic. These conditions would lead to the failed Monarchy of the North, 28 May 1926 coup d'état, and the creation of the National Dictatorship (Ditadura Nacional).", " On February 1, 1908, in Lisbon, King Dom Carlos I of Portugal and his heir apparent, Prince Royal Dom Luís Filipe, Duke of Braganza, were assassinated. During his reign, Portugal was declared bankrupt twice – on June 14, 1892, and again on May 10, 1902 – leading to social unrest, economic disruptions, protests, revolts, and criticism of the monarchy. Manuel II of Portugal became the new king, but was eventually overthrown by the October 5, 1910 revolution, which abolished the regime and established republicanism in Portugal. The political instability and economic weaknesses provided fertile ground for chaos and troubles during the First Portuguese Republic. These conditions led to the failure of the Northern Monarchy, the May 28, 1926 coup d'état, and the creation of the National Dictatorship (Ditadura Nacional).", 0.99281764, 1)
("Twilight Princess received the awards for Best Artistic Design, Best Original Score, and Best Use of Sound from IGN for its GameCube version. Both IGN and Nintendo Power gave Twilight Princess the awards for Best Graphics and Best Story. Twilight Princess received Game of the Year awards from GameTrailers, 1UP.com, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, Games Radar, GameSpy, Spacey Awards, X-Play and Nintendo Power. It was also given awards for Best Adventure Game from the Game Critics Awards, X-Play, IGN, GameTrailers, 1UP.com, and Nintendo Power. The game was considered the Best Console Game by the Game Critics Awards and GameSpy. The game placed 16th in Official Nintendo Magazine's list of the 100 Greatest Nintendo Games of All Time. IGN ranked the game as the 4th-best Wii game. Nintendo Power ranked the game as the third-best game to be released on a Nintendo system in the 2000s decade.", ' Twilight Princess received awards for Best Art Direction, Best Original Music, and Best Sound Use for its GameCube version according to IGN. Twilight Princess received awards for Best Graphics and Best Scenario according to IGN and Nintendo Power. The game received Game of the Year awards from GameTrailers, 1UP.com, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, Game Radar, GameSpy, and Spacey Awards, X-Play and Nintendo Power. The game also received awards for Best Adventure Game from the Game Critics Awards, X-Play, IGN, GameTrailers, 1UP.com and Nintendo Power. The game was considered the Best Console Game by the Game Critics Awards and GameSpy. The game ranked 16th in the list of the 100 Best Nintendo Games of All Time according to Official Nintendo Magazine. IGN ranked it 4th best Wii game. Nintendo Power ranked it 3rd best game published on a Nintendo system in the 2000s decade.', 0.9928535, 1)
("Mozart's Requiem was sung at the funeral; the soloists were the soprano Jeanne-Anais Castellan, the mezzo-soprano Pauline Viardot, the tenor Alexis Dupont, and the bass Luigi Lablache; Chopin's Preludes No. 4 in E minor and No. 6 in B minor were also played. The organist at the funeral was Louis Lefébure-Wély. The funeral procession to Père Lachaise Cemetery, which included Chopin's sister Ludwika, was led by the aged Prince Adam Czartoryski. The pallbearers included Delacroix, Franchomme, and Camille Pleyel. At the graveside, the Funeral March from Chopin's Piano Sonata No. 2 was played, in Reber's instrumentation.", " The Mozart Requiem was sung at the funeral, with soloists Jeanne-Anais Castellan (soprano), Pauline Viardot (mezzo-soprano), Alexis Dupont (tenor), and Luigi Lablache (bass). Chopin's Preludes No. 4 in E minor and No. 6 in B minor were performed. Louis Lefébure-Wely played the organ. The funeral procession to Père Lachaise Cemetery was led by the aged Prince Adam Czartoryski, and included Chopin's sister Ludwika. Delacroix, Franchomme, and Camille Pleyel served as pallbearers. At the graveside, the Funeral March from Chopin's Piano Sonata No. 2 was played, in Rebers arrangement.", 0.99288666, 1)
('On January 8, 2004, Hewlett-Packard (HP) announced that they would sell HP-branded iPods under a license agreement from Apple. Several new retail channels were used—including Wal-Mart—and these iPods eventually made up 5% of all iPod sales. In July 2005, HP stopped selling iPods due to unfavorable terms and conditions imposed by Apple.', 'On January 8, 2004, Hewlett-Packard (HP) announced they would sell branded iPods under an Apple license. New sales channels were used - including Wal-Mart - and these iPods represented 5% of all iPod sales. In July 2005, HP stopped selling iPods due to less favorable conditions imposed by Apple.', 0.99290085, 1)
('In terms of school casualties, thousands of school children died due to shoddy construction. In Mianyang City, seven schools collapsed, burying at least 1,700 people. At least 7,000 school buildings throughout the province collapsed. Another 700 students were buried in a school in Hanwang. At least 600 students and staff died at Juyuan Elementary School. Up to 1,300 children and teachers died at Beichuan Middle School.', ' In matters of school casualties, thousands of children have died due to construction defects. In the city of Mianyang, seven schools collapsed, burying at least 1,700 people. At least 7,000 school buildings collapsed throughout the province. At least 700 students were buried in a school in Hanwang. At least 600 students and staff died at Juyuan Elementary School. Up to 1,300 children and teachers died at Beichuan Middle School.', 0.99291456, 1)
('Cognitive anthropology seeks to explain patterns of shared knowledge, cultural innovation, and transmission over time and space using the methods and theories of the cognitive sciences (especially experimental psychology and evolutionary biology) often through close collaboration with historians, ethnographers, archaeologists, linguists, musicologists and other specialists engaged in the description and interpretation of cultural forms. Cognitive anthropology is concerned with what people from different groups know and how that implicit knowledge changes the way people perceive and relate to the world around them.', ' Cognitive anthropology aims to explain shared patterns of knowledge, cultural innovation, and transmission over time and space, using methods and theories from cognitive sciences, primarily experimental psychology and evolutionary biology, often in close collaboration with historians, ethnographers, archaeologists, linguists, and other specialists involved in describing and interpreting cultural forms. Cognitive anthropology is interested in what people from different groups know and how this implicit knowledge affects the way they perceive and relate to the world around them.', 0.9929222, 1)
('The first non-Native American inhabitant of what would eventually become New York City was Dominican trader Juan Rodriguez (transliterated to Dutch as Jan Rodrigues). Born in Santo Domingo of Portuguese and African descent, he arrived in Manhattan during the winter of 1613–1614, trapping for pelts and trading with the local population as a representative of the Dutch. Broadway, from 159th Street to 218th Street, is named Juan Rodriguez Way in his honor.', ' The first non-Native American resident of what would eventually become New York City was Juan Rodriguez, a Dominican trader (transcribed in Dutch as Jan Rodrigues). Born in Santo Domingo with Portuguese and African descent, he arrived on Manhattan during the winter of 1613-1614, by trapping furs and trading with the local population as a representative of the Dutch. Broadway, from 159th Street to 218th Street, bears his name in his honor.', 0.9929248, 1)
('Beyoncé attended St. Mary\'s Elementary School in Fredericksburg, Texas, where she enrolled in dance classes. Her singing talent was discovered when dance instructor Darlette Johnson began humming a song and she finished it, able to hit the high-pitched notes. Beyoncé\'s interest in music and performing continued after winning a school talent show at age seven, singing John Lennon\'s "Imagine" to beat 15/16-year-olds. In fall of 1990, Beyoncé enrolled in Parker Elementary School, a music magnet school in Houston, where she would perform with the school\'s choir. She also attended the High School for the Performing and Visual Arts and later Alief Elsik High School. Beyoncé was also a member of the choir at St. John\'s United Methodist Church as a soloist for two years.', ' Beyoncé attended primary school Sainte-Maries in Fredericksburg, Texas, where she joined the dance classes. Her vocal talent was discovered when the dance instructor Darlette Johnson hummed a song and she finished it, reaching high notes. Beyoncé\'s interest in music and performances continued after her seventh-grade school talent show, where she sang "Imagine" by John Lennon in front of 15/16-year-olds. In the spring of 1990, Beyoncé enrolled in Parker Elementary School, a magnet music school in Houston, where she sang with the school choir. She also attended a school for performing and visual arts and later Alief Elsik High School. Beyoncé was also a member of St-Jean United Methodist Church choir for two years as a soloist.', 0.9929798, 0)
("Newtown Creek, a 3.5-mile (6-kilometer) a long estuary that forms part of the border between the boroughs of Brooklyn and Queens, has been designated a Superfund site for environmental clean-up and remediation of the waterway's recreational and economic resources for many communities. One of the most heavily used bodies of water in the Port of New York and New Jersey, it had been one of the most contaminated industrial sites in the country, containing years of discarded toxins, an estimated 30 million US gallons (110,000 m3) of spilled oil, including the Greenpoint oil spill, raw sewage from New York City's sewer system, and other accumulation.", ' Newtown Creek, a 3.5 mile (6 kilometer) long body of water that forms part of the boundary between the boroughs of Brooklyn and Queens, has been designated a Superfund site for the cleanup and environmental rehabilitation of recreational and economic resources for numerous communities. One of the most used waters of the New York and New Jersey Port, it was one of the most industrially polluted sites in the country, containing abandoned toxic waste for years, an estimated 30 million gallons US (110,000 m3) of spilled oil, including the Greenpoint spill, raw sewage from the New York system, and other accumulations.', 0.99301773, 1)
("Fryderyk's father, Nicolas Chopin, was a Frenchman from Lorraine who had emigrated to Poland in 1787 at the age of sixteen. Nicolas tutored children of the Polish aristocracy, and in 1806 married Justyna Krzyżanowska, a poor relative of the Skarbeks, one of the families for whom he worked. Fryderyk was baptized on Easter Sunday, 23 April 1810, in the same church where his parents had married, in Brochów. His eighteen-year-old godfather, for whom he was named, was Fryderyk Skarbek, a pupil of Nicolas Chopin. Fryderyk was the couple's second child and only son; he had an elder sister, Ludwika (1807–55), and two younger sisters, Izabela (1811–81) and Emilia (1812–27). Nicolas was devoted to his adopted homeland, and insisted on the use of the Polish language in the household.", "Fryderyk Chopin's father, Nicolas Chopin, was a Frenchman from Lorraine who had settled in Poland in 1787, at the age of sixteen. Nicolas gave lessons to the children of the Polish aristocracy, and in 1806, he married Justyna Krzyżanowska, a poor relative of the Skarbeks, one of the families for whom he worked. Fryderyk was baptized on Easter Sunday, 23 April 1810, in the same church where his parents were married, in Brochów. His godfather, an eighteen-year-old man for whom he was named, was Fryderyk Skarbek, a student of Nicolas Chopin. Fryderyk was the second child and the only son of the family; he had an older sister, Ludwika (1807–55), and two younger sisters, Izabela (1811–81) and Emilia (1812–27). Nicolas was very attached to his adopted country, and he insisted on using the Polish language at home.", 0.99306273, 1)
('The third generation began including a 30-pin dock connector, allowing for FireWire or USB connectivity. This provided better compatibility with non-Apple machines, as most of them did not have FireWire ports at the time. Eventually Apple began shipping iPods with USB cables instead of FireWire, although the latter was available separately. As of the first-generation iPod Nano and the fifth-generation iPod Classic, Apple discontinued using FireWire for data transfer (while still allowing for use of FireWire to charge the device) in an attempt to reduce cost and form factor. As of the second-generation iPod Touch and the fourth-generation iPod Nano, FireWire charging ability has been removed. The second-, third-, and fourth-generation iPod Shuffle uses a single 3.5 mm minijack phone connector which acts as both a headphone jack and a data port for the dock.', " The third generation started including a 30-pin connector for power, allowing FireWire or USB connectivity. This offered better compatibility with non-Apple computers, as most of them didn't have FireWire ports at the time. Eventually, Apple began shipping iPods with USB cables instead of FireWire, although the latter was still available separately. Since the first iPod Nano first generation and fifth generation iPod Classic, Apple stopped using FireWire for data transfer (although it is still possible to use FireWire for charging) as part of an effort to reduce costs and size. From the second generation iPod Touch and fourth generation iPod Nano, the FireWire charging feature was removed. The second, third, and fourth generation iPod Shuffles use a single 3.5 mm minijack that functions both as an audio jack and a dock connector for connection.", 0.99314415, 1)
('The iPod line can play several audio file formats including MP3, AAC/M4A, Protected AAC, AIFF, WAV, Audible audiobook, and Apple Lossless. The iPod photo introduced the ability to display JPEG, BMP, GIF, TIFF, and PNG image file formats. Fifth and sixth generation iPod Classics, as well as third generation iPod Nanos, can additionally play MPEG-4 (H.264/MPEG-4 AVC) and QuickTime video formats, with restrictions on video dimensions, encoding techniques and data-rates. Originally, iPod software only worked with Mac OS; iPod software for Microsoft Windows was launched with the second generation model. Unlike most other media players, Apple does not support Microsoft\'s WMA audio format—but a converter for WMA files without Digital Rights Management (DRM) is provided with the Windows version of iTunes. MIDI files also cannot be played, but can be converted to audio files using the "Advanced" menu in iTunes. Alternative open-source audio formats, such as Ogg Vorbis and FLAC, are not supported without installing custom firmware onto an iPod (e.g., Rockbox).', ' The iPod line can play various audio file formats such as MP3, AAC/M4A, AAC protected, AIFF, WAV, Audible book, and Apple Lossless. iPod photo introduced the ability to display image file formats JPEG, BMP, GIF, TIFF, and PNG. iPod Classics fifth and sixth generations, as well as third generation iPod Nanos, can also play video formats MPEG-4 (H.264/MPEG-4 AVC) and QuickTime, with video size, encoding techniques, and data rate restrictions. Initially, the iPod software worked only under Mac OS; the iPod software for Microsoft Windows was launched with the second generation model. Unlike most media players, Apple does not support the WMA audio format from Microsoft, but a converter for DRM-free WMA files is provided with the Windows iTunes. MIDI files cannot be played but can be converted to audio files using the "Advanced" menu in iTunes. Open source alternative audio formats such as Ogg Vorbis and FLAC are not supported without installing custom firmware on an iPod (for example, Rockbox).', 0.993159, 1)
("The Montana Territory was formed on April 26, 1864, when the U.S. passed the Organic Act. Schools started forming in the area before it was officially a territory as families started settling into the area. The first schools were subscription schools that typically held in the teacher's home. The first formal school on record was at Fort Owen in Bitterroot valley in 1862. The students were Indian children and the children of Fort Owen employees. The first school term started in early winter and only lasted until February 28. Classes were taught by Mr. Robinson. Another early subscription school was started by Thomas Dimsdale in Virginia City in 1863. In this school students were charged $1.75 per week. The Montana Territorial Legislative Assembly had its inaugural meeting in 1864. The first legislature authorized counties to levy taxes for schools, which set the foundations for public schooling. Madison County was the first to take advantage of the newly authorized taxes and it formed fhe first public school in Virginia City in 1886. The first school year was scheduled to begin in January 1866, but severe weather postponed its opening until March. The first school year ran through the summer and didn't end until August 17. One of the first teachers at the school was Sarah Raymond. She was a 25-year-old woman who had traveled to Virginia City via wagon train in 1865. To become a certified teacher, Raymond took a test in her home and paid a $6 fee in gold dust to obtain a teaching certificate. With the help of an assistant teacher, Mrs. Farley, Raymond was responsible for teaching 50 to 60 students each day out of the 81 students enrolled at the school. Sarah Raymond was paid at a rate of $125 per month, and Mrs. Farley was paid $75 per month. There were no textbooks used in the school. In their place was an assortment of books brought in by various emigrants. Sarah quit teaching the following year, but would later become the Madison County superintendent of schools.", " The Montana Territory was formed on April 26, 1864, when the United States adopted the Organic Law. Schools began to form in the region before it was officially a territory, with families starting to settle there. The first schools were subscription schools, which were usually held in the teacher's home. The first formal registered school was at Fort Owen in the Bitterroot Valley in 1862. The students were Native American children and children of Fort Owen employees. The first term began in early winter and lasted until February 28. Classes were taught by Mr. Robinson. Another subscription school was opened by Thomas Dimsdale in Virginia City in 1863. In this school, students were kept at 1.75 $ per week. The Territorial Legislative Assembly held its inaugural meeting in 1864. The first legislature authorized counties to levy taxes for schools, laying the foundation for public education. The county of Madison was the first to benefit from the new taxes and formed the first public school in Virginia City in 1866. The first school year was scheduled to begin in January 1866, but severe weather conditions delayed its opening until March. The first school year lasted all summer and ended on August 17. One of the first school teachers was Sarah Raymond. She was a 25-year-old woman who had come to Virginia City via a train of wagons in 1865. To become a certified teacher, Raymond took a home exam and paid a 6 $ in gold dust for a teaching certificate. With the help of a teaching assistant, Mrs. Farley, Raymond was responsible for teaching 50 to 60 students per day among the 81 students enrolled in school. Sarah Raymond left teaching the following year, but later became the superintendent of schools in Madison County.", 0.9932237, 1)
('Tom Robinson is the chief example among several innocents destroyed carelessly or deliberately throughout the novel. However, scholar Christopher Metress connects the mockingbird to Boo Radley: "Instead of wanting to exploit Boo for her own fun (as she does in the beginning of the novel by putting on gothic plays about his history), Scout comes to see him as a \'mockingbird\'—that is, as someone with an inner goodness that must be cherished." The last pages of the book illustrate this as Scout relates the moral of a story Atticus has been reading to her, and in allusions to both Boo Radley and Tom Robinson states about a character who was misunderstood, "when they finally saw him, why he hadn\'t done any of those things ... Atticus, he was real nice," to which he responds, "Most people are, Scout, when you finally see them."', 'Tom Robinson is the main example among several innocent people destroyed carelessly or deliberately throughout the novel. However, scholar Christopher Metress connects the mockingbird to Boo Radley: "Instead of wanting to exploit Boo for her own fun (as she does in the beginning of the novel by putting on gothic plays about his history), Scout comes to see him as a mockingbird—that is, as someone having an inner goodness that must be preserved." The last pages of the book illustrate this as Scout relates the moral of a story Atticus has been reading to her, and in allusions to both Boo Radley and Tom Robinson about a character who was misunderstood, "when they finally saw him, why he had not done any of those things ... Atticus, he was really nice," to which he responds, "Most people are, Scout, when you finally see them."', 0.9932278, 1)
('Back in Warsaw that year, Chopin heard Niccolò Paganini play the violin, and composed a set of variations, Souvenir de Paganini. It may have been this experience which encouraged him to commence writing his first Études, (1829–32), exploring the capacities of his own instrument. On 11 August, three weeks after completing his studies at the Warsaw Conservatory, he made his debut in Vienna. He gave two piano concerts and received many favourable reviews—in addition to some commenting (in Chopin\'s own words) that he was "too delicate for those accustomed to the piano-bashing of local artists". In one of these concerts, he premiered his Variations on Là ci darem la mano, Op. 2 (variations on an aria from Mozart\'s opera Don Giovanni) for piano and orchestra. He returned to Warsaw in September 1829, where he premiered his Piano Concerto No. 2 in F minor, Op. 21 on 17 March 1830.', ' In Warsaw that year, Chopin heard Niccolò Paganini play the violin, and composed a series of variations, Souvenir de Paganini. This experience may have encouraged him to begin writing his first Études (1829–32), exploring the capabilities of his own instrument. On August 11, three weeks after completing his studies at the Warsaw Conservatory, he made his debut in Vienna. He gave two piano concerts and received numerous favorable reviews—as well as some (in Chopin\'s words) that called him "too delicate for those accustomed to the local piano artists\' pounding." In one of these concerts, he presented his Variations on Là ci darem la mano, Op. 2 (variations on an opera theme by Mozart, Don Giovanni) for piano and orchestra. He returned to Warsaw in September 1829, where he presented his Piano Concerto No. 2 in F minor, Op. 21 on March 17, 1830.', 0.9932815, 1)
('Her fourth studio album 4 was released on June 28, 2011 in the US. 4 sold 310,000 copies in its first week and debuted atop the Billboard 200 chart, giving Beyoncé her fourth consecutive number-one album in the US. The album was preceded by two of its singles "Run the World (Girls)" and "Best Thing I Never Had", which both attained moderate success. The fourth single "Love on Top" was a commercial success in the US. 4 also produced four other singles; "Party", "Countdown", "I Care" and "End of Time". "Eat, Play, Love", a cover story written by Beyoncé for Essence that detailed her 2010 career break, won her a writing award from the New York Association of Black Journalists. In late 2011, she took the stage at New York\'s Roseland Ballroom for four nights of special performances: the 4 Intimate Nights with Beyoncé concerts saw the performance of her 4 album to a standing room only.', ' His fourth album titled 4 was released on June 28, 2011 in the United States. 4 sold 310,000 copies in its first week and reached the first place on the Billboard 200, giving Beyoncé her fourth consecutive number one album in the United States. Before its release, two of its singles, "Run the World (Girls)" and "Best Thing I Never Had," had moderate success. The fourth single "Love on Top" achieved commercial success in the United States. 4 also produced four other singles: "Party," "Countdown," "I Care," and "End of Time." A reportage cover written by Beyoncé for Essence detailing her career in 2010 earned her a New York Black Journalists Association award. At the end of 2011, she performed on stage in New York at the Roseland Ballroom for four nights of special shows: the 4 Nights of Intimate Performances with Beyoncé saw the sold-out presentation of her album 4.', 0.9932848, 1)
('Executive vice governor Wei Hong confirmed on November 21, 2008 that more than 90,000 people in total were dead or missing in the earthquake. He stated that 200,000 homes had been rebuilt, and 685,000 were under reconstruction, but 1.94 million households were still without permanent shelter. 1,300 schools had been reconstructed, with initial relocation of 25 townships, including Beichuan and Wenchuan, two of the most devastated areas. The government spent $441 billion on relief and reconstruction efforts.', " Vice-Governor Wei Hong confirmed on November 21, 2008, that over 90,000 people had perished or gone missing in the earthquake. He stated that 200,000 housing units had been rebuilt and that 685,000 were under construction, but 1.94 million households still didn't have a permanent shelter. 1,300 schools were rebuilt, with the initial relocation of 25 townships, including Beichuan and Wenchuan, two of the hardest-hit areas. The government spent 441 billion dollars on relief and reconstruction efforts.", 0.993296, 1)
("The release of a video-game Starpower: Beyoncé was cancelled after Beyoncé pulled out of a $100 million with GateFive who alleged the cancellation meant the sacking of 70 staff and millions of pounds lost in development. It was settled out of court by her lawyers in June 2013 who said that they had cancelled because GateFive had lost its financial backers. Beyoncé also has had deals with American Express, Nintendo DS and L'Oréal since the age of 18.", " The release of a video game titled Starpower, featuring Beyoncé, was cancelled after Beyoncé withdrew her $100 million deal with GateFive. GateFive stated that the cancellation meant the termination of 70 employees and millions in development losses. This was settled out of court by her lawyers in June 2013, who stated that it was cancelled because GateFive had lost its funding sources. Since the age of 18, Beyoncé has also signed deals with American Express, Nintendo DS, and L'Oréal.", 0.9933051, 1)
('Twilight Princess was released to universal critical acclaim and commercial success. It received perfect scores from major publications such as 1UP.com, Computer and Video Games, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, GamesRadar, and GameSpy. On the review aggregators GameRankings and Metacritic, Twilight Princess has average scores of 95% and 95 for the Wii version and scores of 95% and 96 for the GameCube version. GameTrailers in their review called it one of the greatest games ever created.', ' Twilight Princess was released to universal critical acclaim and triumphant commercial success. It received perfect scores from major publications such as 1UP.com, Computer and Video Games, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, GamesRadar, and GameSpy. According to game review aggregators GameRankings and Metacritic, Twilight Princess has average scores of 95% and 95 for the Wii version, and average scores of 95% and 96 for the GameCube version. GameTrailers described it as one of the greatest games ever created. (Note: The above translation is accurate to the best of my ability, but please note that I am an AI language model and do not have the ability to access specific publications or their exact names in French. The translation provided is based on the given English text and a general understanding of the context.)Translation: Twilight Princess received universal critical acclaim and commercial success. Major publications like 1UP.com, Computer and Video Games, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, GamesRadar, and GameSpy gave it perfect scores. According to game review aggregators GameRankings and Metacritic, Twilight Princess has average scores of 95% and 95 for the Wii version, and average scores of 95% and 96 for the GameCube version. GameTrailers considered it one of the greatest games ever made.', 0.99338174, 1)
("Tajikistan's rivers, such as the Vakhsh and the Panj, have great hydropower potential, and the government has focused on attracting investment for projects for internal use and electricity exports. Tajikistan is home to the Nurek Dam, the highest dam in the world. Lately, Russia's RAO UES energy giant has been working on the Sangtuda-1 hydroelectric power station (670 MW capacity) commenced operations on 18 January 2008. Other projects at the development stage include Sangtuda-2 by Iran, Zerafshan by the Chinese company SinoHydro, and the Rogun power plant that, at a projected height of 335 metres (1,099 ft), would supersede the Nurek Dam as highest in the world if it is brought to completion. A planned project, CASA 1000, will transmit 1000 MW of surplus electricity from Tajikistan to Pakistan with power transit through Afghanistan. The total length of transmission line is 750 km while the project is planned to be on Public-Private Partnership basis with the support of WB, IFC, ADB and IDB. The project cost is estimated to be around US$865 million. Other energy resources include sizable coal deposits and smaller reserves of natural gas and petroleum.", ' The rivers in Tajikistan, such as the Vakhsh and the Panj, have a great potential for hydropower, and the government has focused on attracting investments for domestic use and electricity exports. Tajikistan is the home of the Nurek Hydroelectric Power Station, the highest in the world. Recently, the Russian energy company RAO UES worked on the Sangtuda-1 Hydroelectric Power Station (capacity of 670 MW) which began operations on January 18, 2008. Other projects in development include Sangtuda-2 by Iran, Zerafshan by the Chinese company SinoHydro, and the Rogun Hydroelectric Power Station which, at a projected height of 335 meters (1,099 feet), would surpass the Nurek Hydroelectric Power Station as the highest in the world if completed. A planned project, CASA 1000, will transmit 1000 MW of excess electricity from Tajikistan to Pakistan through Afghanistan. The total length of the transmission line is 750 km and the project is planned to be based on public-private partnership with the support of the World Bank, IFC, ADB, and the Islamic Development Bank. The cost of the project is estimated to be around 865 million US dollars. Other energy resources include important coal deposits and smaller gas natural and oil reserves.', 0.9934201, 1)
("The city is the birthplace of many cultural movements, including the Harlem Renaissance in literature and visual art; abstract expressionism (also known as the New York School) in painting; and hip hop, punk, salsa, disco, freestyle, Tin Pan Alley, and Jazz in music. New York City has been considered the dance capital of the world. The city is also widely celebrated in popular lore, frequently the setting for books, movies (see List of films set in New York City), and television programs. New York Fashion Week is one of the world's preeminent fashion events and is afforded extensive coverage by the media. New York has also frequently been ranked the top fashion capital of the world on the annual list compiled by the Global Language Monitor.", ' The city is the cradle of numerous cultural movements, notably the Harlem Renaissance in literature and visual art; abstract expressionism (also known as the New York School) in painting; and hip hop, punk, salsa, disco, freestyle, Tin Pan Alley, and jazz in music. New York is considered the capital of the world of dance. The city is also widely celebrated in popular legend, frequently the setting for books, films (see List of films shot in New York), and television shows. New York Fashion Week is one of the most prestigious fashion events in the world and is regularly covered by the press. New York has also frequently been ranked as the first fashion capital of the world in the annual list established by the Global Language Monitor.', 0.99344957, 1)
('The Muslim population of the region consisted mainly of native Iberian converts to Islam (the so-called Muwallad or Muladi) and to a lesser extent Berbers and Arabs. The Arabs were principally noblemen from Oman; and though few in numbers, they constituted the elite of the population. The Berbers were originally from the Atlas mountains and Rif mountains of North Africa and were essentially nomads. In Portugal, the Muslim population (or "Moors"), relatively small in numbers, stayed in the Algarve region, and south of the Tagus. Today, there are approximately 800 words in the Portuguese language of Arabic origin. The Muslims were expelled from Portugal 300 years earlier than in neighbouring Spain, which is reflected both in Portuguese culture and the language, which is mostly Celtiberian and Vulgar Latin.', ' The Muslim population in the region was mainly composed of native Iberian converts to Islam (called the Muwallad or Muladi) and, to a lesser extent, Berbers and Arabs. The Arabs were primarily nobles from Oman; although they were few in number, they formed the elite of the population. The Berbers were originally from the Atlas and the Rif mountains in North Africa and were mainly nomads. In Portugal, the Muslim population (or "Moors"), relatively small in number, remained in the Algarve and south of the Tagus. Approximately 800 words in the Portuguese language have Arabic origin. The Muslims were expelled from Portugal 300 years before their expulsion from Spain, which is reflected in the culture and language of Portugal, which is primarily Celtiberian and vulgar Latin.', 0.9934564, 1)
("The United States Census Bureau estimates that the population of Montana was 1,032,949 on July 1, 2015, a 4.40% increase since the 2010 United States Census. The 2010 census put Montana's population at 989,415 which is an increase of 43,534 people, or 4.40 percent, since 2010. During the first decade of the new century, growth was mainly concentrated in Montana's seven largest counties, with the highest percentage growth in Gallatin County, which saw a 32 percent increase in its population from 2000-2010. The city seeing the largest percentage growth was Kalispell with 40.1 percent, and the city with the largest increase in actual residents was Billings with an increase in population of 14,323 from 2000-2010.", " The United States Census Bureau's population estimate for Montana on July 1, 2015 was 1,032,949, a 4.40% increase from the 2010 United States Census which recorded a population of 989,415, representing an increase of 43,534 people or 4.40% compared to 2010. During the first decade of the new century, growth was primarily concentrated in Montana's seven most populous counties, with the greatest growth occurring in Gallatin County, which experienced a 32% population increase between 2000 and 2010. The city with the greatest population growth was Kalispell, with a 40.1% increase, and Billings recorded the largest increase in residents, with a population growth of 14,323 between 2000 and 2010.", 0.99348015, 1)
('In a 1964 interview, Lee remarked that her aspiration was "to be ... the Jane Austen of South Alabama." Both Austen and Lee challenged the social status quo and valued individual worth over social standing. When Scout embarrasses her poorer classmate, Walter Cunningham, at the Finch home one day, Calpurnia, their black cook, chastises and punishes her for doing so. Atticus respects Calpurnia\'s judgment, and later in the book even stands up to his sister, the formidable Aunt Alexandra, when she strongly suggests they fire Calpurnia. One writer notes that Scout, "in Austenian fashion", satirizes women with whom she does not wish to identify. Literary critic Jean Blackall lists the priorities shared by the two authors: "affirmation of order in society, obedience, courtesy, and respect for the individual without regard for status".', ' In a 1964 interview, Lee expressed a desire "to be ... the Jane Austen of South Alabama." Austen and Lee challenged social norms and placed value on individual worth over social standing. One day, when Scout embarrasses her poorer classmate, Walter Cunningham, at the Finch home, Calpurnia, their black cook, reprimands and punishes her for doing so. Atticus respects Calpurnia\'s judgment, and later in the book even stands up to his formidable sister, Aunt Alexandra, when she strongly suggests they fire Calpurnia. A writer notes that Scout, "in Austen\'s fashion," satirizes women with whom she does not wish to identify. Literary critic Jean Blackall lists the common priorities of the two authors: "affirmation of order in society, obedience, courtesy, and respect for the individual without regard for status".', 0.99353206, 1)
("All of Chopin's compositions include the piano. Most are for solo piano, though he also wrote two piano concertos, a few chamber pieces, and some songs to Polish lyrics. His keyboard style is highly individual and often technically demanding; his own performances were noted for their nuance and sensitivity. Chopin invented the concept of instrumental ballade. His major piano works also include mazurkas, waltzes, nocturnes, polonaises, études, impromptus, scherzos, preludes and sonatas, some published only after his death. Influences on his compositional style include Polish folk music, the classical tradition of J. S. Bach, Mozart and Schubert, the music of all of whom he admired, as well as the Paris salons where he was a frequent guest. His innovations in style, musical form, and harmony, and his association of music with nationalism, were influential throughout and after the late Romantic period.", " All of Chopin's compositions include the piano. The majority are for solo piano, but he also wrote two piano concertos, some chamber pieces, and some songs with Polish texts. Chopin's keyboard style is very personal and often technically demanding; his own performances were noted for their subtlety and sensitivity. Chopin invented the concept of instrumental ballads. His main piano works include mazurkas, waltzes, nocturnes, polonaises, études, impromptus, scherzos, préludes, and sonatas, some of which were only published after his death. Influences on his compositional style include Polish folk music, the classical tradition of J.S. Bach, Mozart, and Schubert, whom he greatly admired, as well as the Parisian salons where he was a frequent guest. His innovations in style, form, harmony, and his association of music with nationalism, were influential throughout and after the late romantic period.", 0.99355227, 1)
('In October 2014, it was announced that Beyoncé with her management company Parkwood Entertainment would be partnering with London-based fashion retailer Topshop, in a new 50/50 split subsidiary business named Parkwood Topshop Athletic Ltd. The new division was created for Topshop to break into the activewear market, with an athletic, street wear brand being produced. "Creating a partnership with Beyoncé, one of the most hard-working and talented people in the world, who spends many hours of her life dancing, rehearsing and training is a unique opportunity to develop this category" stated Sir Philip Green on the partnership. The company and collection is set to launch and hit stores in the fall of 2015.', ' In October 2014, it was announced that Beyoncé, along with her management company Parkwood Entertainment, would collaborate with London fashion retailer Topshop, in a new 50-50 joint venture named Parkwood Topshop Athletic Ltd. This new entity was created to help Topshop enter the athletic wear market, with a sportswear and streetwear brand being produced. "Creating a partnership with Beyoncé, one of the hardest working and most talented people in the world, who spends countless hours of her life dancing, rehearsing, and training, is a unique opportunity to develop this category" stated Sir Philip Green on the partnership. The company and the collection are ready to launch and go on sale in Topshop stores by the end of winter 2015.', 0.9935546, 1)
("Over 600,000 students are enrolled in New York City's over 120 higher education institutions, the highest number of any city in the United States, including over half million in the City University of New York (CUNY) system alone in 2014. In 2005, three out of five Manhattan residents were college graduates, and one out of four had a postgraduate degree, forming one of the highest concentrations of highly educated people in any American city. New York City is home to such notable private universities as Barnard College, Columbia University, Cooper Union, Fordham University, New York University, New York Institute of Technology, Pace University, and Yeshiva University. The public CUNY system is one of the largest universities in the nation, comprising 24 institutions across all five boroughs: senior colleges, community colleges, and other graduate/professional schools. The public State University of New York (SUNY) system also serves New York City, as well as the rest of the state. The city also has other smaller private colleges and universities, including many religious and special-purpose institutions, such as St. John's University, The Juilliard School, Manhattan College, The College of Mount Saint Vincent, The New School, Pratt Institute, The School of Visual Arts, The King's College, and Wagner College.", " Over 600,000 students are enrolled in over 120 higher education institutions in New York, which is the highest number for a city in the United States. Among them, more than half a million were in the CUNY (City University of New York) system alone in 2014. In Manhattan in 2005, three quarters of the residents held a university degree and a quarter had a graduate degree, forming one of the strongest concentrations of highly educated people in any American city. New York is home to such notable private universities as Barnard College, Columbia University, Cooper Union, Fordham University, New York University, New York Institute of Technology, Pace University and Yeshiva University. The public CUNY system, one of the largest in the country, comprises 24 institutions spread across all boroughs: universities, community colleges and other master/professional schools. The state public SUNY (State University of New York) also serves New York, as well as the rest of the state. The city also houses numerous small private universities and schools, including many religious and special-purpose institutions, such as St. John's University, The Juilliard School, Manhattan College, The College of Mount Saint Vincent, The New School, Pratt Institute, The School of Visual Arts, The King's College and Wagner College.", 0.99355936, 1)
("Beyoncé's work has influenced numerous artists including Adele, Ariana Grande, Lady Gaga, Bridgit Mendler, Rihanna, Kelly Rowland, Sam Smith, Meghan Trainor, Nicole Scherzinger, Rita Ora, Zendaya, Cheryl Cole, JoJo, Alexis Jordan, Jessica Sanchez, and Azealia Banks. American indie rock band White Rabbits also cited her an inspiration for their third album Milk Famous (2012), friend Gwyneth Paltrow studied Beyoncé at her live concerts while learning to become a musical performer for the 2010 film Country Strong. Nicki Minaj has stated that seeing Beyoncé's Pepsi commercial influenced her decision to appear in the company's 2012 global campaign.", " Beyoncé's work has influenced numerous artists including Adele, Ariana Grande, Lady Gaga, Bridgit Mendler, Rihanna, Kelly Rowland, Sam Smith, Meghan Trainor, Nicole Scherzinger, Rita Ora, Zendaya, Cheryl Cole, JoJo, Alexis Jordan, Jessica Sanchez and Azealia Banks. The American indie band White Rabbits cited Beyoncé as an inspiration for their third album Milk Famous (2012). Gwyneth Paltrow studied Beyoncé on stage when she was preparing to become a musical performer for the film Country Strong (2010). Nicki Minaj stated that Beyoncé's Pepsi commercial inspired her to appear in the company's global campaign in 2012.", 0.99356395, 1)
('In June 1917, the U.S. Congress passed the Espionage Act of 1917 which was later extended by the Sedition Act of 1918, enacted in May 1918. In February 1918, the Montana legislature had passed the Montana Sedition Act, which was a model for the federal version. In combination, these laws criminalized criticism of the U.S. government, military, or symbols through speech or other means. The Montana Act led to the arrest of over 200 individuals and the conviction of 78, mostly of German or Austrian descent. Over 40 spent time in prison. In May 2006, then-Governor Brian Schweitzer posthumously issued full pardons for all those convicted of violating the Montana Sedition Act.', ' In June 1917, the United States Congress adopted the Espionage Act of 1917, which was extended by the Sedition Act of 1918, adopted in May 1918. In February 1918, the Montana legislature had adopted the Montana Sedition Law, which served as a model for the federal version. Together, these laws penalized criticism of the government, army, or American symbols through speech or other means. The Montana Sedition Law resulted in the arrest of over 200 people and the conviction of 78, most of whom were of German or Austrian descent. Over 40 spent time in prison. In May 2006, Governor Brian Schweitzer granted full and unconditional pardons posthumously to all those who had violated the Montana Sedition Law.', 0.99366385, 1)
("Two of Chopin's long-standing pupils, Karol Mikuli (1821–1897) and Georges Mathias, were themselves piano teachers and passed on details of his playing to their own students, some of whom (such as Raoul Koczalski) were to make recordings of his music. Other pianists and composers influenced by Chopin's style include Louis Moreau Gottschalk, Édouard Wolff (1816–1880) and Pierre Zimmermann. Debussy dedicated his own 1915 piano Études to the memory of Chopin; he frequently played Chopin's music during his studies at the Paris Conservatoire, and undertook the editing of Chopin's piano music for the publisher Jacques Durand.", " Two of Chopin's long-term students, Karol Mikuli (1821-1897) and Georges Mathias, were piano masters themselves and passed on details of Chopin's playing to their own students. Some of these students (like Raoul Koczalski) made recordings of his music. Other pianists and composers influenced by Chopin's style include Louis Moreau Gottschalk, Édouard Wolff (1816-1880) and Pierre Zimmermann. Debussy dedicated his own piano studies of 1915 to Chopin's memory; he frequently played his music during his studies at the Paris Conservatory and undertook the editing of Chopin's piano music for the publisher Jacques Durand.", 0.99367094, 1)
('Evolutionary anthropology is the interdisciplinary study of the evolution of human physiology and human behaviour and the relation between hominins and non-hominin primates. Evolutionary anthropology is based in natural science and social science, combining the human development with socioeconomic factors. Evolutionary anthropology is concerned with both biological and cultural evolution of humans, past and present. It is based on a scientific approach, and brings together fields such as archaeology, behavioral ecology, psychology, primatology, and genetics. It is a dynamic and interdisciplinary field, drawing on many lines of evidence to understand the human experience, past and present.', 'Evolutionary anthropology is an interdisciplinary study of the evolution of human physiology and human behavior, as well as the relationships between hominins and non-hominin primates. Evolutionary anthropology relies on natural sciences and social sciences, combining human development with socio-economic factors. It is interested in the biological and cultural evolution of humans, past and present. It is based on a scientific approach, and gathers fields such as archaeology, behavioral ecology, psychology, primatology, and genetics. It is a dynamic and interdisciplinary field, based on multiple lines of evidence to understand the human experience, past and present.', 0.9936794, 1)
('The AP reported that "The state-controlled media has largely ignored the issue, apparently under the propaganda bureau\'s instructions. Parents and volunteers who have questioned authorities have been detained and threatened."', 'The AP reported that the state-controlled media have largely ignored the issue, apparently under the propaganda bureaus instructions. Parents and volunteers who have questioned authorities have been detained and threatened.', 0.99370784, 1)
("In September 2006, the iTunes Store began to offer additional games for purchase with the launch of iTunes 7, compatible with the fifth generation iPod with iPod software 1.2 or later. Those games were: Bejeweled, Cubis 2, Mahjong, Mini Golf, Pac-Man, Tetris, Texas Hold 'Em, Vortex, Asphalt 4: Elite Racing and Zuma. Additional games have since been added. These games work on the 6th and 5th generation iPod Classic and the 5th and 4th generation iPod Nano.", ' In September 2006, iTunes store started selling additional games for purchase thanks to the launch of iTunes 7, compatible with the fifth generation iPod and a software version iPod 1.2 or later. These games were: Bejeweled, Cubis 2, Mah-Jong, Mini Golf, Pac-Man, Tetris, Texas Hold Em, Vortex, Asphalt 4: Elite Racing and Zuma. Additional games have been added since. These games work on fifth and sixth generation iPod Classic and fifth and fourth generation iPod Nano.', 0.9937281, 1)
('The second part of the novel deals with what book reviewer Harding LeMay termed "the spirit-corroding shame of the civilized white Southerner in the treatment of the Negro". In the years following its release, many reviewers considered To Kill a Mockingbird a novel primarily concerned with race relations. Claudia Durst Johnson considers it "reasonable to believe" that the novel was shaped by two events involving racial issues in Alabama: Rosa Parks\' refusal to yield her seat on a city bus to a white person, which sparked the 1955 Montgomery Bus Boycott, and the 1956 riots at the University of Alabama after Autherine Lucy and Polly Myers were admitted (Myers eventually withdrew her application and Lucy was expelled, but reinstated in 1980). In writing about the historical context of the novel\'s construction, two other literary scholars remark: "To Kill a Mockingbird was written and published amidst the most significant and conflict-ridden social change in the South since the Civil War and Reconstruction. Inevitably, despite its mid-1930s setting, the story told from the perspective of the 1950s voices the conflicts, tensions, and fears induced by this transition."', ' The second part of the novel addresses what book reviewer Harding LeMay called "the corrosive shame of the civilized white Southerner in the treatment of the Negro". In the years following its publication, many critics considered To Kill a Mockingbird a novel primarily concerned with race relations. Claudia Durst Johnson believes it is reasonable to believe that the novel was influenced by two racial issues in Alabama: Rosa Parks\' refusal to give up her seat on a city bus to a white person, which sparked the 1955 Montgomery Bus Boycott, and the 1956 riots at the University of Alabama after Autherine Lucy and Polly Myers were admitted (Myers eventually withdrew her application and Lucy was expelled, but reinstated in 1980). In writing about the historical context of the novel\'s construction, two literary scholars note: "To Kill a Mockingbird was written and published amidst the most significant and conflict-ridden social change in the South since the Civil War and Reconstruction. Inevitably, despite its mid-1930s setting, the story told from the perspective of the 1950s voices the conflicts, tensions, and fears induced by this transition."', 0.9937697, 1)
("China Mobile had more than 2,300 base stations suspended due to power disruption or severe telecommunication traffic congestion. Half of the wireless communications were lost in the Sichuan province. China Unicom's service in Wenchuan and four nearby counties was cut off, with more than 700 towers suspended.", ' China Mobile has seen over 2,300 base stations suspended due to electrical disturbances or severe communication traffic congestion. Half of the wireless communications have been lost in the Sichuan province. The China Unicom service in Wenchuan and in four neighboring counties has been cut off, with over 700 towers suspended.', 0.99377596, 1)
('Portuguese is the official language of Portugal. Portuguese is a Romance language that originated in what is now Galicia and Northern Portugal, originating from Galician-Portuguese, which was the common language of the Galician and Portuguese people until the independence of Portugal. Particularly in the North of Portugal, there are still many similarities between the Galician culture and the Portuguese culture. Galicia is a consultative observer of the Community of Portuguese Language Countries. According to the Ethnologue of Languages, Portuguese and Spanish have a lexical similarity of 89% - educated speakers of each language can communicate easily with one another.', " Portuguese is the official language of Portugal. Portuguese is a Romance language that originated in what is now Galicia and Northern Portugal, evolving from Galician-Portuguese, which was the common language of the Galician and Portuguese people until Portugal's independence. In the North of Portugal, there are still many cultural similarities between Galician culture and Portuguese culture. Galicia is an observing member of the Community of Portuguese Language Countries. According to Ethnologue of Languages, Portuguese and Spanish have a lexical similarity of 89% - educated speakers of each language can communicate easily with one another. Portuguese is the official language of Portugal. Portuguese is a Romance language that originated in what is now Galicia and Northern Portugal, developing from Galician-Portuguese, which was the common language of the Galician and Portuguese people until Portugal's independence. In the North of Portugal, there are still many cultural similarities between Galician culture and Portuguese culture. Galicia is an observing member of the Community of Portuguese Language Countries. According to Ethnologue of Languages, Portuguese and Spanish share a lexical similarity of 89% - educated speakers of each language can communicate effectively with one another.", 0.99383163, 1)
("Chopin's public popularity as a virtuoso began to wane, as did the number of his pupils, and this, together with the political strife and instability of the time, caused him to struggle financially. In February 1848, with the cellist Auguste Franchomme, he gave his last Paris concert, which included three movements of the Cello Sonata Op. 65.", ' The public popularity of Chopin as a virtuoso started to wane, along with the number of his pupils. This, combined with the political strife and instability of the time, caused him financial struggles. In February 1848, Chopin gave his last Paris concert with cellist Auguste Franchomme, performing three movements of the Cello Sonata Op. 65.', 0.9938354, 1)
('The Columbia Encyclopedia distinguishes between the Yuan dynasty and the other Mongol Empire khanates of Ilkhanate, Chagatai Khanate and the Golden Horde. It describes the Yuan dynasty as "A Mongol dynasty of China that ruled from 1271 to 1368, and a division of the great empire conquered by the Mongols. Founded by Kublai Khan, who adopted the Chinese dynastic name of Yüan in 1271." The Encyclopedia Americana describes the Yuan dynasty as "the line of Mongol rulers in China" and adds that the Mongols "proclaimed a Chinese-style Yüan dynasty at Khanbaliq (Beijing)." The Metropolitan Museum of Art writes that the Mongol rulers of the Yuan dynasty "adopted Chinese political and cultural models; ruling from their capitals in Dadu, they assumed the role of Chinese emperors," although Tibetologist Thomas Laird dismissed the Yuan dynasty as a non-Chinese polity and plays down its Chinese characteristics. The Metropolitan Museum of Art also noted that in spite of the gradual assimilation of Yuan monarchs, the Mongol rulers largely ignored the literati and imposed harsh policies discriminating against southern Chinese. In his Kublai Khan: His Life and Times, Rossabi explains that Kublai "created government institutions that either resembled or were the same as the traditional Chinese ones", and he "wished to signal to the Chinese that he intended to adopt the trappings and style of a Chinese ruler".', 'The Columbia Encyclopedia distinguishes between the Yuan dynasty and other Mongol khanates, namely the Ilkhanate, Chagatai, and the Golden Horde. It describes the Yuan dynasty as "a Mongol Chinese dynasty that ruled from 1271 to 1368 and a division of the Mongol empire of great extent." Founded by Kublai Khan, who adopted the Chinese imperial name of Yüan in 1271. The Columbia Encyclopedia (USA) describes the Yuan dynasty as "the line of Mongol governors in China" and adds that the Mongols "proclaimed a Chinese Yuan dynasty at Khanbaliq (Beijing)." The Metropolitan Museum of Art writes that the Mongol governors of the Yuan dynasty "adopted Chinese political and cultural models; they ruled from their capitals at Dadu and assumed the role of emperors Chinese," although Tibetan scholar Thomas Laird has rejected the Yuan dynasty as a non-Chinese policy and minimized its Chinese characteristics. The Metropolitan Museum of Art also noted that despite the progressive assimilation of Yuan monarchs, the Mongol governors largely ignored the literati and applied harsh policies against the Chinese in the south. In his book on Kublai Khan: His Reign and His Times, Rossabi explains that Kublai "created governmental institutions that resembled or were the same as traditional Chinese ones," and he "wanted to show the Chinese that he intended to take on the appearance and style of a Chinese sovereign."', 0.9938417, 0)
('In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O\'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March". George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role. This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker\'s former comrades. The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles.', 'In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne, played by Pat O\'Brien, delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech. At this point, the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March". George Gipp was portrayed by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" came from this role. This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, but this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker\'s former comrades. The song also played a significant role in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who had dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite numerous obstacles.', 0.99387157, 1)
("The biotechnology sector is also growing in New York City, based upon the city's strength in academic scientific research and public and commercial financial support. On December 19, 2011, then Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg announced his choice of Cornell University and Technion-Israel Institute of Technology to build a US$2 billion graduate school of applied sciences called Cornell Tech on Roosevelt Island with the goal of transforming New York City into the world's premier technology capital. By mid-2014, Accelerator, a biotech investment firm, had raised more than US$30 million from investors, including Eli Lilly and Company, Pfizer, and Johnson & Johnson, for initial funding to create biotechnology startups at the Alexandria Center for Life Science, which encompasses more than 700,000 square feet (65,000 m2) on East 29th Street and promotes collaboration among scientists and entrepreneurs at the center and with nearby academic, medical, and research institutions. The New York City Economic Development Corporation's Early Stage Life Sciences Funding Initiative and venture capital partners, including Celgene, General Electric Ventures, and Eli Lilly, committed a minimum of US$100 million to help launch 15 to 20 ventures in life sciences and biotechnology.", " The biotechnological sector is also experiencing growth in New York, thanks to the academic and scientific research strength and public and commercial support of the city. On December 19, 2011, Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg announced his choice of Cornell University and the Technion-Israel Institute of Technology to build a $2 billion US applied sciences campus called Cornell Tech on Roosevelt Island, with the goal of making New York the world's technological capital. By mid-2014, Accelerator, a biotech investment firm, had raised over $30 million US from investors, including Eli Lilly and Company, Pfizer and Johnson & Johnson, to fund the creation of biotech start-ups at the Alexandria Center for Life Science, which includes over 700,000 square feet (over 65,000 m2) on East 29th Street and promotes collaboration between researchers and entrepreneurs at the center and with neighboring academic, medical, and research institutions. The New York City Economic Development Corporation and venture capital partners, including Celgene, General Electric Ventures and Eli Lilly, have invested at least $100 million US to launch 15 to 20 life sciences and biotechnology companies.", 0.99387175, 1)
('Beyoncé has stated that she is personally inspired by US First Lady Michelle Obama, saying "She proves you can do it all" and she has described Oprah Winfrey as "the definition of inspiration and a strong woman". She has also discussed how Jay Z is a continuing inspiration to her, both with what she describes as his lyrical genius and in the obstacles he has overcome in his life. Beyoncé has expressed admiration for the artist Jean-Michel Basquiat, posting in a letter "what I find in the work of Jean-Michel Basquiat, I search for in every day in music... he is lyrical and raw". In February 2013, Beyoncé said that Madonna inspired her to take control of her own career. She commented: "I think about Madonna and how she took all of the great things she achieved and started the label and developed other artists. But there are not enough of those women.".', ' Beyoncé has declared that she feels personally inspired by First Lady of the United States Michelle Obama, saying "She shows that it\'s possible for both" and described Oprah Winfrey as "the definition of inspiration and a strong woman." She also addressed how Jay Z is a source of inspiration for her, through what she describes as the lyricism of this man and the obstacles he has overcome in his life. Beyoncé expressed admiration for artist Jean-Michel Basquiat, writing in a letter "What I find in Jean-Michel Basquiat\'s work, I seek every day in my music... he is lyric and raw." In February 2013, Beyoncé declared that Madonna inspired her to take control of her own career. She commented: "I think of Madonna and what she achieved in acquiring all those great successes and creating her own label and developing other artists. But there aren\'t enough of those women."', 0.99387866, 1)
("New York City also has an extensive web of expressways and parkways, which link the city's boroughs to each other as well as to northern New Jersey, Westchester County, Long Island, and southwestern Connecticut through various bridges and tunnels. Because these highways serve millions of outer borough and suburban residents who commute into Manhattan, it is quite common for motorists to be stranded for hours in traffic jams that are a daily occurrence, particularly during rush hour.", " New York City has an extensive network of expressways and parkways, which link the city's boroughs to each other and to northern New Jersey, Westchester County, Long Island, and southwestern Connecticut through various bridges and tunnels. Because these highways serve millions of outer borough and suburban residents who commute into Manhattan, it is quite common for motorists to be stranded for hours in traffic jams that are a daily occurrence, particularly during rush hour.", 0.99389976, 1)
("While the largest European-American population in Montana overall is German, pockets of significant Scandinavian ancestry are prevalent in some of the farming-dominated northern and eastern prairie regions, parallel to nearby regions of North Dakota and Minnesota. Farmers of Irish, Scots, and English roots also settled in Montana. The historically mining-oriented communities of western Montana such as Butte have a wider range of European-American ethnicity; Finns, Eastern Europeans and especially Irish settlers left an indelible mark on the area, as well as people originally from British mining regions such as Cornwall, Devon and Wales. The nearby city of Helena, also founded as a mining camp, had a similar mix in addition to a small Chinatown. Many of Montana's historic logging communities originally attracted people of Scottish, Scandinavian, Slavic, English and Scots-Irish descent.[citation needed]", ' Although the largest European-American population in Montana in general is German, significant Scandinavian descendant pockets are present in certain agricultural regions dominated by the northern and eastern prairies, parallel to regions in neighboring North Dakota and Minnesota. Farmers of Irish, Scottish, and English origin have also colonized Montana. Historically mining-oriented communities in western Montana, such as Butte, have a wider European-American ethnicity range; Finns, Eastern Europeans, and especially the Irish have left an indelible mark on the region, as well as people from British mining regions such as Cornwall, Devon, and Wales. The neighboring mining town of Helena, founded as a mining camp, had a similar composition, plus a small Chinatown. Many historically forested communities in Montana initially attracted people of Scottish, Scandinavian, Slavic, English, and Irish descent.', 0.9939057, 1)
("At age eight, Beyoncé and childhood friend Kelly Rowland met LaTavia Roberson while in an audition for an all-girl entertainment group. They were placed into a group with three other girls as Girl's Tyme, and rapped and danced on the talent show circuit in Houston. After seeing the group, R&B producer Arne Frager brought them to his Northern California studio and placed them in Star Search, the largest talent show on national TV at the time. Girl's Tyme failed to win, and Beyoncé later said the song they performed was not good. In 1995 Beyoncé's father resigned from his job to manage the group. The move reduced Beyoncé's family's income by half, and her parents were forced to move into separated apartments. Mathew cut the original line-up to four and the group continued performing as an opening act for other established R&B girl groups. The girls auditioned before record labels and were finally signed to Elektra Records, moving to Atlanta Records briefly to work on their first recording, only to be cut by the company. This put further strain on the family, and Beyoncé's parents separated. On October 5, 1995, Dwayne Wiggins's Grass Roots Entertainment signed the group. In 1996, the girls began recording their debut album under an agreement with Sony Music, the Knowles family reunited, and shortly after, the group got a contract with Columbia Records.", " At the age of eight, Beyoncé and her friend Kelly Rowland met LaTavia Roberson during an audition for an exclusive female entertainment group. They were placed in a group with three other girls under the name of Girls Tyme, and they rapped and danced on the talent show stage in Houston. After seeing the group, R&B producer Arne Frager brought them to his northern California studio and registered them for Star Search, the national televised talent competition at the time. Girls Tyme did not win, and Beyoncé later stated that the song they performed was not good. In 1995, Beyoncé's father quit his job to manage the group. This significantly reduced the Knowles family's income, forcing them to move into separate apartments. Matthew reduced the original lineup to four, and the group continued to perform as an opening act for successful R&B female groups. The girls auditioned for record labels and eventually signed with Elektra Records, but briefly worked for Atlantic Records to record their first album, only to be dropped by the company. This put even more pressure on the family, and Beyoncé's parents separated. On October 5, 1995, Grass Roots Entertainment, owned by Dwayne Wiggins, signed the group. In 1996, the girls began recording their first album under a deal with Sony Music, the Knowles family reunited, and shortly after, the group obtained a contract with Columbia Records.", 0.9939065, 1)
('In The New Yorker music critic Jody Rosen described Beyoncé as "the most important and compelling popular musician of the twenty-first century..... the result, the logical end point, of a century-plus of pop." When The Guardian named her Artist of the Decade, Llewyn-Smith wrote, "Why Beyoncé? [...] Because she made not one but two of the decade\'s greatest singles, with Crazy in Love and Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It), not to mention her hits with Destiny\'s Child; and this was the decade when singles – particularly R&B singles – regained their status as pop\'s favourite medium. [...] [She] and not any superannuated rock star was arguably the greatest live performer of the past 10 years." In 2013, Beyoncé made the Time 100 list, Baz Luhrmann writing "no one has that voice, no one moves the way she moves, no one can hold an audience the way she does... When Beyoncé does an album, when Beyoncé sings a song, when Beyoncé does anything, it\'s an event, and it\'s broadly influential. Right now, she is the heir-apparent diva of the USA — the reigning national voice." In 2014, Beyoncé was listed again on the Time 100 and also featured on the cover of the issue.', ' In The New Yorker, musical critic Jody Rosen described Beyoncé as "the most important and compelling popular musician of the twenty-first century...... the result, the logical endpoint of a century and more of pop." When The Guardian named her Artist of the Decade, Llewyn-Smith wrote, "Why Beyoncé...... Because she produced not one, but two of the greatest singles of the decade, with Crazy in Love and Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It), and this wasn\'t just her hits with Destiny\'s Child ; and this was the decade where singles – particularly R&B singles – regained their status as the favorite pop medium...... [She] and no former rock star was arguably the best live performer of the past ten years...... In 2013, Beyoncé appeared on the Time 100 list, with Baz Luhrmann writing "no one has this voice, no one dances like she does, no one can hold the public\'s attention like she does...... When Beyoncé makes an album, when Beyoncé sings a song, when Beyoncé does something, it\'s an event, and it\'s widely influential." In 2014, Beyoncé appeared again on the Time 100 list and also graced the cover of the edition.', 0.99391425, 1)
('The main cast was revealed in December 2014 at the 007 Stage at Pinewood Studios. Daniel Craig returned for his fourth appearance as James Bond, while Ralph Fiennes, Naomie Harris and Ben Whishaw reprised their roles as M, Eve Moneypenny and Q respectively, having been established in Skyfall. Rory Kinnear also reprised his role as Bill Tanner in his third appearance in the series.', ' The main members were revealed in December 2014 on the 007 stage at Pinewood Studios. Daniel Craig returned for his fourth appearance as James Bond, while Ralph Fiennes, Naomie Harris, and Ben Whishaw resumed their roles as M, Eve Moneypenny, and Q respectively, having been established in Skyfall. Rory Kinnear also resumed his role as Bill Tanner in his third appearance in the series.', 0.9939524, 1)
('Portugal has the largest aquarium in Europe, the Lisbon Oceanarium, and the Portuguese have several other notable organizations focused on science-related exhibits and divulgation, like the state agency Ciência Viva, a programme of the Portuguese Ministry of Science and Technology to the promotion of a scientific and technological culture among the Portuguese population, the Science Museum of the University of Coimbra, the National Museum of Natural History at the University of Lisbon, and the Visionarium.', ' Portugal has the largest aquarium in Europe, the Oceanarium in Lisbon, and the Portuguese have several other notable organizations dedicated to exhibitions and scientific dissemination, such as the State Agency Ciência Viva, a program of the Portuguese Ministry of Science and Technology for promoting a scientific and technological culture among the Portuguese population, the University of Coimbra Science Museum, the National Museum of Natural History of the University of Lisbon, and the Visionarium.', 0.9939606, 1)
("Manhattan was on track to have an estimated 90,000 hotel rooms at the end of 2014, a 10% increase from 2013. In October 2014, the Anbang Insurance Group, based in China, purchased the Waldorf Astoria New York for US$1.95 billion, making it the world's most expensive hotel ever sold.", 'Manhattan was going to have roughly 90,000 hotel rooms at the end of 2014, a 10% increase from the previous year. In October 2014, the Anbang Insurance Group, a Chinese company, purchased the Waldorf Astoria New York for 1.95 billion dollars, making it the most expensive hotel ever sold in the world.', 0.9940083, 1)
('In the first week of May 2013, Prime Minister Passos Coelho announced a significant government plan for the public sector, whereby 30,000 jobs will be cut and the number of weekly working hours will be increased from 35 to 40 hours. Coelho reaffirmed the announcement by explaining that austerity measures are necessary if Portugal seeks to avoid another monetary bailout grant from the European Commission, European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund—the overall plan intends to enact further cuts of €4.8 billion over a three-year period.', ' From the first week of May 2013, the Prime Minister Passos Coelho announced an important governmental plan for the public sector, according to which 30,000 jobs will be cut and the number of weekly working hours will increase from 35 to 40. Coelho reaffirmed this announcement explaining that austerity measures are necessary if Portugal wants to avoid a new monetary bailout from the European Commission, the European Central Bank, and the International Monetary Fund—the global plan aims to make additional cuts of 4.8 billion euros over a three-year period.', 0.994044, 1)
('The Army (21,000 personnel) comprises three brigades and other small units. An infantry brigade (mainly equipped with Pandur II APC), a mechanized brigade (mainly equipped with Leopard 2 A6 tanks and M113 APC) and a Rapid Reaction Brigade (consisting of paratroopers, commandos and rangers). The Navy (10,700 personnel, of which 1,580 are marines) has five frigates, seven corvettes, two submarines, and 28 patrol and auxiliary vessels. The Air Force (7,500 personnel) has the Lockheed F-16 Fighting Falcon and the Dassault/Dornier Alpha Jet as the main combat aircraft.', 'The Army (21,000 personnel) consists of three brigades and other smaller units. One infantry brigade (primarily equipped with Pandur II APC), one mechanized brigade (primarily equipped with Leopard 2 A6 and M113 APC), and one Rapid Reaction Brigade (composed of parachutists, commandos, and rangers). The Navy (10,700 personnel, including 1,580 marines) has five frigates, seven corvettes, two submarines, and 28 patrol boats and auxiliary vessels. The Air Force (7,500 personnel) has the Lockheed F-16 Fighting Falcon combat aircraft and the Dassault/Dornier Alpha Jet trainer aircraft.', 0.99406374, 1)
("In 1827, soon after the death of Chopin's youngest sister Emilia, the family moved from the Warsaw University building, adjacent to the Kazimierz Palace, to lodgings just across the street from the university, in the south annex of the Krasiński Palace on Krakowskie Przedmieście,[n 5] where Chopin lived until he left Warsaw in 1830.[n 6] Here his parents continued running their boarding house for male students; the Chopin Family Parlour (Salonik Chopinów) became a museum in the 20th century. In 1829 the artist Ambroży Mieroszewski executed a set of portraits of Chopin family members, including the first known portrait of the composer.[n 7]", " In 1827, not long after the death of Chopin's youngest sister Emilia, the family moved from the University of Warsaw buildings, adjacent to Kazimierz Palace, to lodgings directly across the street from the university, in the southern annex of the Krasiński Palace on Krakowskie Przedmieście. Here, Chopin lived until he left Warsaw in 1830. His parents continued operating their boarding house for male students; the Chopin Family Parlour (Salonik Chopinów) became a museum in the 20th century. In 1829, the artist Ambroży Mieroszewski painted a series of portraits of Chopin family members, including the first known portrait of the composer.", 0.9940643, 1)
('Spectre was released on 26 October 2015 in the United Kingdom on the same night as the world premiere at the Royal Albert Hall in London, followed by a worldwide release. It was released in the United States on 6 November 2015. It became the second James Bond film to be screened in IMAX venues after Skyfall, although it was not filmed with IMAX cameras. Spectre received mixed reviews upon its release; although criticised for its length, lack of screen time for new characters, and writing, it received praise for its action sequences and cinematography. The theme song, "Writing\'s on the Wall", received mixed reviews, particularly compared to the previous theme; nevertheless, it won the Golden Globe for Best Original Song and was nominated for the Academy Award in the same category. As of 20 February 2016[update], Spectre has grossed over $879 million worldwide.', 'Spectre was released on October 26, 2015 in the UK on the same evening as the world premiere at the Royal Albert Hall in London, followed by a worldwide release. It was released in the US on November 6, 2015. It was the second James Bond film to be screened in IMAX theaters after Skyfall, although it was not filmed using IMAX cameras. Spectre received mixed critiques at its release; it was criticized for its length, lack of screen time for new characters, and writing, but it received praise for its action sequences and cinematography. The theme song, "Writing on the Wall," received mixed critiques, particularly compared to the previous song; however, it won the Golden Globe for Best Original Song and was nominated in the same category for the Oscar. As of February 20, 2016 [update], Spectre had generated over 879 million dollars worldwide.', 0.9940777, 1)
('The group changed their name to Destiny\'s Child in 1996, based upon a passage in the Book of Isaiah. In 1997, Destiny\'s Child released their major label debut song "Killing Time" on the soundtrack to the 1997 film, Men in Black. The following year, the group released their self-titled debut album, scoring their first major hit "No, No, No". The album established the group as a viable act in the music industry, with moderate sales and winning the group three Soul Train Lady of Soul Awards for Best R&B/Soul Album of the Year, Best R&B/Soul or Rap New Artist, and Best R&B/Soul Single for "No, No, No". The group released their multi-platinum second album The Writing\'s on the Wall in 1999. The record features some of the group\'s most widely known songs such as "Bills, Bills, Bills", the group\'s first number-one single, "Jumpin\' Jumpin\'" and "Say My Name", which became their most successful song at the time, and would remain one of their signature songs. "Say My Name" won the Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals and the Best R&B Song at the 43rd Annual Grammy Awards. The Writing\'s on the Wall sold more than eight million copies worldwide. During this time, Beyoncé recorded a duet with Marc Nelson, an original member of Boyz II Men, on the song "After All Is Said and Done" for the soundtrack to the 1999 film, The Best Man.', ' The group was called Destiny\'s Child from 1996, inspired by a passage from the Book of Isaiah. In 1997, Destiny\'s Child released their major label debut single "Killing Time" on the Men in Black soundtrack. The following year, the group released their self-titled debut album, marking their first major success with the single "No, No, No". The album established them as a viable act in the music industry, with moderate sales and winning three Soul Train Lady of Soul awards for R&B/Soul Album of the Year, New Artist, and Best R&B/Soul or Rap Song for "No, No, No". The group released their multi-platinum album The Writing\'s on the Wall in 1999. The recording includes some of the group\'s most well-known songs such as "Bills, Bills, Bills", their first number one single, "Jumpin Jumpin" and "Say My Name", which was their most successful song at the time and remains one of their signatures. "Say My Name" won the award for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals and Best R&B Song at the 43rd Grammy Awards. The Writing\'s on the Wall sold over eight million copies worldwide. Meanwhile, Beyoncé was recording a duet with Marc Nelson, former member of Boyz II Men, for the song "After All Is Said and Done" on the soundtrack for The Best Man film of 1999.', 0.99407876, 1)
("The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849. The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University. Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges. There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college.", " The College of Letters and Arts was founded in 1842 as the first university college, with the first academic degrees awarded in 1849. The first university curriculum was modeled after the Ratio Studiorum of the Jesuits at the University of Saint-Louis. Today, the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, comprises 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and grants Bachelor of Arts degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest university college. There are approximately 2,500 licensed undergraduate students and 750 graduate students enrolled in the college.", 0.9941019, 1)
('The successful outcome of antimicrobial therapy with antibacterial compounds depends on several factors. These include host defense mechanisms, the location of infection, and the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties of the antibacterial. A bactericidal activity of antibacterials may depend on the bacterial growth phase, and it often requires ongoing metabolic activity and division of bacterial cells. These findings are based on laboratory studies, and in clinical settings have also been shown to eliminate bacterial infection. Since the activity of antibacterials depends frequently on its concentration, in vitro characterization of antibacterial activity commonly includes the determination of the minimum inhibitory concentration and minimum bactericidal concentration of an antibacterial. To predict clinical outcome, the antimicrobial activity of an antibacterial is usually combined with its pharmacokinetic profile, and several pharmacological parameters are used as markers of drug efficacy.', " The success of antibacterial treatment with antibacterial compounds depends on several factors. These include the host defense mechanisms, the location of infection, and the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties of the antibacterials. The bactericidal activity of antibacterials can depend on the bacterial growth phase, and it often requires metabolic activity and continuous cell division of bacteria. These discoveries are based on laboratory studies, and they have also been shown clinically to eliminate bacterial infections. Since the activity of an antibacterial depends frequently on its concentration, the in vitro characterization of antibacterial activity of an antibacterial includes frequently the determination of the minimum inhibitory concentration and minimum bactericidal concentration of an antibacterial. To predict clinical outcome, antibacterial activity of an antibacterial is generally combined with its pharmacokinetic profile, and several pharmacological parameters are used as markers of the drug's effectiveness.", 0.99410486, 1)
('In July 2002, Beyoncé continued her acting career playing Foxxy Cleopatra alongside Mike Myers in the comedy film, Austin Powers in Goldmember, which spent its first weekend atop the US box office and grossed $73 million. Beyoncé released "Work It Out" as the lead single from its soundtrack album which entered the top ten in the UK, Norway, and Belgium. In 2003, Beyoncé starred opposite Cuba Gooding, Jr., in the musical comedy The Fighting Temptations as Lilly, a single mother whom Gooding\'s character falls in love with. The film received mixed reviews from critics but grossed $30 million in the U.S. Beyoncé released "Fighting Temptation" as the lead single from the film\'s soundtrack album, with Missy Elliott, MC Lyte, and Free which was also used to promote the film. Another of Beyoncé\'s contributions to the soundtrack, "Summertime", fared better on the US charts.', ' In July 2002, Beyoncé pursued her acting career by interpreting Foxxy Cleopatra next to Mike Myers in the comedy film Austin Powers in Goldmember, which spent its first weekend at the top of the American box-office and grossed 73 million dollars. Beyoncé released "Work It Out" as a promotional single from her soundtrack album, which reached the top ten in the UK, Norway, and Belgium. In 2003, Beyoncé acted alongside Cuba Gooding, Jr., in the musical comedy The Fighting Temptations as Lilly, a single mother whom Gooding\'s character falls in love with. The film received mixed reviews from critics but grossed 30 million dollars in the US. Beyoncé released "Fighting Temptation" as a promotional single from the film\'s soundtrack album, in collaboration with Missy Elliott, MC Lyte, and Free, which was also used to promote the film. Another contribution of Beyoncé to the soundtrack album, "Summertime," was more successful on the American charts.', 0.99411845, 1)
('New York is a prominent location for the American entertainment industry, with many films, television series, books, and other media being set there. As of 2012, New York City was the second largest center for filmmaking and television production in the United States, producing about 200 feature films annually, employing 130,000 individuals, and generating an estimated $7.1 billion in direct expenditures, and by volume, New York is the world leader in independent film production; one-third of all American independent films are produced in New York City. The Association of Independent Commercial Producers is also based in New York. In the first five months of 2014 alone, location filming for television pilots in New York City exceeded the record production levels for all of 2013, with New York surpassing Los Angeles as the top North American city for the same distinction during the 2013/2014 cycle.', ' New York is a prime location for the American entertainment industry, with numerous films, television series, books, and other media having been produced there. According to 2012 statistics, New York City was the second largest center of film and television production in the United States, producing approximately 200 feature films per year, employing 130,000 people, and generating direct spending estimated at 7.1 billion dollars. New York is the world leader in independent film production; one-third of all American independent films are produced in New York City. The Independent Advertising Producers Association is also based in New York. In the first five months of 2014 alone, television pilot filming in New York City surpassed the record production levels for the entire year 2013. New York surpassed Los Angeles as the leading North American city for this distinction during the 2013/2014 cycle.', 0.99415314, 1)
("On June 11, 2006, the British tabloid The Mail on Sunday reported that iPods are mainly manufactured by workers who earn no more than US$50 per month and work 15-hour shifts. Apple investigated the case with independent auditors and found that, while some of the plant's labour practices met Apple's Code of Conduct, others did not: employees worked over 60 hours a week for 35% of the time, and worked more than six consecutive days for 25% of the time.", " On June 11, 2006, The Mail on Sunday reported that iPods were mainly manufactured by workers who earned no more than US$50 per month and worked 15-hour shifts. Apple investigated the case with independent auditors and found that, while some of the factories' labor practices met Apple's Code of Conduct, others did not: employees worked over 60 hours a week for 35% of the time, and worked more than six consecutive days for 25% of the time.", 0.9941675, 1)
("On October 22, 2007, Apple reported quarterly revenue of US$6.22 billion, of which 30.69% came from Apple notebook sales, 19.22% from desktop sales and 26% from iPod sales. Apple's 2007 year revenue increased to US$24.01 billion with US$3.5 billion in profits. Apple ended the fiscal year 2007 with US$15.4 billion in cash and no debt.", " On October 22, 2007, Apple reported quarterly revenues of 6.22 billion dollars US, of which 30.69% came from sales of portable computers from Apple, 19.22% from sales of desktop computers, and 26% from iPod sales. Apple's annual revenues in 2007 reached 24.01 billion dollars US with 3.5 billion dollars US in profits. Apple ended the 2007 fiscal year with 15.4 billion dollars US in liquidities and no debt.", 0.9941724, 1)
('Polish composers of the following generation included virtuosi such as Moritz Moszkowski, but, in the opinion of J. Barrie Jones, his "one worthy successor" among his compatriots was Karol Szymanowski (1882–1937). Edvard Grieg, Antonín Dvořák, Isaac Albéniz, Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky and Sergei Rachmaninoff, among others, are regarded by critics as having been influenced by Chopin\'s use of national modes and idioms. Alexander Scriabin was devoted to the music of Chopin, and his early published works include nineteen mazurkas, as well as numerous études and preludes; his teacher Nikolai Zverev drilled him in Chopin\'s works to improve his virtuosity as a performer. In the 20th century, composers who paid homage to (or in some cases parodied) the music of Chopin included George Crumb, Bohuslav Martinů, Darius Milhaud, Igor Stravinsky and Heitor Villa-Lobos.', ' The Polish composers of the following generation included virtuosos such as Moritz Moszkowski, but, according to J. Barrie Jones\' opinion, his "worthy successor" among his compatriots was Karol Szymanowski (1882–1937). Edvard Grieg, Antonín Dvořák, Isaac Albéniz, Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, and Sergei Rachmaninoff, among others, are considered by critics to have been influenced by Chopin\'s use of modes and idioms. Alexandre Scriabin was devoted to Chopin\'s music, and his first published works included nineteen mazurkas, as well as numerous studies and preludes; his teacher Nikolai Zverev guided him in Chopin\'s works to improve his virtuosity as a performer. In the 20th century, composers who paid tribute to (or in some cases parodied) Chopin\'s music included George Crumb, Bohuslav Martinů, Darius Milhaud, Igor Stravinsky, and Heitor Villa-Lobos.', 0.9942905, 1)
('In 1939, coinciding with the start of World War II, Rene Dubos reported the discovery of the first naturally derived antibiotic, tyrothricin, a compound of 20% gramicidin and 80% tyrocidine, from B. brevis. It was one of the first commercially manufactured antibiotics universally and was very effective in treating wounds and ulcers during World War II. Gramicidin, however, could not be used systemically because of toxicity. Tyrocidine also proved too toxic for systemic usage. Research results obtained during that period were not shared between the Axis and the Allied powers during the war.', ' In 1939, coinciding with the beginning of World War II, Rene Dubos reported the discovery of the first natural antibiotic, tyrothricine, composed of 20% gramicidine and 80% tyrocidine, from B. brevis. It was one of the first antibiotics put into large-scale commercial production and was very effective in treating wounds and ulcers during World War II. However, gramicidine could not be used systemically due to toxicity. Tyrocidine also proved to be too toxic for systemic use. The research results obtained during this period were not shared between the Axis Powers and the Allies during the war.', 0.99430466, 1)
("Chopin's life was covered in a BBC TV documentary Chopin – The Women Behind The Music (2010), and in a 2010 documentary realised by Angelo Bozzolini and Roberto Prosseda for Italian television.", ' Chopin\'s life was addressed in a BBC TV documentary called "Chopin – The Women Behind The Music" (2010), and in a 2010 documentary produced by Angelo Bozzolini and Roberto Prosseda for Italian television.', 0.9943049, 1)
("In the 19th century, the city was transformed by development relating to its status as a trading center, as well as by European immigration. The city adopted the Commissioners' Plan of 1811, which expanded the city street grid to encompass all of Manhattan. The 1825 completion of the Erie Canal through central New York connected the Atlantic port to the agricultural markets and commodities of the North American interior via the Hudson River and the Great Lakes. Local politics became dominated by Tammany Hall, a political machine supported by Irish and German immigrants.", " In the 19th century, the city was transformed by the development linked to its status as a commercial center, as well as European immigration. The city adopted the Plan of the Commissaries of 1811, which extended the city's road network to cover all of Manhattan. The opening in 1825 of the Erie Canal through the center of New York state connected the Atlantic port to the interior North American markets and agricultural produce through the Hudson River and the Great Lakes. Local politics were dominated by Tammany Hall, a political machine supported by Irish and German immigrants.", 0.99433386, 1)
('Anthropology is the study of humans and their societies in the past and present. Its main subdivisions are social anthropology and cultural anthropology, which describes the workings of societies around the world, linguistic anthropology, which investigates the influence of language in social life, and biological or physical anthropology, which concerns long-term development of the human organism. Archaeology, which studies past human cultures through investigation of physical evidence, is thought of as a branch of anthropology in the United States, while in Europe, it is viewed as a discipline in its own right, or grouped under other related disciplines such as history.', ' Anthropology is the study of humans and their societies in the past and present. Its main branches are social and cultural anthropology, which describes the workings of societies around the world, linguistic anthropology, which investigates the influence of language on social life, and biological or physical anthropology, which deals with the long-term development of the human organism. Archaeology, which studies human cultures through the exploration of physical evidence, is considered in the United States as a branch of anthropology, while in Europe, it is considered as a discipline in its own right or grouped under other related disciplines such as history.', 0.9943384, 1)
("Bond travels to Austria to find White, who is dying of thallium poisoning. He admits to growing disenchanted with Quantum and tells Bond to find and protect his daughter, Dr. Madeline Swann, who will take him to L'Américain; this will in turn lead him to Spectre. White then commits suicide. Bond locates Swann at the Hoffler Klinik, but she is abducted by Hinx. Bond rescues her and the two meet Q, who discovers that Sciarra's ring links Oberhauser to Bond's previous missions, identifying Le Chiffre, Dominic Greene and Raoul Silva as Spectre agents. Swann reveals that L'Américain is a hotel in Tangier.", " Bond travels to Austria to find White, who is dying of thallium poisoning. He admits to having lost faith in Quantum and asks Bond to protect his daughter, Dr. Madeleine Swann, who will lead him to L'Americain; this will in turn lead him to Spectre. White then commits suicide. Bond locates Swann at the Hoffler Klinik, but she is abducted by Hinx. Bond rescues her and the two meet Q, who discovers that Sciarra's ring links Oberhauser to Bond's previous missions, identifying Le Chiffre, Dominic Greene and Raoul Silva as Spectre agents. Swann reveals that L'Americain is a hotel in Tangier.", 0.9943472, 1)
('In November 2014, Sony Pictures Entertainment was targeted by hackers who released details of confidential e-mails between Sony executives regarding several high-profile film projects. Included within these were several memos relating to the production of Spectre, claiming that the film was over budget, detailing early drafts of the script written by John Logan, and expressing Sony\'s frustration with the project. Eon Productions later issued a statement confirming the leak of what they called "an early version of the screenplay".', ' In November 2014, Sony Pictures Entertainment was targeted by hackers who released details of confidential emails between Sony executives regarding several high-profile film projects. Among these documents were several memos related to the production of Spectre. The memos stated that the film was over budget, described early drafts of the script written by John Logan, and expressed Sony\'s frustration with the project. Eon Productions later issued a statement confirming the leak of what they called "an early version of the screenplay".', 0.9943474, 1)
('There has been much debate over categorizing the situation in Darfur as genocide. The ongoing conflict in Darfur, Sudan, which started in 2003, was declared a "genocide" by United States Secretary of State Colin Powell on 9 September 2004 in testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Since that time however, no other permanent member of the UN Security Council followed suit. In fact, in January 2005, an International Commission of Inquiry on Darfur, authorized by UN Security Council Resolution 1564 of 2004, issued a report to the Secretary-General stating that "the Government of the Sudan has not pursued a policy of genocide." Nevertheless, the Commission cautioned that "The conclusion that no genocidal policy has been pursued and implemented in Darfur by the Government authorities, directly or through the militias under their control, should not be taken in any way as detracting from the gravity of the crimes perpetrated in that region. International offences such as the crimes against humanity and war crimes that have been committed in Darfur may be no less serious and heinous than genocide."', 'There has been much debate over classifying the situation in Darfur as genocide. The ongoing conflict in Darfur, Sudan, which began in 2003, was declared a "genocide" by US Secretary of State Colin Powell on September 9, 2004, in testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. However, no permanent member of the UN Security Council followed suit. In fact, in January 2005, an International Commission of Inquiry on Darfur, authorized by UN Security Council Resolution 1564 of 2004, submitted a report to the Secretary-General stating that "the Government of Sudan has not pursued a policy of genocide." However, the Commission added that "The conclusion that no genocidal policy has been pursued and implemented in Darfur by the Government authorities, directly or through the militias under their control, should not in any way be taken as detracting from the gravity of the crimes committed in that region. International offenses such as crimes against humanity and war crimes that have been committed in Darfur may be no less serious and heinous than genocide."There has been much debate over the classification of the situation in Darfur as genocide. The ongoing conflict in Darfur, Sudan, which began in 2003, was declared a "genocide" by US Secretary of State Colin Powell on September 9, 2004, in testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. However, no permanent member of the UN Security Council endorsed this classification. In fact, in January 2005, an International Commission of Inquiry on Darfur, authorized by UN Security Council Resolution 1564 of 2004, submitted a report to the Secretary-General stating that "the Government of Sudan has not pursued a policy of genocide." However, the Commission added that "The conclusion that no genocidal policy has been pursued and implemented in Darfur by the Government authorities, directly or through the militias under their control, should not in any way be taken as detracting from the gravity of the crimes committed in that region. International offenses such as crimes against humanity and war crimes that have been committed in Darfur may be no less serious and heinous than genocide."', 0.99437416, 1)
('Both the archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira have a subtropical climate, although variations between islands exist, making weather predictions very difficult (owing to rough topography). The Madeira and Azorean archipelagos have a narrower temperature range, with annual average temperatures exceeding 20 °C (68 °F) along the coast (according to the Portuguese Meteorological Institute). Some islands in Azores do have drier months in the summer. Consequently, the island of the Azores have been identified as having a Mediterranean climate (both Csa and Csb types), while some islands (such as Flores or Corvo) are classified as Maritime Temperate (Cfb) and Humid subtropical (Cfa), respectively, according to Köppen-Geiger classification.', 'Both the Azores and Madeira archipelagos have a subtropical climate, although variations between islands exist, making weather forecasts very difficult due to rugged topography. The Madeira and Azorean archipelagos have a narrower temperature range, with annual average temperatures exceeding 20 °C (68 °F) along the coast, according to the Portuguese Meteorological Institute. Some islands in the Azores do have drier months in the summer. Consequently, the islands of the Azores have been identified as having a Mediterranean climate (both Csa and Csb types), while some islands (such as Flores or Corvo) are classified as Maritime Temperate (Cfb) and Humid subtropical (Cfa), respectively, according to Köppen-Geiger classification.', 0.9943755, 1)
("New York City's food culture includes a variety of international cuisines influenced by the city's immigrant history. Central European and Italian immigrants originally made the city famous for bagels, cheesecake, and New York-style pizza, while Chinese and other Asian restaurants, sandwich joints, trattorias, diners, and coffeehouses have become ubiquitous. Some 4,000 mobile food vendors licensed by the city, many immigrant-owned, have made Middle Eastern foods such as falafel and kebabs popular examples of modern New York street food. The city is also home to nearly one thousand of the finest and most diverse haute cuisine restaurants in the world, according to Michelin. The New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene assigns letter grades to the city's 24,000 restaurants based upon their inspection results.", " New York's food culture includes a variety of international cuisines influenced by the city's immigration history. Central European and Italian immigrants initially made the city famous for bagels, cheesecake, and New York-style pizza, while Chinese and Asian restaurants, delis, trattorias, diners, and cafeterias have become ubiquitous. Around 4,000 licensed food vendors in the city, mostly owned by immigrants, have popularized Middle Eastern foods such as falafel and kebabs as modern street food in New York. The city is also home to nearly a thousand of the world's finest and most diverse high-end restaurants, according to Michelin. The New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene grades the city's restaurants based on inspection results.", 0.9943888, 1)
("In London Chopin took lodgings at Dover Street, where the firm of Broadwood provided him with a grand piano. At his first engagement, on 15 May at Stafford House, the audience included Queen Victoria and Prince Albert. The Prince, who was himself a talented musician, moved close to the keyboard to view Chopin's technique. Broadwood also arranged concerts for him; among those attending were Thackeray and the singer Jenny Lind. Chopin was also sought after for piano lessons, for which he charged the high fee of one guinea (£1.05 in present British currency) per hour, and for private recitals for which the fee was 20 guineas. At a concert on 7 July he shared the platform with Viardot, who sang arrangements of some of his mazurkas to Spanish texts.", " In London, Chopin rented apartments at Dover Street, where Broadwood provided him with a grand piano. At his first engagement on May 15th at Stafford House, the audience included Queen Victoria and Prince Albert. The Prince, who was himself a talented musician, leaned close to the keyboard to observe Chopin's technique. Broadwood also organized concerts for him; among those who attended were Thackeray and the singer Jenny Lind. Chopin was also sought after for piano lessons, for which he charged a high hourly rate of one guinea (1.05 £ in current British currency), and for private recitals for which he was paid 20 guineas. At a concert on July 7th, he shared the stage with Viardot, who sang arrangements of some of his mazurkas with Spanish texts.", 0.9943932, 1)
('In 2015 Beyoncé signed an open letter which the ONE Campaign had been collecting signatures for; the letter was addressed to Angela Merkel and Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, urging them to focus on women as they serve as the head of the G7 in Germany and the AU in South Africa respectively, which will start to set the priorities in development funding before a main UN summit in September 2015 that will establish new development goals for the generation.', ' In 2015, Beyoncé signed an open letter that the ONE Campaign was collecting signatures for; this letter was addressed to Angela Merkel and Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, urging them to focus on women as they headed the G7 in Germany and the AU in South Africa respectively, which would set the priorities for development funding before a major United Nations conference in September 2015 that established new development goals for the next generation.', 0.99440086, 1)
('Before the release of iOS 5, the iPod branding was used for the media player included with the iPhone and iPad, a combination of the Music and Videos apps on the iPod Touch. As of iOS 5, separate apps named "Music" and "Videos" are standardized across all iOS-powered products. While the iPhone and iPad have essentially the same media player capabilities as the iPod line, they are generally treated as separate products. During the middle of 2010, iPhone sales overtook those of the iPod.', ' Before the launch of iOS 5, the iPod branding was used for the media player included with the iPhone and iPad, a combination of the Music and Videos apps on the iPod Touch. Since then, standardized apps named "Music" and "Videos" are used on all iOS-powered products. The iPhone and iPad have essentially the same media player capabilities as the iPod line, but they are generally treated as separate products. During mid-2010, iPhone sales overtook those of the iPod.', 0.99446344, 1)
('In January 2013, Destiny\'s Child released Love Songs, a compilation album of the romance-themed songs from their previous albums and a newly recorded track, "Nuclear". Beyoncé performed the American national anthem singing along with a pre-recorded track at President Obama\'s second inauguration in Washington, D.C. The following month, Beyoncé performed at the Super Bowl XLVII halftime show, held at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans. The performance stands as the second most tweeted about moment in history at 268,000 tweets per minute. At the 55th Annual Grammy Awards, Beyoncé won for Best Traditional R&B Performance for "Love on Top". Her feature-length documentary film, Life Is But a Dream, first aired on HBO on February 16, 2013. The film, which she directed and produced herself, featured footage from her childhood, her as a mother and businesswoman, recording, rehearsing for live performances, and her return to the spotlight following Blue Ivy\'s birth. Its DVD release in November 2013 was accompanied by footage from the Revel Presents: Beyoncé Live concerts and a new song, "God Made You Beautiful". In February 2013, Beyoncé signed a global publishing agreement with Warner/Chappell Music, which would cover her future songwriting and then-upcoming studio album.', ' In January 2013, Destiny\'s Child released Love Songs, a compilation album of love-themed songs from their previous albums and a new recording, "Nuclear". Beyoncé performed the U.S. national anthem singing a duet with a previously recorded track at President Obama\'s second term inauguration in Washington, D.C. The following month, Beyoncé performed at Super Bowl XLVII, held at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans. The performance remains the second most tweeted moment in history with 268,000 tweets per minute. At the 55th Grammy Awards, Beyoncé won the award for Best R&B Performance for "Love on Top". Her long-form documentary film, Life Is But a Dream, aired on HBO on February 16, 2013. She directed and produced the film herself, which included images of her childhood, motherhood, entrepreneurship, rehearsing for live performances, and her return to the stage following the birth of Blue Ivy. The DVD release in November 2013 included footage from Revel Presents: Beyoncé Live concerts and a new song, "God Made You Beautiful". In February 2013, Beyoncé signed a global publishing deal with Warner/Chappell Music, covering her future songwriting and her upcoming studio album.', 0.99450105, 1)
("The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments. Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61. Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice. The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974. The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team. The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P. Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season. The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record. In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship. The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East. During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky. Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season. The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09.", " The men's basketball team has over 1,600 victories, making it one of the 12 schools to reach this figure, and has participated in 28 NCAA tournaments. Former player Austin Carr holds the record for the most points scored in a single tournament game with 61. Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, it has been named national champions twice by the Helms Foundation. The team has handed defeats to several number one ranked teams, the most notable being the end of UCLA's 88-game winning streak in 1974. The team has defeated another number one ranked team additional times, and these ten victories rank second, behind the ten victories of UCLA, all-time against number one ranked teams. The team plays in Purcell Pavilion (in the Edmund P. Joyce Center), which reopened for the start of the 2009–2010 season. The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, at the end of the 2014–15 season, had a career record of 332 victories and 165 defeats. In 2009, they were invited to the NIT, where they reached the semifinals but lost to Penn State, who went on to defeat Baylor in the final. The 2010–11 team finished the regular season ranked seventh in the country, with a record of 25-5, marking the fourth consecutive season of twenty victories for Brey, and a second place finish in the Big East. During the 2014-15 season, the team recorded 32 victories and won the ACC conference tournament, later reaching the round of 16, where the Irish lost to the undefeated Kentucky Wildcats. Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Irish defeated Duke twice during the season. The 32 victories were the most for the team since 1908-09.", 0.9945282, 1)
("During the December 2014 press conference announcing the start of filming, Aston Martin and Eon unveiled the new DB10 as the official car for the film. The DB10 was designed in collaboration between Aston Martin and the filmmakers, with only 10 being produced especially for Spectre as a celebration of the 50th anniversary of the company's association with the franchise. Only eight of those 10 were used for the film, however; the remaining two were used for promotional work. After modifying the Jaguar C-X75 for the film, Williams F1 carried the 007 logo on their cars at the 2015 Mexican Grand Prix, with the team playing host to the cast and crew ahead of the Mexican premiere of the film.", " During the December 2014 press conference announcing the start of filming, Aston Martin and Eon revealed the new generation DB10 as the official car for the film. The DB10 was designed in collaboration between Aston Martin and the directors, with only 10 special units produced specifically for Spectre due to the 50th anniversary of the company's collaboration with the franchise. However, only eight of these 10 were used in the film; the two remaining were used for promotional purposes. After modifying the Jaguar C-X75 for the film, Williams F1 displayed cars with the 007 logo at the 2015 Mexican Grand Prix. The team welcomed the casting and technical crew before the Mexican film premiere at the cinema.Translation: During the December 2014 press conference announcing the start of filming, Aston Martin and Eon unveiled the new generation DB10 as the official car for the film. The DB10 was designed in collaboration between Aston Martin and the directors, with only 10 special units produced specifically for Spectre due to the 50th anniversary of the company's collaboration with the franchise. However, only eight of these 10 were used in the film; the two remaining were used for promotional purposes. After modifying the Jaguar C-X75 for the film, Williams F1 showcased cars bearing the 007 logo at the 2015 Mexican Grand Prix. The team welcomed the casting and technical crew before the Mexican film premiere at the cinema.", 0.9945349, 1)
('At the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards, Beyoncé received ten nominations, including Album of the Year for I Am... Sasha Fierce, Record of the Year for "Halo", and Song of the Year for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)", among others. She tied with Lauryn Hill for most Grammy nominations in a single year by a female artist. In 2010, Beyoncé was featured on Lady Gaga\'s single "Telephone" and its music video. The song topped the US Pop Songs chart, becoming the sixth number-one for both Beyoncé and Gaga, tying them with Mariah Carey for most number-ones since the Nielsen Top 40 airplay chart launched in 1992. "Telephone" received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals.', ' At the 52nd Grammy Awards, Beyoncé received ten nominations, including Album of the Year for I Am... Sasha Fierce, Record of the Year for "Halo", and Song of the Year for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)", among others. She tied with Lauryn Hill for the most nominations in one year for a female artist. In 2010, Beyoncé appeared on Lady Gaga\'s single "Telephone" and in its music video. The song reached the first place on the US Pop Songs chart, making it the sixth number one for both of them, tying them with Mariah Carey for the most number ones since the Nielsen Top 40 Airplay Chart was launched in 1992. "Telephone" received a Grammy Award nomination in the Best Pop Vocal Collaboration category.', 0.9945546, 1)
('Spectre has received mixed reviews, with many reviewers either giving the film highly positive or highly negative feedback. Many critics praised the film\'s opening scene, action sequences, stuntwork, cinematography and performances from the cast. In some early reviews, the film received favourable comparisons with its predecessor, Skyfall. Rotten Tomatoes sampled 274 reviews and judged 64% of the critiques to be positive, saying that the film "nudges Daniel Craig\'s rebooted Bond closer to the glorious, action-driven spectacle of earlier entries, although it\'s admittedly reliant on established 007 formula." On Metacritic, the film has a rating of 60 out of 100, based on 48 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A−" on an A+ to F scale.', 'Spectre has received mixed reviews. Many reviewers have given the film highly positive or highly negative feedback. The film\'s opening scene, action sequences, stuntwork, cinematography, and performances from the cast have been praised by many critics. Some early reviews drew favorable comparisons with its predecessor, Skyfall. Rotten Tomatoes analyzed 274 reviews and deemed 64% of them positive, stating that the film "nudges Daniel Craig\'s rebooted Bond closer to the glorious, action-driven spectacle of earlier entries, although it is admittedly reliant on established 007 formula." On Metacritic, the film has a rating of 60 out of 100, based on 48 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews." Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A−" on an A+ to F scale.', 0.99456763, 1)
('News reports indicate that the poorer, rural villages were hardest hit. Swaminathan Krishnan, assistant professor of civil engineering and geophysics at the California Institute of Technology said: "the earthquake occurred in the rural part of China. Presumably, many of the buildings were just built; they were not designed, so to speak." Swaminathan Krishnan further added: "There are very strong building codes in China, which take care of earthquake issues and seismic design issues. But many of these buildings presumably were quite old and probably were not built with any regulations overseeing them."', 'The news reports indicate that the poorer, rural villages were the hardest hit. Swaminathan Krishnan, assistant professor of civil engineering and geophysics at the California Institute of Technology stated: "The earthquake occurred in the rural part of China. Presumably, many of the buildings there had not been built; they had not been designed, so to speak." Swaminathan Krishnan further stated: "There are very strong building codes in China, which take care of earthquake issues and seismic design issues. But many of these buildings, presumably, were quite old and probably were not built with any regulations overseeing them."', 0.99456847, 1)
("Following the death of Freddie Gray, Beyoncé and Jay-Z, among other notable figures, met with his family. After the imprisonment of protesters of Gray's death, Beyoncé and Jay-Z donated thousands of dollars to bail them out.", " Following Freddie Gray's death, Beyoncé and Jay-Z, along with other notable figures, met with his family. After the imprisonment of protesters in connection to Gray's death, Beyoncé and Jay-Z donated thousands of dollars for their bail money.", 0.9946443, 1)
('Following the discovery of a buffer overflow vulnerability in the Wii version of Twilight Princess, an exploit known as the "Twilight Hack" was developed, allowing the execution of custom code from a Secure Digital (SD) card on the console. A properly designed save file would cause the game to load unsigned code, which could include Executable and Linkable Format (ELF) programs and homebrew Wii applications. Versions 3.3 and 3.4 of the Wii Menu prevented copying exploited save files onto the console until circumvention methods were discovered, and version 4.0 of the Wii Menu patched the vulnerability.', ' Following the discovery of a buffer overflow vulnerability in the Wii version of Twilight Princess, an exploit known as the "Twilight Hack" was developed, allowing the execution of custom code from an SD card on the console. A properly designed save file would cause the game to load unsigned code, which could include ELF executable programs and homebrew Wii applications. Versions 3.3 and 3.4 of the Wii Menu prevented copying exploited save files onto the console until circumvention methods were discovered. Version 4.0 of the Wii Menu patched the vulnerability.', 0.9946703, 1)
('Under Territorial Governor Thomas Meagher, Montanans held a constitutional convention in 1866 in a failed bid for statehood. A second constitutional convention was held in Helena in 1884 that produced a constitution ratified 3:1 by Montana citizens in November 1884. For political reasons, Congress did not approve Montana statehood until 1889. Congress approved Montana statehood in February 1889 and President Grover Cleveland signed an omnibus bill granting statehood to Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota and Washington once the appropriate state constitutions were crafted. In July 1889, Montanans convened their third constitutional convention and produced a constitution acceptable by the people and the federal government. On November 8, 1889 President Benjamin Harrison proclaimed Montana the forty-first state in the union. The first state governor was Joseph K. Toole. In the 1880s, Helena (the current state capital) had more millionaires per capita than any other United States city.', 'Under Governor territorial Thomas Meagher, Montanans held a constitutional convention in Helena in 1866, in a failed attempt for statehood. A second constitutional convention took place in Helena in 1884, which produced a constitution ratified 3:1 by Montana citizens in November 1884. For political reasons, Congress had not approved Montana statehood in 1889. Congress approved Montana statehood in February 1889, and President Grover Cleveland signed a bill granting statehood to Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Washington once appropriate constitutions were written. In July 1889, Montanans convened their third constitutional convention and produced an acceptable constitution for the people and federal government. On November 8, 1889, President Benjamin Harrison proclaimed Montana the forty-first state of the Union. The first state governor was Joseph K. Toole. In the 1880s, Helena (the current capital) had more millionaires per capita than any other city in the United States.', 0.9946706, 1)
("The Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace. It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies. It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B. Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc. The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev. Theodore M. Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame. The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices.", " The Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, teaching, and practicing ways to understand the causes of violent conflicts and the conditions for sustainable peace. It offers doctoral, master's, and graduate degrees in peace studies. It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B. Kroc, widow of former McDonald's owner Ray Kroc. The institute was inspired by the vision of Father Theodore M. Hesburgh CSC, former president of the University of Notre Dame. The institute has contributed to international discussions on peacebuilding practices.", 0.9946729, 1)
("The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall. A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015. Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room. The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country.", " The library system also includes annexes for Architecture, Chemistry and Physics, Engineering, Law and Mathematics, as well as information centers in the Kellogg School of Business, the Kellogg School for International Studies, the Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall. A theology library was also opened in the spring of 2015. Located on the ground floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a residence hall. The library system owns over three million volumes, was the largest university library in the world at its opening, and remains one of the hundred largest libraries in the country.", 0.9947175, 0)
("Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish. They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year. The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13. Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball. The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887. Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East.", " The Notre Dame teams are known as Fighting Irish. They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013-14 academic year. The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference until the 2012-13 academic year. The men's sports include baseball, basketball, canoe-kayak, cross-country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming and diving, tennis and track and field. The women's sports include basketball, cross-country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming and diving, tennis, track and field and volleyball. The football team competes as an Independent FBS team since its creation in 1887. The two fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East.", 0.9947372, 1)
('It was temporarily under the control of the Tibetan empire and Chinese from 650–680 and then under the control of the Umayyads in 710. The Samanid Empire, 819 to 999, restored Persian control of the region and enlarged the cities of Samarkand and Bukhara (both cities are today part of Uzbekistan) which became the cultural centers of Iran and the region was known as Khorasan. The Kara-Khanid Khanate conquered Transoxania (which corresponds approximately with modern-day Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, southern Kyrgyzstan and southwest Kazakhstan) and ruled between 999–1211. Their arrival in Transoxania signaled a definitive shift from Iranian to Turkic predominance in Central Asia, but gradually the Kara-khanids became assimilated into the Perso-Arab Muslim culture of the region.', ' He was under the temporary control of the Tibetan and Chinese empire between 650-680, then under the control of the Omayyads in 710. The Samanid Empire, from 819 to 999, restored Persian control over the region and expanded the cities of Samarkand and Bukhara (these two cities are part of modern Uzbekistan today), which became the cultural centers of Iran, and the region was known as Khorasan. The Karakhanid Khanate conquered Transoxania (approximately corresponding to modern Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, southern Kirghizistan, and western Kazakhstan) and ruled from 999-1211. Their arrival in Transoxania marked a definitive determination of Turkish dominance in Central Asia, but gradually the Karakhanides assimilated to the Persian-Arab Muslim culture of the region.', 0.99473864, 1)
('The games are in the form of .ipg files, which are actually .zip archives in disguise[citation needed]. When unzipped, they reveal executable files along with common audio and image files, leading to the possibility of third party games. Apple has not publicly released a software development kit (SDK) for iPod-specific development. Apps produced with the iPhone SDK are compatible only with the iOS on the iPod Touch and iPhone, which cannot run clickwheel-based games.', ' The games come in the form of .ipg files, which are in fact disguised .zip archives [citation needed]. When decompressed, they reveal executable files as well as common images and sounds, leading to the possibility of third-party games. Apple has not publicly made available a specific software development kit (SDK) for iPod. Applications produced with the iPhone SDK are only compatible with iOS on iPod Touch and iPhone, which cannot run games based on the clickwheel.', 0.994759, 1)
('After Hurricane Katrina in 2005, Beyoncé and Rowland founded the Survivor Foundation to provide transitional housing for victims in the Houston area, to which Beyoncé contributed an initial $250,000. The foundation has since expanded to work with other charities in the city, and also provided relief following Hurricane Ike three years later.', ' After Hurricane Katrina in 2005, Beyoncé and Rowland established the Survivor Foundation to provide temporary housing for victims in the Houston region. Beyoncé made an initial contribution of $250,000 to the foundation. Since then, the foundation has broadened its scope by working with other charities in the city, and also provided aid following Hurricane Ike three years later.', 0.9947832, 1)
("The annual United States Open Tennis Championships is one of the world's four Grand Slam tennis tournaments and is held at the National Tennis Center in Flushing Meadows-Corona Park, Queens. The New York Marathon is one of the world's largest, and the 2004–2006 events hold the top three places in the marathons with the largest number of finishers, including 37,866 finishers in 2006. The Millrose Games is an annual track and field meet whose featured event is the Wanamaker Mile. Boxing is also a prominent part of the city's sporting scene, with events like the Amateur Boxing Golden Gloves being held at Madison Square Garden each year. The city is also considered the host of the Belmont Stakes, the last, longest and oldest of horse racing's Triple Crown races, held just over the city's border at Belmont Park on the first or second Sunday of June. The city also hosted the 1932 U.S. Open golf tournament and the 1930 and 1939 PGA Championships, and has been host city for both events several times, most notably for nearby Winged Foot Golf Club.", ' The US Open Tennis Championship is one of the four Grand Slam tennis tournaments worldwide and takes place at the National Tennis Center, in Flushing Meadows-Corona Park, Queens. The New York Marathon is one of the biggest marathons in the world, and the events of 2004-2006 occupy the three top spots in terms of number of finishers, with 37,866 finishers in 2006. The Millrose Games is an annual track and field event, with its featured event being the Wanamaker Mile. Boxing is also an important sports scene in the city, with events such as the Amateur Golden Gloves Boxing, held at Madison Square Garden every year. The city is also considered the host of the Belmont Stakes, the last, longest, and oldest race in the Triple Crown, held just beyond the city limits at Belmont Park on the first or second Sunday of June. The city has also hosted the 1932 US Open Golf Championship and the 1930 and 1939 PGA Championships, and has been the host city for both events several times, notably for the neighboring Winged Foot Golf Club.', 0.9948151, 1)
('Following the disbandment of Destiny\'s Child in June 2005, she released her second solo album, B\'Day (2006), which contained hits "Déjà Vu", "Irreplaceable", and "Beautiful Liar". Beyoncé also ventured into acting, with a Golden Globe-nominated performance in Dreamgirls (2006), and starring roles in The Pink Panther (2006) and Obsessed (2009). Her marriage to rapper Jay Z and portrayal of Etta James in Cadillac Records (2008) influenced her third album, I Am... Sasha Fierce (2008), which saw the birth of her alter-ego Sasha Fierce and earned a record-setting six Grammy Awards in 2010, including Song of the Year for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)". Beyoncé took a hiatus from music in 2010 and took over management of her career; her fourth album 4 (2011) was subsequently mellower in tone, exploring 1970s funk, 1980s pop, and 1990s soul. Her critically acclaimed fifth studio album, Beyoncé (2013), was distinguished from previous releases by its experimental production and exploration of darker themes.', ' After Destiny\'s Child disbanded in June 2005, she released her second solo album, BDay (2006), with hits "Déjà Vu", "Irreplaceable", and "Beautiful Liar". Beyoncé also ventured into acting, earning a Golden Globe award for Dreamgirls (2006) and starring in The Pink Panther (2006) and Obsessed (2009). Her marriage to rapper Jay Z and her portrayal of Etta James in Cadillac Records (2008) influenced her third album, I Am... Sasha Fierce (2008), which gave birth to her alter-ego Sasha Fierce and earned six 2010 Grammy Awards, including Record of the Year for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)". Beyoncé took a break from music in 2010 and took control of her career; her fourth album 4 (2011) was more melancholic in tone, exploring 1970s funk, 1980s pop, and 1990s soul. Her fifth studio album, Beyoncé (2013), was distinguished from her previous work by its experimental production and exploration of darker themes.', 0.994838, 1)
("The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess is an action-adventure game focused on combat, exploration, and item collection. It uses the basic control scheme introduced in Ocarina of Time, including context-sensitive action buttons and L-targeting (Z-targeting on the Wii), a system that allows the player to keep Link's view focused on an enemy or important object while moving and attacking. Link can walk, run, and attack, and will automatically jump when running off of or reaching for a ledge.[c] Link uses a sword and shield in combat, complemented with secondary weapons and items, including a bow and arrows, a boomerang, bombs, and the Clawshot (similar to the Hookshot introduced earlier in the The Legend of Zelda series).[d] While L-targeting, projectile-based weapons can be fired at a target without the need for manual aiming.[c]", " The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess is an action-adventure game that centers around combat, exploration, and item collection. It uses the basic control scheme introduced in Ocarina of Time, which includes context-sensitive action buttons and L-targeting (Z-targeting on the Wii), allowing the player to maintain Link's view on an enemy or important object while moving and attacking. Link can walk, run, and attack, and jumps automatically when running off of or reaching for a ledge. [c] Link uses a sword and shield in combat, along with secondary weapons and items, such as a bow and arrows, a boomerang, bombs, and the Clawshot (similar to the Hookshot previously in The Legend of Zelda series). [d] Projectile-based weapons can be fired at a target using L-targeting without the need for manual aiming. [c] .", 0.9948635, 1)
('In 2001, she became the first African-American woman and second woman songwriter to win the Pop Songwriter of the Year award at the American Society of Composers, Authors, and Publishers Pop Music Awards. Beyoncé was the third woman to have writing credits on three number one songs ("Irreplaceable", "Grillz" and "Check on It") in the same year, after Carole King in 1971 and Mariah Carey in 1991. She is tied with American songwriter Diane Warren at third with nine songwriting credits on number-one singles. (The latter wrote her 9/11-motivated song "I Was Here" for 4.) In May 2011, Billboard magazine listed Beyoncé at number 17 on their list of the "Top 20 Hot 100 Songwriters", for having co-written eight singles that hit number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. She was one of only three women on that list.', ' In 2001, she became the first black American woman and the second woman songwriter to receive the Song of the Year award at the Pop Music Awards of the Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers. Beyoncé was the third woman to have co-writing credits on three number-one singles ("Irreplaceable," "Grillz," and "Check on It") in the same year, after Carole King in 1971 and Mariah Carey in 1991. She is tied with American songwriter Diane Warren in third place with nine credits as a co-writer on number-one singles. (She wrote the motivational song "I Was Here" for 4 following the September 11 attacks for Diane.) In May 2011, Billboard magazine listed her at number 17 on their list of the "Top 20 Hot 100 Songwriters," due to eight songs she had co-written that reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100. She was one of only three women on this list.', 0.9948802, 1)
('Sonam Gyatso, after being granted the grandiose title by Altan Khan, departed for Tibet. Before he left, he sent a letter and gifts to the Ming Chinese official Zhang Juzheng (1525–1582), which arrived on March 12, 1579. Sometime in August or September of that year, Sonam Gyatso\'s representative stationed with Altan Khan received a return letter and gift from the Wanli Emperor (r. 1572–1620), who also conferred upon Sonam Gyatso a title; this was the first official contact between a Dalai Lama and a government of China. However, Laird states that when Wanli invited him to Beijing, the Dalai Lama declined the offer due to a prior commitment, even though he was only 400 km (250 mi) from Beijing. Laird adds that "the power of the Ming emperor did not reach very far at the time." Although not recorded in any official Chinese records, Sonam Gyatso\'s biography states that Wanli again conferred titles on Sonam Gyatso in 1588, and invited him to Beijing for a second time, but Sonam Gyatso was unable to visit China as he died the same year in Mongolia working with Altan Khan\'s son to further the spread of Buddhism.', 'Sonam Gyatso, having been granted a grand title by Altan Khan, departed for Tibet. Before leaving, he sent a letter and gifts to the Ming Chinese official Zhang Juzheng (1525–1582). These arrived on March 12, 1579. At some point in August or September of that year, Sonam Gyatso\'s representative stationed with Altan Khan received a return letter and gift from the Wanli Emperor (r. 1572–1620), who also conferred upon Sonam Gyatso a title. This marked the first official contact between a Dalai Lama and the Chinese government. However, according to Laird, when Wanli invited him to Beijing, the Dalai Lama declined the offer due to a prior commitment, even though he was only 400 km (250 mi) from Beijing. Laird adds that "the power of the Ming emperor did not reach very far at the time." Although not recorded in any official Chinese records, Sonam Gyatso\'s biography states that Wanli conferred additional titles on Sonam Gyatso in 1588 and invited him to Beijing for a second time. However, Sonam Gyatso was unable to visit China as he died the same year in Mongolia while working with Altan Khan\'s son to further the spread of Buddhism.', 0.99492437, 1)
('Commercial solar water heaters began appearing in the United States in the 1890s. These systems saw increasing use until the 1920s but were gradually replaced by cheaper and more reliable heating fuels. As with photovoltaics, solar water heating attracted renewed attention as a result of the oil crises in the 1970s but interest subsided in the 1980s due to falling petroleum prices. Development in the solar water heating sector progressed steadily throughout the 1990s and growth rates have averaged 20% per year since 1999. Although generally underestimated, solar water heating and cooling is by far the most widely deployed solar technology with an estimated capacity of 154 GW as of 2007.', " Solar water heaters in commerce emerged in the United States in the 1890s. These systems gained widespread use until the 1920s, but they were gradually replaced by cheaper and more reliable heating fuels. Similar to photovoltaics, solar water heating regained attention due to the oil crises in the 1970s, but interest waned in the 1980s due to falling oil prices. The water solar heating sector's development continued regularly during the 1990s, and growth rates averaged approximately 20% per year since 1999. Despite being underestimated, solar water heating and water cooling are the most widely deployed solar technology with an estimated capacity of 154 GW in 2007.", 0.99492633, 1)
('Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I. Jenkins, C.S.C., the 17th president of the university. Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005. In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies. During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium.', 'Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I. Jenkins, C.S.C., the 17th president of the university. Jenkins succeeded Malloy on July 1, 2005. In his inaugural speech, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leading ethical research institution and strengthening the link between faith and studies. During his tenure, Notre Dame increased its endowment, expanded its student body, and underwent numerous construction projects on campus, including the Compton Family Ice Arena, a new school of architecture, additional residences, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400 million improvement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium.', 0.9949479, 1)
('In the PAL region, which covers most of Africa, Asia, Europe, and Oceania, Twilight Princess is the best-selling entry in the Zelda series. During its first week, the game was sold with three of every four Wii purchases. The game had sold 5.82 million copies on the Wii as of March 31, 2011[update], and 1.32 million on the GameCube as of March 31, 2007[update].', ' In the PAL region, which covers most of Africa, Asia, Europe, and Oceania, Twilight Princess is the best-selling game in the Zelda series. In its first week, the game was sold with three out of four Wii purchases. By March 31, 2011 [update], the game had sold 5.82 million copies on Wii, and 1.32 million copies on GameCube by March 31, 2007 [update].', 0.99497986, 1)
("Despite repeated efforts by the Tajik government to improve and expand health care, the system remains extremely underdeveloped and poor, with severe shortages of medical supplies. The state's Ministry of Labor and Social Welfare reported that 104,272 disabled people are registered in Tajikistan (2000). This group of people suffers most from poverty in Tajikistan. The government of Tajikistan and the World Bank considered activities to support this part of the population described in the World Bank's Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper. Public expenditure on health was at 1% of the GDP in 2004.", " Despite the repeated efforts of the Tajik government to improve and expand the healthcare system, it remains extremely underdeveloped and poor, with serious shortages of medical equipment. The Ministry of Labor and Social Welfare of the State reported that 104,272 disabled persons are registered in Tajikistan (2000). This group of people suffers the most from poverty in Tajikistan. The government of Tajikistan and the World Bank have considered activities to support this segment of the population as described in the World Bank's poverty reduction document. Public healthcare expenditures were at 1% of GDP in 2004.", 0.99498165, 1)
('The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849. The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty. With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them. The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university\'s administration, classrooms, and dormitories. Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier. By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building.', ' The first diplomas from the college were awarded in 1849. The university expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and professors. With each new president, new academic programs were implemented and new buildings were constructed to house them. The original main building built by Sorin shortly after his arrival was replaced by a "main building" larger in size in 1865, which housed the university administration, classrooms, and residences. Since 1873, a collection of books was started by Father Lemonnier. By 1879, it had grown to ten thousand volumes which were housed in the main building.', 0.99499977, 1)
('This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home. The university founder, Fr. Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev. William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University. Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879. The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards. Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened. Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school. By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883. The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university.', ' This Main Building, along with the library collection, were completely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school immediately closed and the students were sent home. The founder of the university, P. Sorin, and the president at that time, Father William Corby, immediately planned the reconstruction of the building that housed almost entirely the University. Construction began on May 17, and thanks to the incredible zeal of the administrators and workers, the building was completed before mid-fall of 1879. The library collection was also rebuilt and remained housed in the New Main Building for several years after. Around the time of the fire, a music room opened. Eventually, it became known as Washington Hall, and it welcomed theatrical performances and musical groups presented by the school. As early as 1880, a scientific program was established at the university, and a science building (today the LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883. This building housed several classrooms and necessary science laboratories for the first university research.', 0.9950451, 1)
("Montana has a larger Native American population numerically and percentage-wise than most U.S. states. Although the state ranked 45th in population (according to the 2010 U.S. Census), it ranked 19th in total native people population. Native people constituted 6.5 percent of the state's total population, the sixth highest percentage of all 50 states. Montana has three counties in which Native Americans are a majority: Big Horn, Glacier, and Roosevelt. Other counties with large Native American populations include Blaine, Cascade, Hill, Missoula, and Yellowstone counties. The state's Native American population grew by 27.9 percent between 1980 and 1990 (at a time when Montana's entire population rose just 1.6 percent), and by 18.5 percent between 2000 and 2010. As of 2009, almost two-thirds of Native Americans in the state live in urban areas. Of Montana's 20 largest cities, Polson (15.7 percent), Havre (13.0 percent), Great Falls (5.0 percent), Billings (4.4 percent), and Anaconda (3.1 percent) had the greatest percentage of Native American residents in 2010. Billings (4,619), Great Falls (2,942), Missoula (1,838), Havre (1,210), and Polson (706) have the most Native Americans living there. The state's seven reservations include more than twelve distinct Native American ethnolinguistic groups.", " Montana has a larger Native American population numerically and percentage-wise than most states in the U.S. Despite ranking 45th in population (according to the 2010 US Census), it ranks 19th in total Native American population. Native Americans made up 6.5% of the state's total population, which is the sixth highest percentage among all 50 states. Montana has three counties where Native Americans are the majority: Big Horn, Glacier, and Roosevelt. Other counties with significant Native American populations include Blaine, Cascade, Hill, Missoula, and Yellowstone. The Native American population of the state increased by 27.9% between 1980 and 1990 (during a time when the state's population only grew by 1.6%), and by 18.5% between 2000 and 2010. According to the 2009 census, nearly two-thirds of Montana's Native Americans lived in urban areas. Among the 20 largest cities in the state, Polson (15.7%), Havre (13%), Great Falls (5%), Billings (4.4%), and Anaconda (3.1%) had the highest percentage of Native American residents in 2010. Billings (4,619), Great Falls (2,942), Missoula (1,838), Havre (1,210), and Polson (706) had the most Native Americans residing there. The state's seven reservations include over twelve distinct Native American ethnic-linguistic groups.", 0.9950484, 1)
('In its 2013 ParkScore ranking, The Trust for Public Land reported that the park system in New York City was the second best park system among the 50 most populous U.S. cities, behind the park system of Minneapolis. ParkScore ranks urban park systems by a formula that analyzes median park size, park acres as percent of city area, the percent of city residents within a half-mile of a park, spending of park services per resident, and the number of playgrounds per 10,000 residents.', " In its 2013 ParkScore ranking, The Trust for Public Land reported that New York's park system is the second best among the 50 most populated cities in the United States, behind Minneapolis's park system. The ParkScore ranking evaluates urban park systems by analyzing the median park size, the percentage of city area in parks, the percentage of city residents within a half-mile of a park, the per-capita spending on park services, and the number of playgrounds per 10,000 residents.", 0.9950843, 1)
('Travel and tourism continue to be extremely important for Portugal, with visitor numbers forecast to increase significantly in the future.[citation needed] However, the increasing competition from Eastern European destinations continues to develop, with the presence of similar attractions that are often cheaper in countries such as Croatia. Consequently, it has been necessary for the country to focus upon its niche attractions, such as health, nature and rural tourism, to stay ahead of its competitors.', ' Tourism and travel remain extremely important for Portugal, with visitor numbers expected to significantly increase in the future. [réf. necessary] However, increasing competition from Eastern Europe destinations continues to develop, with similar attractions and often cheaper prices in countries such as Croatia. Therefore, it has been necessary for the country to focus on its niche attractions, such as health, nature, and rural tourism, to stay ahead of its competitors.', 0.99508625, 1)
('According to R. J. Rummel, genocide has 3 different meanings. The ordinary meaning is murder by government of people due to their national, ethnic, racial, or religious group membership. The legal meaning of genocide refers to the international treaty, the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide. This also includes non-killings that in the end eliminate the group, such as preventing births or forcibly transferring children out of the group to another group. A generalized meaning of genocide is similar to the ordinary meaning but also includes government killings of political opponents or otherwise intentional murder. It is to avoid confusion regarding what meaning is intended that Rummel created the term democide for the third meaning.', 'According to R. J. Rummel, genocide has three different meanings. The ordinary meaning is the murder by government of people due to their national, ethnic, racial, or religious group membership. The legal meaning of genocide refers to the international treaty, the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide. This also includes non-killings that in the end eliminate the group, such as preventing births or forcibly transferring children out of the group to another group. A generalized meaning of genocide is similar to the ordinary meaning but also includes government killings of political opponents or otherwise intentional murder. It is to avoid confusion regarding what meaning is intended that Rummel created the term democide for the third meaning.', 0.9951113, 1)
('The Hudson River flows through the Hudson Valley into New York Bay. Between New York City and Troy, New York, the river is an estuary. The Hudson River separates the city from the U.S. state of New Jersey. The East River—a tidal strait—flows from Long Island Sound and separates the Bronx and Manhattan from Long Island. The Harlem River, another tidal strait between the East and Hudson Rivers, separates most of Manhattan from the Bronx. The Bronx River, which flows through the Bronx and Westchester County, is the only entirely fresh water river in the city.', ' The Hudson River flows through the Hudson Valley towards New York Bay. Between New York and Troy, New York, the river is an estuary. The Hudson River separates the city and state of New York from New Jersey. The East River, another tidal strait, flows from the Long Island Sound and separates the Bronx and Manhattan from Long Island. The Harlem River, another tidal strait between the East River and the Hudson River, separates most of Manhattan from the Bronx. The Bronx River, which flows through the Bronx and Westchester County, is the only entirely freshwater river in the city.', 0.99511987, 1)
("New York City has the largest European and non-Hispanic white population of any American city. At 2.7 million in 2012, New York's non-Hispanic white population is larger than the non-Hispanic white populations of Los Angeles (1.1 million), Chicago (865,000), and Houston (550,000) combined. The European diaspora residing in the city is very diverse. According to 2012 Census estimates, there were roughly 560,000 Italian Americans, 385,000 Irish Americans, 253,000 German Americans, 223,000 Russian Americans, 201,000 Polish Americans, and 137,000 English Americans. Additionally, Greek and French Americans numbered 65,000 each, with those of Hungarian descent estimated at 60,000 people. Ukrainian and Scottish Americans numbered 55,000 and 35,000, respectively. People identifying ancestry from Spain numbered 30,838 total in 2010. People of Norwegian and Swedish descent both stood at about 20,000 each, while people of Czech, Lithuanian, Portuguese, Scotch-Irish, and Welsh descent all numbered between 12,000–14,000 people. Arab Americans number over 160,000 in New York City, with the highest concentration in Brooklyn. Central Asians, primarily Uzbek Americans, are a rapidly growing segment of the city's non-Hispanic white population, enumerating over 30,000, and including over half of all Central Asian immigrants to the United States, most settling in Queens or Brooklyn. Albanian Americans are most highly concentrated in the Bronx.", ' New York City has the largest European and non-Hispanic population of any city in the United States. Around 2.7 million in 2012, the European and non-Hispanic population of New York is larger than those of Los Angeles (1.1 million), Chicago (865,000), and Houston (550,000) combined. The European diaspora living in the city is highly diverse. According to the 2012 census estimates, there were approximately 560,000 Americans of Italian origin, 385,000 Americans of Irish origin, 253,000 Americans of German origin, 223,000 Americans of Russian origin, 201,000 Americans of Polish origin, and 137,000 Americans of English origin. In addition, there were 65,000 Americans of Greek origin and 60,000 Americans of French origin. The Americans of Ukrainian and Scottish origin numbered 55,000 and 35,000, respectively. The people of Spanish origin numbered 30,838 in total in 2010. The Norwegian and Swedish populations were approximately 20,000 each, while the Czech, Lithuanian, Portuguese, Irish-Scottish, and Welsh populations all numbered between 12,000 and 14,000 people. The Americans of Arab origin number over 160,000 in New York, with the highest concentration in Brooklyn. Central Asians, primarily American Uzbeks, are a rapidly growing non-Hispanic Asian population, numbering over 30,000 and comprising more than half of the Central Asian immigrants to the United States, most settling in Queens or Brooklyn. The Americans of Albanian origin are most concentrated in the Bronx.', 0.99514526, 1)
("Lower Manhattan is the third-largest central business district in the United States and is home to the New York Stock Exchange, on Wall Street, and the NASDAQ, at 165 Broadway, representing the world's largest and second largest stock exchanges, respectively, when measured both by overall average daily trading volume and by total market capitalization of their listed companies in 2013. Investment banking fees on Wall Street totaled approximately $40 billion in 2012, while in 2013, senior New York City bank officers who manage risk and compliance functions earned as much as $324,000 annually. In fiscal year 2013–14, Wall Street's securities industry generated 19% of New York State's tax revenue. New York City remains the largest global center for trading in public equity and debt capital markets, driven in part by the size and financial development of the U.S. economy.:31–32 In July 2013, NYSE Euronext, the operator of the New York Stock Exchange, took over the administration of the London interbank offered rate from the British Bankers Association. New York also leads in hedge fund management; private equity; and the monetary volume of mergers and acquisitions. Several investment banks and investment mangers headquartered in Manhattan are important participants in other global financial centers.:34–35 New York is also the principal commercial banking center of the United States.", 'Lower Manhattan is the third largest central business district in the United States and is home to the New York Stock Exchange, on Wall Street, and the NASDAQ, at 165 Broadway. These are the worlds largest and second largest stock exchanges, respectively, when measured by both average daily trading volume and total market capitalization of their listed companies in 2013. Investment banking fees on Wall Street amounted to approximately $40 billion in 2012, while senior New York City bank officers managing risk and compliance functions earned up to $324,000 annually in 2013. In fiscal year 2013-14, the securities industry of Wall Street generated 19% of New York States tax revenue. New York City remains the largest global center for trading in public equity and debt markets, due in part to the size and financial development of the US economy: 31-32.In July 2013, NYSE Euronext, the operator of the New York Stock Exchange, took over the administration of the London Interbank Offered Rate from the British Bankers Association. New York also leads in hedge fund management; private equity; and the monetary volume of mergers and acquisitions. Several investment banks and investment managers headquartered in Manhattan are significant participants in other global financial centers: 34-35.New York is also the principal commercial banking center of the United States.', 0.9951591, 1)
('In late summer he was invited by Jane Stirling to visit Scotland, where he stayed at Calder House near Edinburgh and at Johnstone Castle in Renfrewshire, both owned by members of Stirling\'s family. She clearly had a notion of going beyond mere friendship, and Chopin was obliged to make it clear to her that this could not be so. He wrote at this time to Grzymała "My Scottish ladies are kind, but such bores", and responding to a rumour about his involvement, answered that he was "closer to the grave than the nuptial bed." He gave a public concert in Glasgow on 27 September, and another in Edinburgh, at the Hopetoun Rooms on Queen Street (now Erskine House) on 4 October. In late October 1848, while staying at 10 Warriston Crescent in Edinburgh with the Polish physician Adam Łyszczyński, he wrote out his last will and testament—"a kind of disposition to be made of my stuff in the future, if I should drop dead somewhere", he wrote to Grzymała.', ' In late summer, he was invited by Jane Stirling to visit Scotland. He stayed at Calder House near Edinburgh and at Johnstone Castle in Renfrewshire, both owned by members of the Stirling family. She seemed to have a notion of going beyond mere friendship, and Chopin had to make it clear to her that this could not be so. He wrote at this time to Grzymała: "My Scottish ladies are kind, but such a bore." In response to a rumor about his involvement, he answered that he was "closer to the grave than the nuptial bed." He gave a public concert in Glasgow on 27 September and another in Edinburgh, at the Hopetoun Rooms on Queen Street (now Erskine House) on 4 October. In late October 1848, while staying at 10 Warriston Crescent in Edinburgh with the Polish physician Adam Łyszczyński, he wrote out his last will and testament—"a kind of disposition to be made of my stuff in the future, if I should drop dead somewhere", he wrote to Grzymała.', 0.99521697, 1)
('In 2011, documents obtained by WikiLeaks revealed that Beyoncé was one of many entertainers who performed for the family of Libyan ruler Muammar Gaddafi. Rolling Stone reported that the music industry was urging them to return the money they earned for the concerts; a spokesperson for Beyoncé later confirmed to The Huffington Post that she donated the money to the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund. Later that year she became the first solo female artist to headline the main Pyramid stage at the 2011 Glastonbury Festival in over twenty years, and was named the highest-paid performer in the world per minute.', ' In 2011, documents obtained by WikiLeaks showed that Beyoncé was one of the many people who gave concerts for the family of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi. According to Rolling Stone, the music industry urged them to return the large sums of money earned for these concerts; a spokesperson for Beyoncé later confirmed to The Huffington Post that she had donated the money to the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund. Later in the year, she became the first solo female artist to wear the main stage podium at the Glastonbury 2011 Festival since more than twenty years, and was named the highest paid artist in the world per minute of work.', 0.9953467, 0)
("Spectre had its world premiere in London on 26 October 2015 at the Royal Albert Hall, the same day as its general release in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland. Following the announcement of the start of filming, Paramount Pictures brought forward the release of Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation to avoid competing with Spectre. In March 2015 IMAX corporation announced that Spectre would be screened in its cinemas, following Skyfall's success with the company. In the UK it received a wider release than Skyfall, with a minimum of 647 cinemas including 40 IMAX screens, compared to Skyfall's 587 locations and 21 IMAX screens.", 'Spectre had its world premiere in London on October 26, 2015 at the Royal Albert Hall, on the same day of its general release in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland. Following the announcement of the start of filming, Paramount Pictures advanced the release of Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation to avoid competition with Spectre. In March 2015, IMAX Corporation announced that Spectre would be screened in its cinemas, following the success of Skyfall with the company. In the United Kingdom, it received a wider release than Skyfall, with at least 647 theaters including 40 IMAX screens, compared to 587 locations and 21 IMAX screens of Skyfall.', 0.9953649, 1)
("In 2012, New York City had the lowest overall crime rate and the second lowest murder rate among the largest U.S. cities, having become significantly safer after a spike in crime in the 1970s through 1990s. Violent crime in New York City decreased more than 75% from 1993 to 2005, and continued decreasing during periods when the nation as a whole saw increases. By 2002, New York City's crime rate was similar to that of Provo, Utah, and was ranked 197th in crime among the 216 U.S. cities with populations greater than 100,000. In 2005 the homicide rate was at its lowest level since 1966, and in 2007 the city recorded fewer than 500 homicides for the first time ever since crime statistics were first published in 1963. In the first six months of 2010, 95.1% of all murder victims and 95.9% of all shooting victims in New York City were black or Hispanic; additionally, 90.2 percent of those arrested for murder and 96.7 percent of those arrested for shooting someone were black or Hispanic. New York experienced a record low of 328 homicides in 2014 and has a far lower murder rate than other major American cities.", " In 2012, New York had the lowest total crime rate and the second lowest murder rate among the major American cities, having become much safer after a rise in crime in the 1970s and 1990s. The rate of violent crime in New York decreased by over 75% between 1993 and 2005, and continued to decline during periods when the nation as a whole experienced increases. In 2002, New York's crime rate was similar to that of Provo, Utah, and ranked 197th among the 216 American cities with a population over 100,000 people. In 2005, the murder rate was at its lowest since 1966, and in 2007, the city recorded fewer than 500 murders for the first time since crime statistics were first published in 1963. In the first six months of 2010, 95.1% of murder victims and 95.9% of shooting victims in New York were black or Hispanic; in addition, 90.2% of people arrested for murder and 96.7% of people arrested for shooting someone were black or Hispanic. New York recorded a historic low of 328 murders in 2014 and has a much lower murder rate than other major American cities.", 0.9953799, 1)
("The nation almost immediately fell into civil war that involved various factions fighting one another; these factions were often distinguished by clan loyalties. More than 500,000 residents fled during this time because of persecution, increased poverty and better economic opportunities in the West or in other former Soviet republics. Emomali Rahmon came to power in 1992, defeating former prime minister Abdumalik Abdullajanov in a November presidential election with 58% of the vote. The elections took place shortly after the end of the war, and Tajikistan was in a state of complete devastation. The estimated dead numbered over 100,000. Around 1.2 million people were refugees inside and outside of the country. In 1997, a ceasefire was reached between Rahmon and opposition parties under the guidance of Gerd D. Merrem, Special Representative to the Secretary General, a result widely praised as a successful United Nations peace keeping initiative. The ceasefire guaranteed 30% of ministerial positions would go to the opposition. Elections were held in 1999, though they were criticized by opposition parties and foreign observers as unfair and Rahmon was re-elected with 98% of the vote. Elections in 2006 were again won by Rahmon (with 79% of the vote) and he began his third term in office. Several opposition parties boycotted the 2006 election and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) criticized it, although observers from the Commonwealth of Independent States claimed the elections were legal and transparent. Rahmon's administration came under further criticism from the OSCE in October 2010 for its censorship and repression of the media. The OSCE claimed that the Tajik Government censored Tajik and foreign websites and instituted tax inspections on independent printing houses that led to the cessation of printing activities for a number of independent newspapers.", ' The country fell immediately into a civil war involving various groups fighting against each other; these groups were often distinguished by clan loyalties. Over 500,000 residents left the country during this period due to persecutions, increased poverty, and better economic opportunities in the West or other formerly Soviet republics. Emomali Rahmon came to power in 1992, defeating the former prime minister Abdumalik Abdullajanov in the presidential elections of November with 58% of the votes. The elections took place shortly after the end of the war, and Tajikistan was in a state of complete devastation. The estimated number of deaths exceeded 100,000. Approximately 1.2 million people were internally displaced and refugees outside the country. In 1997, a ceasefire was signed between Rahmon and the opposition parties under the supervision of Gerd D. Merrem, Special Representative of the Secretary-General, widely hailed as a successful UN peacekeeping initiative. The ceasefire guaranteed that 30% of ministerial posts would go to the opposition. Elections were held in 1999, but they were criticized by opposition parties and foreign observers as unfair, and Rahmon was re-elected with 98% of the votes. Rahmon was again elected in 2006 (with 79% of the votes) and began his third term in office. Several opposition parties boycotted the 2006 elections, and the OSCE criticized them, although the CIS observers affirmed that the elections were legal and transparent. The Rahmon administration came under criticism from the OSCE in October 2010 for its censorship and press repression. The OSCE claimed that the Tajik government had censored Tajik and foreign websites and had instituted tax inspections on independent printing presses, resulting in the suspension of activities for some independent newspapers.', 0.99539864, 1)
('In September 2010, Beyoncé made her runway modelling debut at Tom Ford\'s Spring/Summer 2011 fashion show. She was named "World\'s Most Beautiful Woman" by People and the "Hottest Female Singer of All Time" by Complex in 2012. In January 2013, GQ placed her on its cover, featuring her atop its "100 Sexiest Women of the 21st Century" list. VH1 listed her at number 1 on its 100 Sexiest Artists list. Several wax figures of Beyoncé are found at Madame Tussauds Wax Museums in major cities around the world, including New York, Washington, D.C., Amsterdam, Bangkok, Hollywood and Sydney.', ' In September 2010, Beyoncé made her runway debut at the Spring/Summer 2011 Tom Ford fashion show. She was named "The Most Beautiful Woman in the World" by People and "The Hottest Female Singer of All Time" by Complex in 2012. In January 2013, GQ put her on their cover, presenting her as the top entry on their list of "100 Sexiest Women of the 21st Century". VH1 listed her at number 1 on their list of "100 Sexy Artists". Several wax figures of Beyoncé have been found at Madame Tussauds Wax Museum in important cities around the world, including New York, Washington D.C., Amsterdam, Bangkok, Hollywood and Sydney.', 0.99539983, 1)
('Beyoncé Giselle Knowles-Carter (/biːˈjɒnseɪ/ bee-YON-say) (born September 4, 1981) is an American singer, songwriter, record producer and actress. Born and raised in Houston, Texas, she performed in various singing and dancing competitions as a child, and rose to fame in the late 1990s as lead singer of R&B girl-group Destiny\'s Child. Managed by her father, Mathew Knowles, the group became one of the world\'s best-selling girl groups of all time. Their hiatus saw the release of Beyoncé\'s debut album, Dangerously in Love (2003), which established her as a solo artist worldwide, earned five Grammy Awards and featured the Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles "Crazy in Love" and "Baby Boy".', 'Beyoncé Giselle Knowles-Carter (/biːˈjɒnseɪ/ bey-YON-say) (born September 4, 1981) is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, and actress. Born and raised in Houston, Texas, she participated in various singing and dancing competitions as a child, and rose to fame in the late 1990s as the lead singer of the R&B girl-group Destiny\'s Child. Managed by her father, Mathew Knowles, the group became one of the best-selling female R&B groups in the world. Her hiatus allowed for the release of Beyoncé\'s solo album, Dangerously in Love (2003), which established her as a solo artist of international recognition and won five Grammy Awards. This album introduced the Billboard Hot 100 number one singles "Crazy in Love" and "Baby Boy".', 0.995415, 1)
('Francis Marcus of the International Federation of the Red Cross praised the Chinese rescue effort as "swift and very efficient" in Beijing on Tuesday. But he added the scale of the disaster was such that "we can\'t expect that the government can do everything and handle every aspect of the needs". The Economist noted that China reacted to the disaster "rapidly and with uncharacteristic openness", contrasting it with Burma\'s secretive response to Cyclone Nargis, which devastated that country 10 days before the earthquake.', 'Francis Marcus of the International Federation of the Red Cross commended the Chinese rescue operation as "swift and very efficient" in Beijing on Tuesday. However, he stated that "we cannot expect that the government can do everything and handle every aspect of the needs" due to the disaster\'s immense scale. The Economist observed that China responded to the disaster "rapidly and with uncharacteristic openness," contrasting it with Burma\'s secretive response to Cyclone Nargis, which struck that country 10 days prior to the earthquake.', 0.99543864, 1)
('The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students. In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source. Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history. With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country.', ' The Notre Dame football team has a long history, starting when the Michigan Wolverines football team introduced football to Notre Dame in 1887 and faced off against a group of students. Since then, thirteen Fighting Irish football teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims eleven), as well as one additional team that was designated as the national champion by at least one source. In addition, the program holds the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame and is tied with Ohio State University in terms of the number of Heisman Trophies won, and has the best winning percentage in NCAA history. With this long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Shillelagh Trophy has been described by some as the most important in college football and is often referred to as the greatest intersectional rivalry in the country at the collegiate level.', 0.9954446, 1)
('Official figures (as of July 21, 2008 12:00 CST) stated that 69,197 were confirmed dead, including 68,636 in Sichuan province, and 374,176 injured, with 18,222 listed as missing. The earthquake left about 4.8 million people homeless, though the number could be as high as 11 million. Approximately 15 million people lived in the affected area. It was the deadliest earthquake to hit China since the 1976 Tangshan earthquake, which killed at least 240,000 people, and the strongest in the country since the 1950 Chayu earthquake, which registered at 8.5 on the Richter magnitude scale. It is the 21st deadliest earthquake of all time. On November 6, 2008, the central government announced that it would spend 1 trillion RMB (about US $146.5 billion) over the next three years to rebuild areas ravaged by the earthquake, as part of the Chinese economic stimulus program.', 'Official figures (up to July 21, 2008, 12:00 CST) indicated that 69,197 deaths had been confirmed, of which 68,636 were in the Sichuan province, and 374,176 injuries, with 18,222 recorded as missing. The earthquake left approximately 4.8 million people homeless, although the number could reach 11 million. About 15 million people lived in the affected area. It was the deadliest earthquake to hit China since the Tangshan earthquake of 1976, which killed at least 240,000 people, and the strongest in the country since the Chayu earthquake of 1950, which registered a magnitude of 8.5 on the Richter scale. It was the 21st deadliest earthquake in history. On November 6, 2008, the central government announced it would allocate 1 trillion RMB (approximately US $146.5 billion) over the next three years to rebuild the disaster areas as part of the Chinese economic stimulus program.', 0.99549484, 1)
("The city's population in 2010 was 44% white (33.3% non-Hispanic white), 25.5% black (23% non-Hispanic black), 0.7% Native American, and 12.7% Asian. Hispanics of any race represented 28.6% of the population, while Asians constituted the fastest-growing segment of the city's population between 2000 and 2010; the non-Hispanic white population declined 3 percent, the smallest recorded decline in decades; and for the first time since the Civil War, the number of blacks declined over a decade.", " The city's population in 2010 was 44% white (33.3% white non-Hispanics), 25.5% Black (23% Black non-Hispanics), 0.7% Native Americans, and 12.7% Asian. Hispanics of any race represented 28.6% of the population, while Asians represented the fastest growing population segment between 2000 and 2010; the white non-Hispanic population declined by 3%, the smallest decrease in decades; and for the first time since the Civil War, the Black population declined over a decade.", 0.9955665, 1)
('On August 24, 1673, Dutch captain Anthonio Colve took over the colony of New York from England and rechristened it "New Orange" to honor the Prince of Orange, King William III. However, facing defeat from the British and French, who had teamed up to destroy Dutch trading routes, the Dutch returned the island to England in 1674.', ' On August 24, 1673, Dutch captain Anthonio Colve took over the colony of New York from the English and renamed it "New Orange" to honor the Prince of Orange, King William III. However, facing defeat from the British and French, who had allied to destroy Dutch trading routes, the Dutch returned the island to the English in 1674.', 0.99562067, 1)
('Her first acting role of 2006 was in the comedy film The Pink Panther starring opposite Steve Martin, grossing $158.8 million at the box office worldwide. Her second film Dreamgirls, the film version of the 1981 Broadway musical loosely based on The Supremes, received acclaim from critics and grossed $154 million internationally. In it, she starred opposite Jennifer Hudson, Jamie Foxx, and Eddie Murphy playing a pop singer based on Diana Ross. To promote the film, Beyoncé released "Listen" as the lead single from the soundtrack album. In April 2007, Beyoncé embarked on The Beyoncé Experience, her first worldwide concert tour, visiting 97 venues and grossed over $24 million.[note 1] Beyoncé conducted pre-concert food donation drives during six major stops in conjunction with her pastor at St. John\'s and America\'s Second Harvest. At the same time, B\'Day was re-released with five additional songs, including her duet with Shakira "Beautiful Liar".', ' Her first acting role in 2006 was in the comedy film "The Pink Panther," opposite Steve Martin, and grossed 158.8 million dollars worldwide at the box office. Her second film, "Dreamgirls," an adaptation of the 1981 Broadway musical that was loosely inspired by The Supremes, received positive reviews and earned 154 million dollars internationally. In this film, she acted alongside Jennifer Hudson, Jamie Foxx and Eddie Murphy, portraying a pop singer inspired by Diana Ross. To promote the film, Beyoncé released "Listen" as the lead single from the soundtrack album. In April 2007, Beyoncé began The Beyoncé Experience, her first world tour, visiting 97 venues and grossing over 24 million dollars. Beyoncé organized food drives before each concert during six major stops in collaboration with her pastor from St. Johns and Second Harvest of the United States. Simultaneously, BDay was re-released with five additional songs, including her duet with Shakira "Beautiful Liar." [Note 1: The 24 million dollar figure is an estimation.]', 0.99563247, 1)
("Situated on one of the world's largest natural harbors, New York City consists of five boroughs, each of which is a separate county of New York State. The five boroughs – Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, the Bronx, and Staten Island – were consolidated into a single city in 1898. With a census-estimated 2014 population of 8,491,079 distributed over a land area of just 305 square miles (790 km2), New York is the most densely populated major city in the United States. As many as 800 languages are spoken in New York, making it the most linguistically diverse city in the world. By 2014 census estimates, the New York City metropolitan region remains by a significant margin the most populous in the United States, as defined by both the Metropolitan Statistical Area (20.1 million residents) and the Combined Statistical Area (23.6 million residents). In 2013, the MSA produced a gross metropolitan product (GMP) of nearly US$1.39 trillion, while in 2012, the CSA generated a GMP of over US$1.55 trillion, both ranking first nationally by a wide margin and behind the GDP of only twelve and eleven countries, respectively.", ' Situated one of the largest natural harbors in the world, New York City is composed of five boroughs, each two being a separate county of the State of New York. The five boroughs – Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, the Bronx, and Staten Island – were consolidated into one city in 1898. With an estimated population of 8,491,079 people spread over a mere 305 square miles (790 km2), New York is the most densely populated city in the United States. Up to 800 languages are spoken in New York, making it the most linguistically diverse city in the world. According to the 2014 census estimates, the metropolitan area of New York remains by far the most populous in the US, both in the Metropolitan Statistical Area (20.1 million residents) and in the Combined Statistical Area (23.6 million residents). In 2013, the MSA generated a Metropolitan Product (GMP) of nearly 1.39 trillion US dollars, while in 2012, the CSA generated a GMP of over 1.55 trillion US dollars, both ranking first nationally by a wide margin and behind only the GDP of just twelve and eleven countries, respectively.', 0.99563867, 1)
('In 1841, Léon Escudier wrote of a recital given by Chopin that year, "One may say that Chopin is the creator of a school of piano and a school of composition. In truth, nothing equals the lightness, the sweetness with which the composer preludes on the piano; moreover nothing may be compared to his works full of originality, distinction and grace." Chopin refused to conform to a standard method of playing and believed that there was no set technique for playing well. His style was based extensively on his use of very independent finger technique. In his Projet de méthode he wrote: "Everything is a matter of knowing good fingering ... we need no less to use the rest of the hand, the wrist, the forearm and the upper arm." He further stated: "One needs only to study a certain position of the hand in relation to the keys to obtain with ease the most beautiful quality of sound, to know how to play short notes and long notes, and [to attain] unlimited dexterity." The consequences of this approach to technique in Chopin\'s music include the frequent use of the entire range of the keyboard, passages in double octaves and other chord groupings, swiftly repeated notes, the use of grace notes, and the use of contrasting rhythms (four against three, for example) between the hands.', ' In 1841, Léon Escudier wrote of a recital given by Chopin that year: "One can say that Chopin is the creator of a school of piano and a school of composition. In truth, nothing can be compared to the lightness, the sweetness with which the composer preludes on the piano. Moreover, nothing can be put on the same level as his works full of originality, distinction and grace." Chopin refused to conform to a standard method of playing and believed that there was no set technique for playing well. His style was based extensively on his use of very independent finger technique. In his Project of a Method, he wrote: "Everything depends on knowing good fingering ... we need no less to use the rest of the hand, the wrist, the forearm and the upper arm." He further stated: "One needs only to study a certain position of the hand in relation to the keys to obtain with ease the most beautiful quality of sound."', 0.9957201, 1)
('Beyoncé names Michael Jackson as her major musical influence. Aged five, Beyoncé attended her first ever concert where Jackson performed and she claims to have realised her purpose. When she presented him with a tribute award at the World Music Awards in 2006, Beyoncé said, "if it wasn\'t for Michael Jackson, I would never ever have performed." She admires Diana Ross as an "all-around entertainer" and Whitney Houston, who she said "inspired me to get up there and do what she did." She credits Mariah Carey\'s singing and her song "Vision of Love" as influencing her to begin practicing vocal runs as a child. Her other musical influences include Aaliyah, Prince, Lauryn Hill, Sade Adu, Donna Summer, Mary J. Blige, Janet Jackson, Anita Baker and Rachelle Ferrell.', ' Beyoncé names Michael Jackson as her major musical influence. At five years old, Beyoncé attended her first ever concert where Jackson performed and she claims to have discovered her purpose. When she presented him with a tribute award at the World Music Awards in 2006, Beyoncé said, "without Michael Jackson, I would never have performed." She admires Diana Ross as an "all-around entertainer" and Whitney Houston, who she said "inspired me to get up there and do what she did." She credits Mariah Carey\'s singing and her song "Vision of Love" as influencing her to begin practicing vocal runs as a child. Her other musical influences include Aaliyah, Prince, Lauryn Hill, Sade Adu, Donna Summer, Mary J. Blige, Janet Jackson, Anita Baker and Rachelle Ferrell.', 0.9957317, 1)
('In mid-2015, a new model of the iPod Touch was announced by Apple, and was officially released on the Apple store on July 15, 2015. The sixth generation iPod Touch includes a wide variety of spec improvements such as the upgraded A8 processor and higher-quality screen. The core is over 5 times faster than previous models and is built to be roughly on par with the iPhone 5S. It is available in 5 different colors: Space grey, pink, gold, silver and Product (red).', ' In the middle of the year 2015, Apple announced a new version of the iPod Touch, and it was officially available on the Apple Store on July 15, 2015. The sixth generation iPod Touch presents numerous specification improvements such as an improved A8 processor and a better quality screen. Its heart is over 5 times faster than previous models and is designed to be roughly at par with the iPhone 5S. It is available in five different colors: Space Gray, Rose, Gold, Silver and Red (product).', 0.9957595, 1)
('There has been extensive use of antibiotics in animal husbandry. In the United States, the question of emergence of antibiotic-resistant bacterial strains due to use of antibiotics in livestock was raised by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1977. In March 2012, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, ruling in an action brought by the Natural Resources Defense Council and others, ordered the FDA to revoke approvals for the use of antibiotics in livestock, which violated FDA regulations.', ' There has been extensive use of antibiotics in livestock farming. In the United States, the issue of the emergence of antibiotic-resistant bacterial strains due to the use of antibiotics in livestock was raised by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1977. In March 2012, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, in a lawsuit brought by the Natural Resources Defense Council and others, ordered the FDA to revoke approvals for the use of antibiotics in livestock, which violated FDA regulations.', 0.99576414, 1)
('One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish. Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918. Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties. During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen". Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage (.881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history. Rockne\'s offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme. The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City.', ' One of the main factors driving the growth of the University was its football team, the Fighting Irish of Notre Dame. Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918. Under Rockne, the Fighting Irish recorded a win-loss record of 105 victories, 12 defeats, and 5 ties. During his 13 years, the Fighting Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen". Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage (.881) in the history of the NCAA Division I/FBS of football. Rockne\'s offenses used the Notre Dame Box formation and his defenses played a 7–2–2 alignment. The last game Rockne coached took place on December 14, 1930, where he led a star team of Fighting Irish against the New York Giants in New York.', 0.99579513, 1)
('The iPod is a line of portable media players and multi-purpose pocket computers designed and marketed by Apple Inc. The first line was released on October 23, 2001, about 8½ months after iTunes (Macintosh version) was released. The most recent iPod redesigns were announced on July 15, 2015. There are three current versions of the iPod: the ultra-compact iPod Shuffle, the compact iPod Nano and the touchscreen iPod Touch.', ' The iPod is a line of portable media players and multifunction computers designed and sold by Apple Inc. The first line was launched on October 23, 2001, about 8½ months after iTunes (Mac version) was launched. The latest iPod models were announced on July 15, 2015. Currently, there are three active iPod versions: the ultra-compact iPod Shuffle, the compact iPod Nano, and the touchscreen iPod Touch.', 0.99579823, 1)
('Beyoncé\'s second solo album B\'Day was released on September 5, 2006, in the US, to coincide with her twenty-fifth birthday. It sold 541,000 copies in its first week and debuted atop the Billboard 200, becoming Beyoncé\'s second consecutive number-one album in the United States. The album\'s lead single "Déjà Vu", featuring Jay Z, reached the top five on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. The second international single "Irreplaceable" was a commercial success worldwide, reaching number one in Australia, Hungary, Ireland, New Zealand and the United States. B\'Day also produced three other singles; "Ring the Alarm", "Get Me Bodied", and "Green Light" (released in the United Kingdom only).', ' The solo album of Beyoncé titled BDay was released in the US on September 5, 2006, to align with her twenty-fifth birthday. It sold 541,000 copies in its first week and debuted at the top of the Billboard 200, marking Beyoncé\'s second consecutive number-one album in the United States. The lead single "Déjà Vu," featuring Jay Z, reached the top five on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. The second international single "Irreplaceable" was a commercial success worldwide, reaching number one in Australia, Hungary, Ireland, New Zealand, and the United States. BDay produced three other singles: "Ring the Alarm," "Get Me Bodied," and "Green Light" (released in the United Kingdom only).', 0.9957998, 1)
('Solar distillation can be used to make saline or brackish water potable. The first recorded instance of this was by 16th-century Arab alchemists. A large-scale solar distillation project was first constructed in 1872 in the Chilean mining town of Las Salinas. The plant, which had solar collection area of 4,700 m2 (51,000 sq ft), could produce up to 22,700 L (5,000 imp gal; 6,000 US gal) per day and operate for 40 years. Individual still designs include single-slope, double-slope (or greenhouse type), vertical, conical, inverted absorber, multi-wick, and multiple effect. These stills can operate in passive, active, or hybrid modes. Double-slope stills are the most economical for decentralized domestic purposes, while active multiple effect units are more suitable for large-scale applications.', ' Solar distillation can be used to make saline or brackish water potable. The first recorded observation of this was in the 16th century by Arab alchemists. The first large-scale solar distillation project was built in 1872 in the Chilean mining town of Las Salinas. This project, with a solar collection surface of 4,700 m2 (51,000 square feet), could produce up to 22,700 L (5,000 imperial gallons; 6,000 US gallons) per day and operate for 40 years. Individual still designs include single-slope, double-slope (or greenhouse type), vertical, conical, reversed absorber, multi-wick, and multiple effect stills. These stills can operate in passive, active, or hybrid modes. Double-slope stills are the most economical for decentralized domestic applications, while multiple effect active units are more suitable for large-scale applications.', 0.9958, 1)
("In China, it opened on 12 November and earned $15 million on its opening day, which is the second biggest 2D single day gross for a Hollywood film behind the $18.5 million opening day of Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation and occupying 43% of all available screens which included $790,000 in advance night screenings. Through its opening weekend, it earned $48.1 million from 14,700 screens which is 198% ahead of Skyfall, a new record for a Hollywood 2D opening. IMAX contributed $4.6 million on 246 screens, also a new record for a three-day opening for a November release (breaking Interstellar's record). In its second weekend, it added $12.1 million falling precipitously by 75% which is the second worst second weekend drop for any major Hollywood release in China of 2015. It grossed a total of $84.7 million there after four weekends. Albeit a strong opening it failed to attain the $100 million mark as projected.", " In China, it opened on November 12 and generated 15 million dollars in revenue on its opening day, which is the second highest 2D opening day for a Hollywood film behind Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation's 18.5 million dollars and occupied 43% of the available screens, including 790,000 dollars in pre-sales. During its opening weekend, it generated 48.1 million dollars on 14,700 screens, representing a 198% increase from Skyfall, a new record for a 2D Hollywood opening weekend. IMAX contributed 4.6 million dollars on 246 screens, a new record for a three-day opening for a November-released film (surpassing Interstellar's record). During its second weekend, it added 12.1 million dollars, dropping 75%, which is the second worst second weekend drop for any major Hollywood release in China in 2015. It has generated a total of 84.7 million dollars there after four weekends. Despite a good opening, it failed to reach the expected 100 million dollars.", 0.9958526, 1)
("Mendes revealed that production would begin on 8 December 2014 at Pinewood Studios, with filming taking seven months. Mendes also confirmed several filming locations, including London, Mexico City and Rome. Van Hoytema shot the film on Kodak 35 mm film stock. Early filming took place at Pinewood Studios, and around London, with scenes variously featuring Craig and Harris at Bond's flat, and Craig and Kinnear travelling down the River Thames.", "Mendes announced that filming would commence on 8 December 2014 at Pinewood Studios, lasting for seven months. Mendes also disclosed several shooting locations, including London, Mexico City and Rome. Van Hoytema filmed the movie on Kodak 35 mm film stock. The initial filming took place at Pinewood Studios and around London, featuring scenes of Craig and Harris in Bond's flat, and Craig and Kinnear traveling along the River Thames.", 0.9958763, 1)
('New York—often called New York City or the City of New York to distinguish it from the State of New York, of which it is a part—is the most populous city in the United States and the center of the New York metropolitan area, the premier gateway for legal immigration to the United States and one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world. A global power city, New York exerts a significant impact upon commerce, finance, media, art, fashion, research, technology, education, and entertainment, its fast pace defining the term New York minute. Home to the headquarters of the United Nations, New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world.', ' New York, frequently called New York City or the City of New York to distinguish it from the State of New York, to which it belongs, is the most populous city in the United States and the center of the New York metropolitan area, the gateway for legal immigration to the United States and one of the most populous agglomerations in the world. A powerful city, New York exerts a significant influence on trade, finance, media, art, fashion, research, technology, education, and entertainment. Its fast pace defines the term "New York minute." Seat of the United Nations, New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world. (Note: The term "global power city" doesn\'t have an exact equivalent in French, so I translated the sentence as "a powerful city" instead.)', 0.9959347, 1)
('With his mazurkas and polonaises, Chopin has been credited with introducing to music a new sense of nationalism. Schumann, in his 1836 review of the piano concertos, highlighted the composer\'s strong feelings for his native Poland, writing that "Now that the Poles are in deep mourning [after the failure of the November 1830 rising], their appeal to us artists is even stronger ... If the mighty autocrat in the north [i.e. Nicholas I of Russia] could know that in Chopin\'s works, in the simple strains of his mazurkas, there lurks a dangerous enemy, he would place a ban on his music. Chopin\'s works are cannon buried in flowers!" The biography of Chopin published in 1863 under the name of Franz Liszt (but probably written by Carolyne zu Sayn-Wittgenstein) claims that Chopin "must be ranked first among the first musicians ... individualizing in themselves the poetic sense of an entire nation."', 'With his mazurkas and polonaises, Chopin is credited with bringing to music a new sense of nationalism. Schumann, in his 1836 review of the piano concertos, highlighted the strong feelings of the composer towards his native Poland. He wrote that "Now that the Poles are deeply mourning [after the failure of the November 1830 uprising], their appeal to us artists is even stronger ... If the mighty autocrat in the north [i.e. Nicholas I of Russia] knew that in Chopin\'s works, in the simple strains of his mazurkas, there lurked a dangerous enemy, he would ban his music. The biography of Chopin published in 1863 under the name of Franz Liszt (but probably written by Carolyne zu Sayn-Wittgenstein) states that Chopin "must be ranked first among the greatest musicians ... individualizing in themselves the poetic sense of an entire nation."', 0.9959378, 1)
('The FDNY headquarters is located at 9 MetroTech Center in Downtown Brooklyn, and the FDNY Fire Academy is located on Randalls Island. There are three Bureau of Fire Communications alarm offices which receive and dispatch alarms to appropriate units. One office, at 11 Metrotech Center in Brooklyn, houses Manhattan/Citywide, Brooklyn, and Staten Island Fire Communications. The Bronx and Queens offices are in separate buildings.', ' The FDNY headquarters is located at 9 MetroTech Center in Downtown Brooklyn, and the FDNY Fire Academy is located on Randalls Island. There are three fire communication bureaus which receive and dispatch alarms to the appropriate units. One office, at 11 Metrotech Center in Brooklyn, houses Manhattan/Citywide, Brooklyn, and Staten Island Fire Communications. The Bronx and Queens offices are in separate buildings.', 0.99596727, 1)
('In 2006 Apple presented a special edition for iPod 5G of Irish rock band U2. Like its predecessor, this iPod has engraved the signatures of the four members of the band on its back, but this one was the first time the company changed the colour of the metal (not silver but black). This iPod was only available with 30GB of storage capacity. The special edition entitled purchasers to an exclusive video with 33 minutes of interviews and performance by U2, downloadable from the iTunes Store.', ' In 2006, Apple introduced a special edition iPod 5G from the Irish band U2. Like its predecessor, this iPod had the signatures of the four band members engraved on its back, but it was the first time the company had changed the metal color (not silver but black). This iPod was only available with a 30Go storage capacity. The special edition offered buyers an exclusive 33-minute video of U2 interviews and performances, downloadable from the iTunes store.', 0.99597794, 1)
('In an interview published by Vogue in April 2013, Beyoncé was asked if she considers herself a feminist, to which she said, "that word can be very extreme... But I guess I am a modern-day feminist. I do believe in equality". She would later align herself more publicly with the movement, sampling "We should all be feminists", a speech delivered by Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie at a TEDxEuston conference in April 2013, in her song "Flawless", released later that year. She has also contributed to the Ban Bossy campaign, which uses television and social media to encourage leadership in girls.', ' In an interview with Vogue in April 2013, Beyoncé was asked if she considered herself a feminist. Her response was: "That word can be very extreme... But I guess I am a modern-day feminist. I do believe in equality." Later, she publicly identified with the movement, incorporating "We should all be feminists," a speech given by Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie at a TEDxEuston conference in April 2013, into her song "Flawless," which was released later that year. She also participated in the Ban Bossy campaign, which utilizes television and social media to promote leadership in girls.', 0.99601346, 1)
('The Democratic Party holds the majority of public offices. As of November 2008, 67% of registered voters in the city are Democrats. New York City has not been carried by a Republican in a statewide or presidential election since President Calvin Coolidge won the five boroughs in 1924. In 2012, Democrat Barack Obama became the first presidential candidate of any party to receive more than 80% of the overall vote in New York City, sweeping all five boroughs. Party platforms center on affordable housing, education, and economic development, and labor politics are of importance in the city.', " The Democratic Party holds the majority of public seats. As of November 2008, 67% of registered voters in the city were Democrats. New York City has not been carried by a Republican in a state or presidential election since Calvin Coolidge won all five boroughs in 1924. In 2012, Democrat Barack Obama became the first candidate from a party to receive over 80% of the total votes in New York City, winning all five boroughs. The party's platforms focus on affordable housing, education, and economic development, and employment policy is important in the city.", 0.9960377, 1)
('Beyoncé embarked on The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour on April 15 in Belgrade, Serbia; the tour included 132 dates that ran through to March 2014. It became the most successful tour of her career and one of the most-successful tours of all time. In May, Beyoncé\'s cover of Amy Winehouse\'s "Back to Black" with André 3000 on The Great Gatsby soundtrack was released. She was also honorary chair of the 2013 Met Gala. Beyoncé voiced Queen Tara in the 3D CGI animated film, Epic, released by 20th Century Fox on May 24, and recorded an original song for the film, "Rise Up", co-written with Sia.', ' Beyoncé started The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour on April 15, 2013 in Belgrade, Serbia; the tour included 132 dates that went on until March 2014. It turned out to be the most successful tour of her career and one of the most successful of all time. In May, Beyoncé\'s version of "Back to Black" by Amy Winehouse in duet with André 3000 on The Great Gatsby soundtrack was released. She also served as honorary chair of the 2013 Met Gala. Beyoncé voiced the queen Tara in the 3D CGI animated film, Epic, released by 20th Century Fox on May 24, and recorded an original song for the film, "Rise Up," co-written with Sia.', 0.9960456, 1)
("Bozeman Yellowstone International Airport is the busiest airport in the state of Montana, surpassing Billings Logan International Airport in the spring of 2013. Montana's other major Airports include Billings Logan International Airport, Missoula International Airport, Great Falls International Airport, Glacier Park International Airport, Helena Regional Airport, Bert Mooney Airport and Yellowstone Airport. Eight smaller communities have airports designated for commercial service under the Essential Air Service program.", 'Bozeman-Yellowstone International Airport is the busiest in the state of Montana, surpassing Billings Logan International Airport in the spring of 2013. Other major airports in Montana include Billings Logan International Airport, Missoula International Airport, Great Falls International Airport, Glacier Park International Airport, Helena Regional Airport, Bert Mooney Airport, and Yellowstone Airport. Eight smaller communities have airports designated for commercial service under the Essential Air Service program.', 0.9960519, 1)
('The iTunes Store (introduced April 29, 2003) is an online media store run by Apple and accessed through iTunes. The store became the market leader soon after its launch and Apple announced the sale of videos through the store on October 12, 2005. Full-length movies became available on September 12, 2006.', ' The iTunes Store (introduced on April 29, 2003) is an online media store managed by Apple and accessible via iTunes. The store became the market leader upon its launch, and Apple announced the sale of videos through the store on October 12, 2005. Long movies were available starting September 12, 2006.', 0.9960731, 1)
("In 1207, the Mongol ruler Genghis Khan (r. 1206–1227) conquered and subjugated the ethnic Tangut state of the Western Xia (1038–1227). In the same year, he established diplomatic relations with Tibet by sending envoys there. The conquest of the Western Xia alarmed Tibetan rulers, who decided to pay tribute to the Mongols. However, when they ceased to pay tribute after Genghis Khan's death, his successor Ögedei Khan (r. 1229–1241) launched an invasion into Tibet.", ' In 1207, Mongol prince Genghis Khan (r. 1206-1227) conquered and subjugated the ethnic state of Tangut in Western Xia (1038-1227). In the same year, he established diplomatic relations with Tibet by sending envoys there. The conquest of Western Xia alarmed the Tibetan rulers, who decided to pay tributes to the Mongols. However, when they ceased paying tributes after the death of Genghis Khan, his successor Ögedei Khan (r. 1229-1241) launched an invasion of Tibet.', 0.99611866, 1)
('The book has also been adapted as a play by Christopher Sergel. It debuted in 1990 in Monroeville, a town that labels itself "The Literary Capital of Alabama". The play runs every May on the county courthouse grounds and townspeople make up the cast. White male audience members are chosen at the intermission to make up the jury. During the courtroom scene the production moves into the Monroe County Courthouse and the audience is racially segregated. Author Albert Murray said of the relationship of the town to the novel (and the annual performance): "It becomes part of the town ritual, like the religious underpinning of Mardi Gras. With the whole town crowded around the actual courthouse, it\'s part of a central, civic education—what Monroeville aspires to be."', ' This book has also been adapted into a play by Christopher Sergel. It was first presented in 1990 in Monroeville, a town that labels itself "The Literary Capital of Alabama." The play is performed every May on the county courthouse grounds, and the townspeople make up the cast. White male audience members are chosen during intermission to make up the jury. During the courtroom scene, the production moves into the Monroe County Courthouse and the audience is racially segregated. Author Albert Murray said of the relationship of the town to the novel (and the annual performance): "It becomes part of the town ritual, like the religious underpinning of Mardi Gras. With the whole town crowded around the actual courthouse, it\'s part of a central, civic education—what Monroeville aspires to be."', 0.9961473, 1)
('Many accessories have been made for the iPod line. A large number are made by third party companies, although many, such as the iPod Hi-Fi, are made by Apple. Some accessories add extra features that other music players have, such as sound recorders, FM radio tuners, wired remote controls, and audio/visual cables for TV connections. Other accessories offer unique features like the Nike+iPod pedometer and the iPod Camera Connector. Other notable accessories include external speakers, wireless remote controls, protective case, screen films, and wireless earphones. Among the first accessory manufacturers were Griffin Technology, Belkin, JBL, Bose, Monster Cable, and SendStation.', ' Numerous accessories have been designed for the iPod line. A large part are manufactured by third parties, although many, like iPod Hi-Fi, are manufactured by Apple. Some accessories add additional features that other music players have, such as recording microphones, FM transmitters, infrared remote controls, and audio/video cables for television connections. Other accessories offer unique features like the Nike+iPod pedometer and the iPod photo connector. Notable accessories include external speakers, wireless remote controls, protective cases, screen protectors, and wireless headphones. Among the first accessory manufacturers were Griffin Technology, Belkin, JBL, Bose, Monster Cable, and SendStation.', 0.996156, 1)
('The large magnitude of solar energy available makes it a highly appealing source of electricity. The United Nations Development Programme in its 2000 World Energy Assessment found that the annual potential of solar energy was 1,575–49,837 exajoules (EJ). This is several times larger than the total world energy consumption, which was 559.8 EJ in 2012.', ' The large magnitude of solar energy makes it an highly appealing source of electricity. The United Nations Development Programme found in its 2000 World Energy Assessment that the annual potential of solar energy was between 1,575 and 49,837 EJ (exajoules). This is several times larger than the total world energy consumption, which was 559.8 EJ in 2012.', 0.9961756, 1)
("The New York City Fire Department (FDNY), provides fire protection, technical rescue, primary response to biological, chemical, and radioactive hazards, and emergency medical services for the five boroughs of New York City. The New York City Fire Department is the largest municipal fire department in the United States and the second largest in the world after the Tokyo Fire Department. The FDNY employs approximately 11,080 uniformed firefighters and over 3,300 uniformed EMTs and paramedics. The FDNY's motto is New York's Bravest.", " The Fire Department of the City of New York (FDNY), ensures fire protection, technical rescue, priority response to biological, chemical and radioactive risks, and emergency medical services for the five boroughs of New York. The Fire Department of the City of New York is the largest municipal fire department in the United States and the second largest in the world, after the Fire Department of Tokyo. The FDNY employs approximately 11,080 uniformed firefighters and over 3,300 uniformed emergency medical personnel and paramedics. The FDNY motto is New York's Bravest.", 0.99619234, 1)
("According to Italian fashion designer Roberto Cavalli, Beyoncé uses different fashion styles to work with her music while performing. Her mother co-wrote a book, published in 2002, titled Destiny's Style an account of how fashion had an impact on the trio's success. The B'Day Anthology Video Album showed many instances of fashion-oriented footage, depicting classic to contemporary wardrobe styles. In 2007, Beyoncé was featured on the cover of the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue, becoming the second African American woman after Tyra Banks, and People magazine recognized Beyoncé as the best-dressed celebrity.", " According to Italian fashion designer Roberto Cavalli, Beyoncé uses various fashion styles to work with her music during her performances. Her mother co-wrote a book, published in 2002, titled Destiny's Style, describing the impact of fashion on the trio's success. The BDay Anthology Video Album showed numerous scenes focused on fashion, from classic clothing styles to contemporary ones. In 2007, Beyoncé appeared on the cover of the annual Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue, becoming the second African-American woman after Tyra Banks to do so, and People magazine recognized Beyoncé as the best-dressed celebrity.", 0.99622005, 1)
('The first documented visit by a European was in 1524 by Giovanni da Verrazzano, a Florentine explorer in the service of the French crown, who sailed his ship La Dauphine into New York Harbor. He claimed the area for France and named it "Nouvelle Angoulême" (New Angoulême).', ' The first documented European visit was in 1524 by Giovanni da Verrazzano, a Florentine explorer in the French crown\'s service, who sailed his ship La Dauphine into New York Harbor. He claimed the area for France and named it "New Angoulême" (New Angoulême).', 0.99623245, 1)
('The Stonewall riots were a series of spontaneous, violent demonstrations by members of the gay community against a police raid that took place in the early morning hours of June 28, 1969, at the Stonewall Inn in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Lower Manhattan. They are widely considered to constitute the single most important event leading to the gay liberation movement and the modern fight for LGBT rights in the United States.', ' The Stonewall riots were a series of spontaneous and violent demonstrations led by members of the gay community against a police raid that took place in the early hours of June 28, 1969, at the Stonewall Inn in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of lower Manhattan. They are considered widely as the most important single event leading to the modern gay liberation movement and the fight for LGBT rights in the United States.', 0.99627936, 1)
("The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon. Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses. Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B.S.) degrees. According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States.", " The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by Father President Patrick Dillon. Dillon's scientific courses represented six years of work, including advanced mathematics courses. Today, the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, has over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each granting a Bachelor of Science (B.S.) degree. According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States.", 0.9962981, 1)
("Many sports are associated with New York's immigrant communities. Stickball, a street version of baseball, was popularized by youths in the 1930s, and a street in the Bronx was renamed Stickball Boulevard in the late 2000s to memorialize this.", ' Many sports are associated with the immigrant communities of New York. Stickball, a street version of baseball, was popularized by the youth in the 1930s, and a boulevard in the Bronx was renamed Stickball Alley in the late 2000s to commemorate this.', 0.9963128, 1)
('There are seven state parks within the confines of New York City, including Clay Pit Ponds State Park Preserve, a natural area which includes extensive riding trails, and Riverbank State Park, a 28-acre (110,000 m2) facility that rises 69 feet (21 m) over the Hudson River.', ' There are seven state parks within the limits of New York City, including the Clay Pit Ponds State Park Preserve, a natural area featuring extensive trails, and Riverbank State Park, a 28-acre (110,000 m2) installation rising 69 feet (21 m) on the Hudson River.', 0.9963232, 1)
("Beyoncé and her mother introduced House of Deréon, a contemporary women's fashion line, in 2005. The concept is inspired by three generations of women in their family, the name paying tribute to Beyoncé's grandmother, Agnèz Deréon, a respected seamstress. According to Tina, the overall style of the line best reflects her and Beyoncé's taste and style. Beyoncé and her mother founded their family's company Beyond Productions, which provides the licensing and brand management for House of Deréon, and its junior collection, Deréon. House of Deréon pieces were exhibited in Destiny's Child's shows and tours, during their Destiny Fulfilled era. The collection features sportswear, denim offerings with fur, outerwear and accessories that include handbags and footwear, and are available at department and specialty stores across the US and Canada.", " Beyoncé and her mother introduced House of Deréon, a contemporary women's fashion line, in 2005. The concept is inspired by three generations of women in their family, with the name referencing Beyoncé's grandmother, Agnes Deréon, a respected seamstress. According to Tina, the overall style of the line reflects the taste and style of both Beyoncé and herself. Beyoncé and her mother founded their family business Beyond Productions, which handles the licensing and brand management for House of Deréon and its junior collection, Deréon. House of Deréon pieces were showcased in Destiny Child's shows and tours and were available during their Destiny Fulfilled era. The collection includes sportswear, denim with fur offers, coat clothes, and accessories such as handbags and shoes, and is available in major retailers and specialized stores in the United States and Canada.", 0.9963371, 1)
('In India, it was reported that the Indian Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) censored kissing scenes featuring Monica Bellucci, Daniel Craig, and Léa Seydoux. They also muted all profanity. This prompted criticism of the board online, especially on Twitter.', ' In India, the Indian Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) censored kissing scenes involving Monica Bellucci, Daniel Craig and Léa Seydoux. They also muted all profanity. This led to criticism of the board online, particularly on Twitter.', 0.99634767, 1)
('With a total area of 147,040 square miles (380,800 km2), Montana is slightly larger than Japan. It is the fourth largest state in the United States after Alaska, Texas, and California; the largest landlocked U.S. state; and the 56th largest national state/province subdivision in the world. To the north, Montana shares a 545-mile (877 km) border with three Canadian provinces: British Columbia, Alberta, and Saskatchewan, the only state to do so. It borders North Dakota and South Dakota to the east, Wyoming to the south and Idaho to the west and southwest.', ' With a total area of 380,800 square miles (985,961 km2), Montana is slightly larger than Japan. It is the fourth largest state in the US after Alaska, Texas and California; the largest state in the US not bordering a sea; and the 56th largest national subdivision in the world. To the north, Montana shares a 877 km (545 miles) border with three Canadian provinces: British Columbia, Alberta and Saskatchewan, being the only state to do so. It is bordered by North Dakota to the east, Wyoming to the south, Idaho to the west, and South Dakota to the south-east.', 0.99634975, 1)
('A self-described "modern-day feminist", Beyoncé creates songs that are often characterized by themes of love, relationships, and monogamy, as well as female sexuality and empowerment. On stage, her dynamic, highly choreographed performances have led to critics hailing her as one of the best entertainers in contemporary popular music. Throughout a career spanning 19 years, she has sold over 118 million records as a solo artist, and a further 60 million with Destiny\'s Child, making her one of the best-selling music artists of all time. She has won 20 Grammy Awards and is the most nominated woman in the award\'s history. The Recording Industry Association of America recognized her as the Top Certified Artist in America during the 2000s decade. In 2009, Billboard named her the Top Radio Songs Artist of the Decade, the Top Female Artist of the 2000s and their Artist of the Millennium in 2011. Time listed her among the 100 most influential people in the world in 2013 and 2014. Forbes magazine also listed her as the most powerful female musician of 2015.', ' [Describing severely a "modern feminist", Beyoncé composes songs frequently featuring themes of love, relationships and monogamy, as well as feminine sexuality and empowerment. On stage, her dynamic and highly choreographed performances have led critics to label her as one of the best interpreters of contemporary popular music. Throughout a career spanning 19 years, she has sold over 118 million records solo and an additional 60 million with Destiny\'s Child, placing her among the best-selling music artists of all time. She has won 20 Grammy awards and is the most nominated woman in Grammy history. The Recording Industry Association of America recognized her as the Number One Artist of the United States for the 2000s decade. In 2009, Billboard named her the Artist of the Decade, the Female Artist of the Decade, and their Artist of the Millennium in 2011. Time magazine ranked her among the 100 most influential people in the world in 2013 and 2014. Forbes magazine also ranked her the Most Powerful Female Musician of 2015.]', 0.9963668, 1)
('In November 2003, she embarked on the Dangerously in Love Tour in Europe and later toured alongside Missy Elliott and Alicia Keys for the Verizon Ladies First Tour in North America. On February 1, 2004, Beyoncé performed the American national anthem at Super Bowl XXXVIII, at the Reliant Stadium in Houston, Texas. After the release of Dangerously in Love, Beyoncé had planned to produce a follow-up album using several of the left-over tracks. However, this was put on hold so she could concentrate on recording Destiny Fulfilled, the final studio album by Destiny\'s Child. Released on November 15, 2004, in the US and peaking at number two on the Billboard 200, Destiny Fulfilled included the singles "Lose My Breath" and "Soldier", which reached the top five on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. Destiny\'s Child embarked on a worldwide concert tour, Destiny Fulfilled... and Lovin\' It and during the last stop of their European tour, in Barcelona on June 11, 2005, Rowland announced that Destiny\'s Child would disband following the North American leg of the tour. The group released their first compilation album Number 1\'s on October 25, 2005, in the US and accepted a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in March 2006.', ' In November 2003, she began the Dangerously in Love tour in Europe and later co-toured with Missy Elliott and Alicia Keys for Verizon\'s Ladies First tour in North America. On February 1, 2004, Beyoncé performed the national anthem of the United States at Super Bowl XXXVIII, at Reliant Stadium in Houston, Texas. After the release of Dangerously in Love, Beyoncé had planned to produce a following album using several remaining tracks. However, this was put on hold so she could record Destiny Fulfilled, the last studio album of Destiny\'s Child. Released in the United States on November 15, 2004, and reaching the second place on the Billboard 200, Destiny Fulfilled included the singles "Lose My Breath" and "Soldier," which reached the top 5 on the Billboard Hot 100. Destiny\'s Child then embarked on a world tour, Destiny Fulfilled... and Lovin It, and during the last European leg of their tour, in Barcelona on June 11, 2005, Rowland announced that Destiny\'s Child would disband following the North American leg of the tour. The group released their first compilation album, Number Ones, in the United States on October 25, 2005, and received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in March 2006.', 0.99636996, 1)
("On 13 March 2015, several members of the cast and crew, including Craig, Whishaw, Wilson and Mendes, as well as previous James Bond actor, Sir Roger Moore, appeared in a sketch written by David Walliams and the Dawson Brothers for Comic Relief's Red Nose Day on BBC One. In the sketch, they film a behind-the-scenes mockumentary on the filming of Spectre. The first teaser trailer for Spectre was released worldwide in March 2015, followed by the theatrical trailer in July and the final trailer in October.", " On 13 March 2015, several members of the cast and crew such as Craig, Whishaw, Wilson and Mendes, in addition to the former James Bond actor, Sir Roger Moore, featured in a sketch penned by David Walliams and the Dawson Brothers for Comic Relief's Red Nose Day on BBC One. In this sketch, they filmed a mockumentary for the making of Spectre behind the scenes. The first teaser trailer for Spectre was unveiled globally in March 2015, followed by the theatrical trailer in July, and the final trailer in October.", 0.99637645, 1)
('New York City is home to the headquarters of the National Football League, Major League Baseball, the National Basketball Association, the National Hockey League, and Major League Soccer. The New York metropolitan area hosts the most sports teams in these five professional leagues. Participation in professional sports in the city predates all professional leagues, and the city has been continuously hosting professional sports since the birth of the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1882. The city has played host to over forty major professional teams in the five sports and their respective competing leagues, both current and historic. Four of the ten most expensive stadiums ever built worldwide (MetLife Stadium, the new Yankee Stadium, Madison Square Garden, and Citi Field) are located in the New York metropolitan area. Madison Square Garden, its predecessor, as well as the original Yankee Stadium and Ebbets Field, are some of the most famous sporting venues in the world, the latter two having been commemorated on U.S. postage stamps.', ' New York City is home to the headquarters of the National Football League, Major League Baseball, National Basketball Association, National Hockey League, and Major League Soccer. The metropolitan area of New York has the most professional teams from these five leagues. Professional sports participation in the city predates all professional leagues, and the city has continuously hosted professional sports since the birth of the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1882. The metropolitan area of New York has hosted over forty major professional teams in these five sports and their respective leagues, current and historical. Four of the ten most expensive stadiums ever built globally (MetLife Stadium, the new Yankee Stadium, Madison Square Garden, and Citi Field) are in the New York metropolitan area. Madison Square Garden, its predecessor, as well as the original Yankee Stadium and Ebbets Field, are among the most famous sports venues in the world, the last two having been commemorated on American postage stamps. (Note: The text does not provide enough context to accurately translate the names of the stadiums and teams in French. The above translation is based on the given English text and does not include any additional research or context.)', 0.9963956, 1)
('New York became the most populous urbanized area in the world in the early 1920s, overtaking London. The metropolitan area surpassed the 10 million mark in the early 1930s, becoming the first megacity in human history. The difficult years of the Great Depression saw the election of reformer Fiorello La Guardia as mayor and the fall of Tammany Hall after eighty years of political dominance.', ' New York became the most populous urbanized area in the world in the early 1920s, surpassing London. The metropolitan area exceeded the 10 million mark in the early 1930s, making it the first megacity in human history. The hard years of the Great Depression led to the election of reformer Fiorello La Guardia as mayor and the fall of Tammany Hall after eighty years of political dominance.', 0.99645853, 1)
('The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess (Japanese: ゼルダの伝説 トワイライトプリンセス, Hepburn: Zeruda no Densetsu: Towairaito Purinsesu?) is an action-adventure game developed and published by Nintendo for the GameCube and Wii home video game consoles. It is the thirteenth installment in the The Legend of Zelda series. Originally planned for release on the GameCube in November 2005, Twilight Princess was delayed by Nintendo to allow its developers to refine the game, add more content, and port it to the Wii. The Wii version was released alongside the console in North America in November 2006, and in Japan, Europe, and Australia the following month. The GameCube version was released worldwide in December 2006.[b]', ' The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess (Japanese: ゼルダの伝説 トワイライトプリンセス, Hepburn: Zeruda no Densetsu: Towairaito Purinsesu?) is an action-adventure game developed and published by Nintendo for the domestic game consoles GameCube and Wii. It is the thirteenth episode of the The Legend of Zelda series. Initially planned for a release on GameCube in November 2005, Twilight Princess was delayed by Nintendo to allow its developers to perfect the game, add more content, and port it to Wii. The Wii version was released in North America at the same time as the console in November 2006, and in Japan, Europe, and Australia the following month. The GameCube version was released worldwide in December 2006.', 0.99649245, 1)
("Pelayos' plan was to use the Cantabrian mountains as a place of refuge and protection from the invading Moors. He then aimed to regroup the Iberian Peninsula's Christian armies and use the Cantabrian mountains as a springboard from which to regain their lands from the Moors. In the process, after defeating the Moors in the Battle of Covadonga in 722 AD, Pelayos was proclaimed king, thus founding the Christian Kingdom of Asturias and starting the war of Christian reconquest known in Portuguese as the Reconquista Cristã.", " Pelayo's plan was to use the Cantabrian mountains as a refuge and protection from the invading Moors. He intended to regroup the Christian armies of the Iberian Peninsula and use the Cantabrian mountains as a springboard to reclaim their lands from the Moors. After defeating the Moors in the Battle of Covadonga in 722 AD, Pelayo was proclaimed king, thus founding the Christian Kingdom of Asturias and initiating the Christian reconquest known in Portuguese as the Reconquista Cristã.", 0.99650687, 1)
("Sheriff Tate arrives and discovers that Bob Ewell has died during the fight. The sheriff argues with Atticus about the prudence and ethics of charging Jem (whom Atticus believes to be responsible) or Boo (whom Tate believes to be responsible). Atticus eventually accepts the sheriff's story that Ewell simply fell on his own knife. Boo asks Scout to walk him home, and after she says goodbye to him at his front door he disappears again. While standing on the Radley porch, Scout imagines life from Boo's perspective, and regrets that they had never repaid him for the gifts he had given them.", " The sheriff Tate arrives and discovers that Bob Ewell has died during the fight. The sheriff argues with Atticus about the reasonableness and ethics of charging Jem (who Atticus believes to be responsible) or Boo (who the sheriff believes to be responsible). Atticus eventually accepts the sheriff's story that Ewell fell on his own knife. Boo asks Scout to accompany him home, and after she says goodbye to him at his front door, he disappears again. While standing on the Radley porch, Scout imagines Boo's life, and regrets that they had never repaid him for the gifts he had given them.", 0.99654704, 1)
("By the early 1970s Portugal's fast economic growth with increasing consumption and purchase of new automobiles set the priority for improvements in transportation. Again in the 1990s, after joining the European Economic Community, the country built many new motorways. Today, the country has a 68,732 km (42,708 mi) road network, of which almost 3,000 km (1,864 mi) are part of system of 44 motorways. Opened in 1944, the first motorway (which linked Lisbon to the National Stadium) was an innovative project that made Portugal among one of the first countries in the world to establish a motorway (this roadway eventually became the Lisbon-Cascais highway, or A5). But, although a few other tracts were created (around 1960 and 1970), it was only after the beginning of the 1980s that large-scale motorway construction was implemented. In 1972, Brisa, the highway concessionaire, was founded to handle the management of many of the regions motorways. On many highways, toll needs to be paid, see Via Verde. Vasco da Gama bridge is the longest bridge in Europe.", " Since the 1970s, Portugal's fast economic growth with increasing consumption and purchase of new automobiles set the priority for improvements in transportation. Once again in the 1990s, after joining the European Economic Community, the country built many new motorways. Today, the country has a 68,732 km (42,708 mi) road network, of which almost 3,000 km (1,864 mi) are part of a system of 44 motorways. Opened in 1944, the first motorway (which linked Lisbon to the National Stadium) was an innovative project that made Portugal one of the first countries in the world to establish a motorway (this roadway eventually became the Lisbon-Cascais highway, or A5). But, although a few other tracts were created (around 1960 and 1970), it was only after the beginning of the 1980s that large-scale motorway construction was implemented. In 1972, Brisa, the highway concessionaire, was founded to handle the management of many of the region's motorways. On many highways, a toll needs to be paid, see Via Verde. Portugal's first motorway, opened in 1944, linked Lisbon to the National Stadium and was an innovative project that made Portugal one of the first countries in the world to establish a motorway. The roadway eventually became the Lisbon-Cascais highway, or A5. Although a few other motorway tracts were created in the 1960s and 1970s, large-scale motorway construction was not implemented until the beginning of the 1980s. In 1972, Brisa, the highway concessionaire, was founded to manage many of the region's motorways. A toll must be paid on many highways, see Via Verde. Since the 1970s, Portugal's rapid economic growth with increasing consumption and purchase of new automobiles prioritized transportation improvements. In the 1990s, after joining the European Economic Community, the country built many new motorways. Today, Portugal has a 68,732 km (42,708 mi) road network, with almost 3,000 km (1,864 mi) part of a system of 44 motorways. The first motorway, opened in 1944, linked Lisbon to the National Stadium and was an innovative project that made Portugal one of the first countries in the world to establish a motorway. This roadway eventually became the Lisbon-Cascais highway, or A5. Although a few other motorway tracts were created in the 1960s and 1970s, large-scale motorway construction was not implemented until the beginning of the 1980s. In 1972, Brisa, the highway concessionaire, was founded to manage many of the region's motorways. A toll must be paid on many highways, see Via Verde.", 0.9965582, 1)
("Chopin's music remains very popular and is regularly performed, recorded and broadcast worldwide. The world's oldest monographic music competition, the International Chopin Piano Competition, founded in 1927, is held every five years in Warsaw. The Fryderyk Chopin Institute of Poland lists on its website over eighty societies world-wide devoted to the composer and his music. The Institute site also lists nearly 1,500 performances of Chopin works on YouTube as of January 2014.", " The music of Chopin remains very popular and is regularly performed, recorded, and broadcasted worldwide. The oldest monographic music competition in the world, the International Chopin Piano Competition, founded in 1927, takes place every five years in Warsaw. The website of the Fryderyk Chopin Institute of Poland lists over eighty international societies dedicated to the composer and his music on its site. The website of the Institute also lists nearly 1,500 performances of Chopin's works on YouTube, according to data from January 2014.", 0.9966587, 1)
('Fryderyk may have had some piano instruction from his mother, but his first professional music tutor, from 1816 to 1821, was the Czech pianist Wojciech Żywny. His elder sister Ludwika also took lessons from Żywny, and occasionally played duets with her brother. It quickly became apparent that he was a child prodigy. By the age of seven Fryderyk had begun giving public concerts, and in 1817 he composed two polonaises, in G minor and B-flat major. His next work, a polonaise in A-flat major of 1821, dedicated to Żywny, is his earliest surviving musical manuscript.', ' Fryderyk could have received piano instructions from his mother, but his first professional music teacher from 1816 to 1821 was the Czech pianist Wojciech Żywny. His elder sister Ludwika also took lessons from Żywny and played duets with him occasionally. It had quickly become apparent that he was a child prodigy. At the age of seven, Fryderyk began giving public concerts, and in 1817, he composed two polonaises, one in E minor and the other in B flat major. His next work, a polonaise in D major of 1821, dedicated to Żywny, is his oldest surviving musical manuscript.', 0.99668753, 0)
("To promote the film, production continued the trend established during Skyfall's production of releasing still images of clapperboards and video blogs on Eon's official social media accounts.", " To promote the film, production continued the trend initiated during Skyfall's production of publishing still images of clapperboards and video blogs on Eon's official social media accounts.", 0.99673367, 1)
("In 27 BC, Lusitania gained the status of Roman province. Later, a northern province of Lusitania was formed, known as Gallaecia, with capital in Bracara Augusta, today's Braga. There are still many ruins of castros (hill forts) all over modern Portugal and remains of Castro culture. Numerous Roman sites are scattered around present-day Portugal, some urban remains are quite large, like Conímbriga and Mirobriga. The former, beyond being one of the largest Roman settlements in Portugal, is also classified as a National Monument. Conímbriga lies 16 km from Coimbra which by its turn was the ancient Aeminium). The site also has a museum that displays objects found by archaeologists during their excavations.", 'In 27 BC, Lusitania became a Roman province. Later, a northern province of Lusitania was created, named Gallaecia, with its capital in Bracara Augusta, now Braga. There are still many ruins of castros (hill forts) spread throughout modern Portugal and remains of Castro culture. Numerous Roman sites are scattered around present-day Portugal, some urban remains are quite large, such as Conímbriga and Mirobriga. The former, in addition to being one of the largest Roman settlements in Portugal, is also classified as a National Monument. Conímbriga is located 16 km from Coimbra, which in turn was the ancient Aeminium. The site also has a museum that displays objects found by archaeologists during their excavations.', 0.9967757, 1)
('Sociocultural anthropology has been heavily influenced by structuralist and postmodern theories, as well as a shift toward the analysis of modern societies. During the 1970s and 1990s, there was an epistemological shift away from the positivist traditions that had largely informed the discipline.[page needed] During this shift, enduring questions about the nature and production of knowledge came to occupy a central place in cultural and social anthropology. In contrast, archaeology and biological anthropology remained largely positivist. Due to this difference in epistemology, the four sub-fields of anthropology have lacked cohesion over the last several decades.', 'Sociocultural anthropology has been significantly influenced by structuralist and postmodern theories, as well as a shift towards the analysis of modern societies. In the 1970s and 1990s, there was an epistemological shift away from positivist traditions that had dominated the discipline. During this shift, enduring questions about the nature and production of knowledge became central in cultural and social anthropology. In contrast, archaeology and biological anthropology remained largely positivist. Due to this difference in epistemology, the four sub-fields of anthropology have lacked cohesion over the last several decades.', 0.99677694, 1)
('Beyoncé\'s first solo recording was a feature on Jay Z\'s "\'03 Bonnie & Clyde" that was released in October 2002, peaking at number four on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart. Her first solo album Dangerously in Love was released on June 24, 2003, after Michelle Williams and Kelly Rowland had released their solo efforts. The album sold 317,000 copies in its first week, debuted atop the Billboard 200, and has since sold 11 million copies worldwide. The album\'s lead single, "Crazy in Love", featuring Jay Z, became Beyoncé\'s first number-one single as a solo artist in the US. The single "Baby Boy" also reached number one, and singles, "Me, Myself and I" and "Naughty Girl", both reached the top-five. The album earned Beyoncé a then record-tying five awards at the 46th Annual Grammy Awards; Best Contemporary R&B Album, Best Female R&B Vocal Performance for "Dangerously in Love 2", Best R&B Song and Best Rap/Sung Collaboration for "Crazy in Love", and Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals for "The Closer I Get to You" with Luther Vandross.', ' The first solo recording of Beyoncé was an appearance on "03 Bonnie & Clyde" by Jay Z, released in October 2002, reaching the fourth place on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in the United States. Her first solo album, Dangerously in Love, was released on June 24, 2003, after Michelle Williams and Kelly Rowland had published their solo efforts. The album sold 317,000 copies in its first week, debuted at the top of the Billboard 200, and has since sold 11 million copies worldwide. The lead single, "Crazy in Love," featuring Jay Z, became Beyoncé\'s first solo number-one single in the United States. The single "Baby Boy" also reached number one, and the singles "Me, Myself and I" and "Naughty Girl," both reached the top-five. The album allowed Beyoncé to win a record-tying five awards at the 46th Grammy Awards: Best R&B Contemporary Album, Best Female R&B Vocal Performance for "Dangerously in Love 2," Best R&B Song and Best Rap/Sung Collaboration for "Crazy in Love," and Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals for "The Closer I Get to You" with Luther Vandross.', 0.9967874, 1)
("More than 200 newspapers and 350 consumer magazines have an office in the city, and the publishing industry employs about 25,000 people. Two of the three national daily newspapers in the United States are New York papers: The Wall Street Journal and The New York Times, which has won the most Pulitzer Prizes for journalism. Major tabloid newspapers in the city include: The New York Daily News, which was founded in 1919 by Joseph Medill Patterson and The New York Post, founded in 1801 by Alexander Hamilton. The city also has a comprehensive ethnic press, with 270 newspapers and magazines published in more than 40 languages. El Diario La Prensa is New York's largest Spanish-language daily and the oldest in the nation. The New York Amsterdam News, published in Harlem, is a prominent African American newspaper. The Village Voice is the largest alternative newspaper.", 'More than 200 daily newspapers and 350 consumer magazines have a bureau in the city, and the publishing industry employs approximately 25,000 people. Two out of three national daily newspapers in the United States are New York newspapers: The Wall Street Journal and The New York Times, which has won the most Pulitzer Prizes for journalism. The major tabloid newspapers in the city include: The New York Daily News, founded in 1919 by Joseph Medill Patterson and The New York Post, founded in 1801 by Alexander Hamilton. The city also houses an exhaustive ethnic press, with 270 journals and magazines published in over 40 languages. El Diario La Prensa is the most important Spanish-language daily newspaper in New York and the oldest in the country. The New York Amsterdam News, published in Harlem, is an important African-American newspaper. The Village Voice is the most important alternative newspaper.Note: The dates of foundation for The New York Post and The New York Amsterdam News were provided in the original text, but they were incorrect. The correct dates are 1801 for The New York Post and 1932 for The New York Amsterdam News. However, I have kept the incorrect dates in the translation as they were in the original text.', 0.9967993, 1)
('Jones comments that "Chopin\'s unique position as a composer, despite the fact that virtually everything he wrote was for the piano, has rarely been questioned." He also notes that Chopin was fortunate to arrive in Paris in 1831—"the artistic environment, the publishers who were willing to print his music, the wealthy and aristocratic who paid what Chopin asked for their lessons"—and these factors, as well as his musical genius, also fuelled his contemporary and later reputation. While his illness and his love-affairs conform to some of the stereotypes of romanticism, the rarity of his public recitals (as opposed to performances at fashionable Paris soirées) led Arthur Hutchings to suggest that "his lack of Byronic flamboyance [and] his aristocratic reclusiveness make him exceptional" among his romantic contemporaries, such as Liszt and Henri Herz.', ' Jones remarks that "Chopin\'s unique position as a composer, despite the fact that almost everything he wrote was for the piano, has rarely been questioned." He also notes that Chopin was fortunate to arrive in Paris in 1831—"the artistic environment, the publishers who were willing to print his music, the wealthy and aristocratic who paid what Chopin asked for their lessons"—and these factors, as well as his musical genius, also contributed to his contemporary and later reputation. However, his illness and love affairs conform to some of the stereotypes of romanticism, and the rarity of his public recitals (as opposed to performances at fashionable Paris soirées) led Arthur Hutchings to suggest that "his lack of Byronic flamboyance [and] his aristocratic reclusiveness make him exceptional" among his romantic contemporaries, such as Liszt and Henri Herz.', 0.99682, 1)
('George Gipp was the school\'s legendary football player during 1916–20. He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports. He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity. It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper." The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O\'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp. Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus. The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009. Kelly\'s record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21. In 2012, Kelly\'s Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game. Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons. Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history. The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22.1 million is retained from the team\'s profits for academic use. Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007.', ' George Gipp was the legendary football player of the school from 1916-20. He played semi-professional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when he wasn\'t playing sports. He was also humble, generous towards the needy, and a man of integrity. It was in 1928 that the famous coach Knute Rockne used his last conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat Army and "win one for the Gipper". The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, featured Pat O\'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp. Today, the team plays at Notre Dame Stadium, a stadium with 80,795 seats on campus. The current coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009. Kelly\'s record at mid-season of his sixth year at Notre Dame is 52-21. In 2012, Kelly\'s team, the Fighting Irish, remained undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game. Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons. Despite what Weis led his team to in two BCS games, his overall record was mediocre by Notre Dame standards, 35-27, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history. The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently and 22.1 million dollars were retained from the team\'s profits for academic purposes. Forbes magazine ranked the team as the most profitable college football team, with a total value of 101 million dollars in 2007.', 0.99682766, 1)
('A high-definition remaster of the game, The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess HD, is being developed by Tantalus Media for the Wii U. Officially announced during a Nintendo Direct presentation on November 12, 2015, it features enhanced graphics and Amiibo functionality. The game will be released in North America and Europe on March 4, 2016; in Australia on March 5, 2016; and in Japan on March 10, 2016.', ' A high definition remaster of the game, The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess HD, is in development by Tantalus Media for the Wii U. Officially announced during a Nintendo Direct presentation on November 12, 2015, it features improved graphics and Amiibo functionality. The game will be released in North America and Europe on March 4, 2016; in Australia on March 5, 2016; and in Japan on March 10, 2016.', 0.9969013, 1)
('Many districts and landmarks in New York City have become well known, and the city received a record 56 million tourists in 2014, hosting three of the world\'s ten most visited tourist attractions in 2013. Several sources have ranked New York the most photographed city in the world. Times Square, iconic as the world\'s "heart" and its "Crossroads", is the brightly illuminated hub of the Broadway Theater District, one of the world\'s busiest pedestrian intersections, and a major center of the world\'s entertainment industry. The names of many of the city\'s bridges, skyscrapers, and parks are known around the world. Anchored by Wall Street in the Financial District of Lower Manhattan, New York City has been called both the most economically powerful city and the leading financial center of the world, and the city is home to the world\'s two largest stock exchanges by total market capitalization, the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ. Manhattan\'s real estate market is among the most expensive in the world. Manhattan\'s Chinatown incorporates the highest concentration of Chinese people in the Western Hemisphere, with multiple signature Chinatowns developing across the city. Providing continuous 24/7 service, the New York City Subway is one of the most extensive metro systems worldwide, with 469 stations in operation. New York City\'s higher education network comprises over 120 colleges and universities, including Columbia University, New York University, and Rockefeller University, which have been ranked among the top 35 in the world.', 'Many districts and landmarks in New York City have become well-known, and the city welcomed a record 56 million tourists in 2014. New York hosted three of the ten most visited tourist attractions in the world in 2013. According to several sources, New York is the most photographed city in the world. Times Square, iconic as the world\'s "heart" and its "Crossroads," is the brightly illuminated hub of the Broadway Theater District, one of the world\'s busiest pedestrian intersections, and a major center of the world\'s entertainment industry. The names of many of the city\'s bridges, skyscrapers, and parks are known around the world. Anchored by Wall Street in the Financial District of Lower Manhattan, New York City has been called both the most economically powerful city and the leading financial center of the world. The city is home to the world\'s two largest stock exchanges by total market capitalization, the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ. Manhattan\'s real estate market is among the most expensive in the world. Manhattan\'s Chinatown incorporates the highest concentration of Chinese people in the Western Hemisphere, with multiple signature Chinatowns developing across the city. Providing continuous 24/7 service, the New York City Subway is one of the most extensive metro systems worldwide, with 469 stations in operation. New York City\'s higher education network comprises over 120 colleges and universities, including Columbia University, New York University, and Rockefeller University, which have been ranked among the top 35 in the world.', 0.99694586, 1)
("Chopin's life and his relations with George Sand have been fictionalized in numerous films. The 1945 biographical film A Song to Remember earned Cornel Wilde an Academy Award nomination as Best Actor for his portrayal of the composer. Other film treatments have included: La valse de l'adieu (France, 1928) by Henry Roussel, with Pierre Blanchar as Chopin; Impromptu (1991), starring Hugh Grant as Chopin; La note bleue (1991); and Chopin: Desire for Love (2002).", ' The life of Chopin and his relationship with George Sand have been fictionalized in numerous films. The 1945 biographical film A Song to Remember earned Cornel Wilde an Academy Award nomination as Best Actor for his portrayal of the composer. Other film treatments have included: The Dance of Monsieur (France, 1928) by Henry Roussel, with Pierre Blanchar as Chopin; Impromptu (1991), starring Hugh Grant as Chopin; The Blue Note (1991); and Chopin: Desire for Love (2002).', 0.99701273, 1)
('BMW released the first iPod automobile interface, allowing drivers of newer BMW vehicles to control an iPod using either the built-in steering wheel controls or the radio head-unit buttons. Apple announced in 2005 that similar systems would be available for other vehicle brands, including Mercedes-Benz, Volvo, Nissan, Toyota, Alfa Romeo, Ferrari, Acura, Audi, Honda, Renault, Infiniti and Volkswagen. Scion offers standard iPod connectivity on all their cars.', ' BMW launched the first iPod interface for cars, allowing drivers of newer BMW models to control an iPod using the integrated steering wheel controls or dashboard radio buttons. Apple announced in 2005 that similar systems would be available for other automobile brands, including Mercedes-Benz, Volvo, Nissan, Toyota, Alfa Romeo, Ferrari, Acura, Audi, Honda, Renault, Infiniti, and Volkswagen. Scion offers standard iPod connectivity on all their vehicles.', 0.9970225, 1)
('iPods have also gained popularity for use in education. Apple offers more information on educational uses for iPods on their website, including a collection of lesson plans. There has also been academic research done in this area in nursing education and more general K-16 education. Duke University provided iPods to all incoming freshmen in the fall of 2004, and the iPod program continues today with modifications. Entertainment Weekly put it on its end-of-the-decade, "best-of" list, saying, "Yes, children, there really was a time when we roamed the earth without thousands of our favorite jams tucked comfortably into our hip pockets. Weird."', ' iPods have also gained popularity in education. Apple provides more information on educational uses for iPods on their website, including a collection of lesson plans. Academic research has also been done in this area, in nursing education and more general K-16 education. Duke University gave iPods to all incoming freshmen in the fall of 2004, and the iPod program continues today with modifications. Entertainment Weekly put it on its end-of-the-decade, "best-of" list, saying, "Yes, children, there really was a time when we roamed the earth without thousands of our favorite jams tucked comfortably into our hip pockets. Weird."iPods have likewise found a place in education. Apple offers further information on the educational applications of iPods on their website, featuring a range of lesson plans. Academic research has been conducted in this field, particularly in nursing education and more general K-16 education. Duke University distributed iPods to all incoming freshmen in the fall of 2004, and the iPod program remains in place with modifications. Entertainment Weekly included it on its end-of-the-decade, "best-of" list, remarking, "Yes, children, there was indeed a time when we wandered the earth without thousands of our favorite tunes conveniently stored in our pockets."', 0.9970416, 1)
("New York is also a major center for non-commercial educational media. The oldest public-access television channel in the United States is the Manhattan Neighborhood Network, founded in 1971. WNET is the city's major public television station and a primary source of national Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) television programming. WNYC, a public radio station owned by the city until 1997, has the largest public radio audience in the United States.", ' New York is also a major center for non-commercial media education. The oldest public access television network in the United States is Manhattan Neighborhood Network, founded in 1971. WNET is the main public television station of the city and the primary source of programming for the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) of the United States. WNYC, a public radio station owned by the city until 1997, has the largest public radio audience in the United States.', 0.99704295, 1)
('The exclusion of social and political groups as targets of genocide in the CPPCG legal definition has been criticized by some historians and sociologists, for example M. Hassan Kakar in his book The Soviet Invasion and the Afghan Response, 1979–1982 argues that the international definition of genocide is too restricted, and that it should include political groups or any group so defined by the perpetrator and quotes Chalk and Jonassohn: "Genocide is a form of one-sided mass killing in which a state or other authority intends to destroy a group, as that group and membership in it are defined by the perpetrator." While there are various definitions of the term, Adam Jones states that the majority of genocide scholars consider that "intent to destroy" is a requirement for any act to be labelled genocide, and that there is growing agreement on the inclusion of the physical destruction criterion.', ' The exclusion of social and political groups as targets of genocide in the CPPCG legal definition has been criticized by some historians and sociologists, such as M. Hassan Kakar in his book The Soviet Invasion and the Afghan Response, 1979–1982. He argues that the international definition of genocide is too restricted and that it should include political groups or any group as defined by the perpetrator. Chalk and Jonassohn quote: "Genocide is a form of one-sided mass killing in which a state or other authority intends to destroy a group, as that group and membership in it are defined by the perpetrator." Although there are various definitions of the term, the majority of genocide scholars agree that "intent to destroy" is a requirement for any act to be labeled genocide, and there is growing consensus on the inclusion of the physical destruction criterion.', 0.997053, 1)
('Beyoncé\'s vocal range spans four octaves. Jody Rosen highlights her tone and timbre as particularly distinctive, describing her voice as "one of the most compelling instruments in popular music". While another critic says she is a "Vocal acrobat, being able to sing long and complex melismas and vocal runs effortlessly, and in key. Her vocal abilities mean she is identified as the centerpiece of Destiny\'s Child. The Daily Mail calls Beyoncé\'s voice "versatile", capable of exploring power ballads, soul, rock belting, operatic flourishes, and hip hop. Jon Pareles of The New York Times commented that her voice is "velvety yet tart, with an insistent flutter and reserves of soul belting". Rosen notes that the hip hop era highly influenced Beyoncé\'s strange rhythmic vocal style, but also finds her quite traditionalist in her use of balladry, gospel and falsetto. Other critics praise her range and power, with Chris Richards of The Washington Post saying she was "capable of punctuating any beat with goose-bump-inducing whispers or full-bore diva-roars."', ' Beyoncé\'s vocal range covers four octaves. Jody Rosen highlights her tonality and timbre as particularly distinctive, describing her voice as "one of the most appealing vocal instruments in popular music." Another critic labels her a "vocal acrobat," able to sing long and complex melodies and vocal runs effortlessly and in key. Her vocal abilities place her at the center of Destiny\'s Child. The Daily Mail describes Beyoncé\'s voice as "versatile," able to explore powerful ballads, soul, rock, operatic embellishments, and hip hop. Jon Pareles of the New York Times commented that her voice is "velvety but sour, with a hint of quiver and reserves of soulful belting." Rosen notes that hip hop has strongly influenced Beyoncé\'s strangely rhythmic vocal style, but also finds that she is quite traditionalist in her use of ballads, gospel, and falsetto. Other critics praise her range and power, with Chris Richards of the Washington Post describing her as "capable of punctuating any beat with goose-bump-inducing breaths or diva roars."', 0.9970582, 1)
('In 1897, Frank Shuman, a U.S. inventor, engineer and solar energy pioneer built a small demonstration solar engine that worked by reflecting solar energy onto square boxes filled with ether, which has a lower boiling point than water, and were fitted internally with black pipes which in turn powered a steam engine. In 1908 Shuman formed the Sun Power Company with the intent of building larger solar power plants. He, along with his technical advisor A.S.E. Ackermann and British physicist Sir Charles Vernon Boys, developed an improved system using mirrors to reflect solar energy upon collector boxes, increasing heating capacity to the extent that water could now be used instead of ether. Shuman then constructed a full-scale steam engine powered by low-pressure water, enabling him to patent the entire solar engine system by 1912.', ' In 1897, Frank Shuman, American inventor, engineer and solar energy pioneer, built a small solar engine demonstration, reflecting solar energy onto square boxes filled with ether, which had a lower boiling point than water, and equipped internally with black pipes that, in turn, supplied a steam machine. In 1908, Shuman founded the Sun Power Company with the intention of building larger solar electric power plants. He, along with his technical advisor A.S.E. Ackermann and British physicist Sir Charles Vernon Boys, developed an improved system using mirrors to reflect solar energy onto collection boxes, increasing the heating capacity to such an extent that water could now be used instead of ether. Shuman then built a full-scale steam engine to allow him to file the patent for the entire solar engine by 1912.', 0.99707913, 1)
("Real estate is a major force in the city's economy, as the total value of all New York City property was assessed at US$914.8 billion for the 2015 fiscal year. The Time Warner Center is the property with the highest-listed market value in the city, at US$1.1 billion in 2006. New York City is home to some of the nation's—and the world's—most valuable real estate. 450 Park Avenue was sold on July 2, 2007 for US$510 million, about $1,589 per square foot ($17,104/m²), breaking the barely month-old record for an American office building of $1,476 per square foot ($15,887/m²) set in the June 2007 sale of 660 Madison Avenue. According to Forbes, in 2014, Manhattan was home to six of the top ten zip codes in the United States by median housing price.", " The real estate market is a major force in the city's economy, as the total value of all New York City property was assessed at US$914.8 billion for the 2015 fiscal year. The Time Warner Center is the property with the highest-listed market value in the city, at US$1.1 billion in 2006. New York is home to some of the nation's and the world's most valuable real estate. 450 Park Avenue was sold on July 2, 2007 for US$510 million, about $1,589 per square foot ($17,104/m²), breaking the barely month-old record for an American office building of $1,476 per square foot ($15,887/m²) set in the June 2007 sale of 660 Madison Avenue. According to Forbes, in 2014, Manhattan was home to six of the top ten zip codes in the United States by median housing price.", 0.99708116, 1)
('An earlier draft of To Kill a Mockingbird, titled Go Set a Watchman, was controversially released on July 14, 2015. This draft, which was completed in 1957, is set 20 years after the time period depicted in To Kill a Mockingbird but is not a continuation of the narrative. This earlier version of the story follows an adult Scout Finch who travels from New York to visit her father, Atticus Finch, in Maycomb, Alabama, where she is confronted by the intolerance in her community. The Watchman manuscript was believed to have been lost until Lee\'s lawyer Tonja Carter discovered it; although this claim has been widely disputed. Watchman contains early versions of many of the characters from To Kill a Mockingbird. According to Lee\'s agent Andrew Nurnberg, Mockingbird was originally intended to be the first book of a trilogy: "They discussed publishing Mockingbird first, Watchman last, and a shorter connecting novel between the two." This assertion has been discredited however by the rare books expert James S. Jaffe, who reviewed the pages at the request of Lee\'s attorney and found them to be only another draft of "To Kill a Mockingbird". The statement was also contrary to Jonathan Mahler\'s description of how "Watchman" was seen as just the first draft of "Mockingbird". Instances where many passages overlap between the two books, in some case word for word, also refutes this assertion.', ' An earlier draft of To Kill a Mockingbird, titled Go Set a Watchman, was controversially published on July 14, 2015. This draft, finished in 1957, is set 20 years after the timeframe of To Kill a Mockingbird but is not a continuation of the story. This earlier version of the tale presents an adult Scout Finch who journeys from New York to see her father, Atticus Finch, in Maycomb, Alabama, where she encounters the intolerance in her community. The Watchman manuscript was thought to be lost until Lee\'s lawyer, Tonja Carter, discovered it; however, this claim has been widely challenged. Watchman includes early versions of many characters from To Kill a Mockingbird. According to Lee\'s agent, Andrew Nurnberg, Mockingbird was initially intended to be the first book of a trilogy: "They discussed publishing Mockingbird first, Watchman last, and a shorter connecting novel between the two." This claim has been debunked, however, by rare books expert James S. Jaffe, who examined the pages at the request of Lee\'s attorney and found them to be just another draft of "To Kill a Mockingbird." The statement was also inconsistent with Jonathan Mahlers description of how "Watchman" was viewed as just the first draft of "Mockingbird." Instances where numerous passages overlap between the two books, in some cases verbatim, also contradict this claim. However, please note that the translation may not be 100% accurate as I am an AI language model and do not possess the ability to access context or nuance in the same way a human does. It is always recommended to double-check any important translations with a professional translator or native speaker.', 0.99715, 1)
('Apple announced a battery replacement program on November 14, 2003, a week before a high publicity stunt and website by the Neistat Brothers. The initial cost was US$99, and it was lowered to US$59 in 2005. One week later, Apple offered an extended iPod warranty for US$59. For the iPod Nano, soldering tools are needed because the battery is soldered onto the main board. Fifth generation iPods have their battery attached to the backplate with adhesive.', ' Apple announced a battery replacement program on November 14, 2003, a week before a high publicity stunt and a website by the Neistat Brothers. The initial cost was $99 US, and it was lowered to $59 US in 2005. A week later, Apple offered an additional iPod warranty for $59 US. For iPod nano, soldering tools are required as the battery is soldered onto the main board. The fifth generation iPods have their batteries attached to the back panel with an adhesive.', 0.9971504, 1)
('On April 4, 2008, Beyoncé married Jay Z. She publicly revealed their marriage in a video montage at the listening party for her third studio album, I Am... Sasha Fierce, in Manhattan\'s Sony Club on October 22, 2008. I Am... Sasha Fierce was released on November 18, 2008 in the United States. The album formally introduces Beyoncé\'s alter ego Sasha Fierce, conceived during the making of her 2003 single "Crazy in Love", selling 482,000 copies in its first week, debuting atop the Billboard 200, and giving Beyoncé her third consecutive number-one album in the US. The album featured the number-one song "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" and the top-five songs "If I Were a Boy" and "Halo". Achieving the accomplishment of becoming her longest-running Hot 100 single in her career, "Halo"\'s success in the US helped Beyoncé attain more top-ten singles on the list than any other woman during the 2000s. It also included the successful "Sweet Dreams", and singles "Diva", "Ego", "Broken-Hearted Girl" and "Video Phone". The music video for "Single Ladies" has been parodied and imitated around the world, spawning the "first major dance craze" of the Internet age according to the Toronto Star. The video has won several awards, including Best Video at the 2009 MTV Europe Music Awards, the 2009 Scottish MOBO Awards, and the 2009 BET Awards. At the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards, the video was nominated for nine awards, ultimately winning three including Video of the Year. Its failure to win the Best Female Video category, which went to American country pop singer Taylor Swift\'s "You Belong with Me", led to Kanye West interrupting the ceremony and Beyoncé improvising a re-presentation of Swift\'s award during her own acceptance speech. In March 2009, Beyoncé embarked on the I Am... World Tour, her second headlining worldwide concert tour, consisting of 108 shows, grossing $119.5 million.', ' On April 4, 2008, Beyoncé got married to Jay Z. She publicly revealed their marriage in a music video at the launch of her third studio album, I Am... Sasha Fierce, at the Sony Club in Manhattan on October 22, 2008. I Am... Sasha Fierce was released in the US on November 18, 2008. This album officially introduced Beyoncé\'s alter ego, Sasha Fierce, created during the making of her 2003 single "Crazy in Love," selling 482,000 copies in its first week, debuting at the top of the Billboard 200, and giving Beyoncé her third consecutive number one album in the US. The album included the number one singles "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" and the top 5 singles "If I Were a Boy" and "Halo." The success of "Halo" in the US helped Beyoncé achieve more top 10 singles on the chart than any other woman during the 2000s. It also included the successes "Sweet Dreams," and the singles "Diva," "Ego," "Broken-Hearted Girl," and "Video Phone." The video for "Single Ladies" was parodied and imitated all over the world, generating the "first major dance craze" of the Internet according to the Toronto Star. The video won several awards, including Best Video at the MTV Europe Music Awards 2009, Scottish MOBO Awards 2009, and BET Awards 2009. At the MTV Video Music Awards 2009, the video was nominated for nine awards, finally winning three including Video of the Year. Her failure to win the Female Artist category, which went to country pop singer Taylor Swift for "You Belong with Me," led Kanye West to interrupt the ceremony and Beyoncé to improvise a re-presentation of Swift\'s award during her own acceptance speech. In March 2009, Beyoncé began the I Am... World Tour, her second worldwide concert tour headlining, consisting of 108 shows, totaling 119.5 million dollars.', 0.9971928, 1)
('There are at least 3,223 named lakes and reservoirs in Montana, including Flathead Lake, the largest natural freshwater lake in the western United States. Other major lakes include Whitefish Lake in the Flathead Valley and Lake McDonald and St. Mary Lake in Glacier National Park. The largest reservoir in the state is Fort Peck Reservoir on the Missouri river, which is contained by the second largest earthen dam and largest hydraulically filled dam in the world. Other major reservoirs include Hungry Horse on the Flathead River; Lake Koocanusa on the Kootenai River; Lake Elwell on the Marias River; Clark Canyon on the Beaverhead River; Yellowtail on the Bighorn River, Canyon Ferry, Hauser, Holter, Rainbow; and Black Eagle on the Missouri River.', ' There are at least 3,223 dams and reservoirs named in Montana, including Flathead Lake, the largest natural freshwater lake in the western United States. Other large lakes include Whitefish Lake in the Flathead Valley, and Lake McDonald and St. Mary Lake in Glacier National Park. The largest reservoir in the state is located on the Missouri River and is called Fort Peck Reservoir, which is contained by the second largest terrestrial dam and the largest hydraulically filled dam in the world. Other large reservoirs include Hungry Horse on the Flathead River; Lake Koocanusa on the Kootenai River; Lake Elwell on the Marias River; Clark Canyon on the Beaverhead River; Yellowtail on the Bighorn River, Canyon Ferry, Hauser, Holter, Rainbow and Black Eagle on the Missouri River.', 0.99723244, 1)
('Since October 2004, the iPod line has dominated digital music player sales in the United States, with over 90% of the market for hard drive-based players and over 70% of the market for all types of players. During the year from January 2004 to January 2005, the high rate of sales caused its U.S. market share to increase from 31% to 65% and in July 2005, this market share was measured at 74%. In January 2007 the iPod market share reached 72.7% according to Bloomberg Online.', ' Since October 2004, the iPod line has dominated digital music player sales in the United States, holding over 90% of the market share for hard drive-based players and over 70% of the market share for all types of players. During the year from January 2004 to January 2005, the high rate of sales caused its U.S. market share to increase from 31% to 65%, and in July 2005, this market share was measured at 74%. In January 2007, its market share in the United States reached 72.7% according to Bloomberg Online.', 0.99726766, 1)
('Chopin\'s music is frequently played with rubato, "the practice in performance of disregarding strict time, \'robbing\' some note-values for expressive effect". There are differing opinions as to how much, and what type, of rubato is appropriate for his works. Charles Rosen comments that "most of the written-out indications of rubato in Chopin are to be found in his mazurkas ... It is probable that Chopin used the older form of rubato so important to Mozart ... [where] the melody note in the right hand is delayed until after the note in the bass ... An allied form of this rubato is the arpeggiation of the chords thereby delaying the melody note; according to Chopin\'s pupil, Karol Mikuli, Chopin was firmly opposed to this practice."', ' The music of Chopin is frequently performed with rubato, "the practice in performance of disregarding strict time, robbing some note-values for expressive effect". There are varying opinions as to how much, and what type, of rubato is appropriate for his works. Charles Rosen notes that "most of the written-out indications of rubato in Chopin are to be found in his mazurkas ... It is probable that Chopin used the older form of rubato so important to Mozart ... [where] the melody note in the right hand is delayed until after the note in the bass ... An allied form of this rubato is the arpeggiation of the chords thereby delaying the melody note; according to Chopin\'s pupil, Karol Mikuli, Chopin was firmly opposed to this practice."', 0.997347, 1)
('Ultimately, Lee spent over two and a half years writing To Kill a Mockingbird. The book was published on July 11, 1960. After rejecting the "Watchman" title, it was initially re-titled Atticus, but Lee renamed it "To Kill a Mockingbird" to reflect that the story went beyond just a character portrait. The editorial team at Lippincott warned Lee that she would probably sell only several thousand copies. In 1964, Lee recalled her hopes for the book when she said, "I never expected any sort of success with \'Mockingbird.\' ... I was hoping for a quick and merciful death at the hands of the reviewers but, at the same time, I sort of hoped someone would like it enough to give me encouragement. Public encouragement. I hoped for a little, as I said, but I got rather a whole lot, and in some ways this was just about as frightening as the quick, merciful death I\'d expected." Instead of a "quick and merciful death", Reader\'s Digest Condensed Books chose the book for reprinting in part, which gave it a wide readership immediately. Since the original publication, the book has never been out of print.', ' Ultimately, Lee spent over two and a half years writing To Kill a Mockingbird. The book was published on July 11, 1960. After rejecting the "Watchman" title, it was initially titled Atticus, but Lee renamed it "To Kill a Mockingbird" to reflect that the story went beyond just a character portrait. The editorial team at Lippincott warned Lee that she would probably sell only several thousand copies. In 1964, Lee recalled her hopes for the book when she said, "I never expected any sort of success with Mockingbird. ... I was hoping for a quick and merciful death at the hands of the reviewers but, at the same time, I sort of hoped someone would like it enough to give me encouragement. Public encouragement. I hoped for a little, as I said, but I got rather a whole lot, and in some ways this was just about as frightening as the quick, merciful death Id expected." Instead of a "quick and merciful death", Reader\'s Digest Condensed Books chose the book for reprinting in part, which gave it a wide readership immediately. Since the original publication, the book has never been out of print.', 0.99736655, 1)
('Chopin\'s harmonic innovations may have arisen partly from his keyboard improvisation technique. Temperley says that in his works "novel harmonic effects frequently result from the combination of ordinary appoggiaturas or passing notes with melodic figures of accompaniment", and cadences are delayed by the use of chords outside the home key (neapolitan sixths and diminished sevenths), or by sudden shifts to remote keys. Chord progressions sometimes anticipate the shifting tonality of later composers such as Claude Debussy, as does Chopin\'s use of modal harmony.', ' The harmonic innovations of Chopin may have originated partly from his keyboard improvisation technique. According to Temperley, in his works, "novel harmonic effects frequently result from the combination of ordinary appogiaturas or passing notes with melodic figures of accompaniment." Cadences are delayed by the use of chords outside the home key (neapolitan sixths and diminished sevenths), or by sudden shifts to remote keys. The chord progressions sometimes anticipate the shifting tonality of later composers such as Claude Debussy, as does Chopin\'s use of modal harmony.', 0.9974027, 1)
("In soccer, New York City is represented by New York City FC of Major League Soccer, who play their home games at Yankee Stadium. The New York Red Bulls play their home games at Red Bull Arena in nearby Harrison, New Jersey. Historically, the city is known for the New York Cosmos, the highly successful former professional soccer team which was the American home of Pelé, one of the world's most famous soccer players. A new version of the New York Cosmos was formed in 2010, and began play in the second division North American Soccer League in 2013. The Cosmos play their home games at James M. Shuart Stadium on the campus of Hofstra University, just outside the New York City limits in Hempstead, New York.", ' In soccer, New York is represented by New York City FC of Major League Soccer, who play their home games at Yankee Stadium. New York Red Bulls play their home games at Red Bull Arena in Harrison, New Jersey. Historically, the city is known for the New York Cosmos, the successful professional team which was the American home of Pelé, one of the most famous soccer players in the world. A new version of the New York Cosmos was formed in 2010, and started playing in 2013 in the second division of the North American Soccer League. The Cosmos play their home games at James M. Shuart Stadium on the campus of Hofstra University, just on the outskirts of New York City in Hempstead, New York.', 0.9974773, 1)
("The New York City Public Schools system, managed by the New York City Department of Education, is the largest public school system in the United States, serving about 1.1 million students in more than 1,700 separate primary and secondary schools. The city's public school system includes nine specialized high schools to serve academically and artistically gifted students.", ' The New York City public school system, managed by the New York Department of Education, is the largest public school system in the United States, serving approximately 1.1 million students in over 1,700 separate primary and secondary schools. The New York City public school system includes nine specialized high schools for serving academically and artistically gifted students.', 0.99747926, 1)
('Hans Bielenstein writes that as far back as the Han dynasty (202 BCE–220 CE), the Han Chinese government "maintained the fiction" that the foreign officials administering the various "Dependent States" and oasis city-states of the Western Regions (composed of the Tarim Basin and oasis of Turpan) were true Han representatives due to the Han government\'s conferral of Chinese seals and seal cords to them.', " Hans Bielenstein writes that as far back as the Han dynasty (202 BCE–220 CE), the Han Chinese government maintained the fiction that the foreign officials administering the various Dependent States and oasis city-states of the Western Regions, comprised of the Tarim Basin and oasis of Turpan, were true Han representatives due to the Han government's conferral of Chinese seals and seal cords to them.", 0.9975002, 1)
('Beyoncé\'s lighter skin color and costuming has drawn criticism from some in the African-American community. Emmett Price, a professor of music at Northeastern University, wrote in 2007, that he thinks race plays a role in many of these criticisms, saying white celebrities who dress similarly do not attract as many comments. In 2008, L\'Oréal was accused of whitening her skin in their Feria hair color advertisements, responding that "it is categorically untrue", and in 2013, Beyoncé herself criticized H&M for their proposed "retouching" of promotional images of her, and according to Vogue requested that only "natural pictures be used".', ' Beyoncé\'s lighter skin color and costuming have drawn criticism from some members of the African-American community. Emmett Price, a music professor at Northeastern University, wrote in 2007 that, in his opinion, race plays a role in many of these criticisms, stating that white celebrities who dress similarly do not receive as many comments. In 2008, L\'Oréal was accused of whitening her skin in their Feria hair color advertisements, responding that "it is categorically untrue". In 2013, Beyoncé herself criticized H&M for their proposed "retouching" of promotional images of her, and, according to Vogue, she requested that only "natural pictures be used".', 0.99753356, 1)
('Urban anthropology is concerned with issues of urbanization, poverty, and neoliberalism. Ulf Hannerz quotes a 1960s remark that traditional anthropologists were "a notoriously agoraphobic lot, anti-urban by definition". Various social processes in the Western World as well as in the "Third World" (the latter being the habitual focus of attention of anthropologists) brought the attention of "specialists in \'other cultures\'" closer to their homes. There are two principle approaches in urban anthropology: by examining the types of cities or examining the social issues within the cities. These two methods are overlapping and dependent of each other. By defining different types of cities, one would use social factors as well as economic and political factors to categorize the cities. By directly looking at the different social issues, one would also be studying how they affect the dynamic of the city.', ' Urban anthropology deals with issues of urbanization, poverty, and neoliberalism. Ulf Hannerz quotes a 1960s remark that traditional anthropologists were "a notoriously agoraphobic lot, anti-urban by definition". Various social processes in the Western World, as well as in the "Third World" (the latter being the habitual focus of attention of anthropologists), brought the attention of "specialists in other cultures" closer to their homes. There are two principle approaches in urban anthropology: examining the types of cities or examining the social issues within the cities. These two methods are overlapping and dependent on each other. By defining different types of cities, one would use social, economic, and political factors to categorize the cities. By directly looking at the different social issues, one would also be studying how they affect the dynamic of the city.', 0.9975618, 1)
("The George Washington Bridge is the world's busiest motor vehicle bridge, connecting Manhattan to Bergen County, New Jersey. The Verrazano-Narrows Bridge is the longest suspension bridge in the Americas and one of the world's longest. The Brooklyn Bridge is an icon of the city itself. The towers of the Brooklyn Bridge are built of limestone, granite, and Rosendale cement, and their architectural style is neo-Gothic, with characteristic pointed arches above the passageways through the stone towers. This bridge was also the longest suspension bridge in the world from its opening until 1903, and is the first steel-wire suspension bridge.", ' The George Washington Bridge is the busiest motor vehicle bridge in the world, connecting Manhattan to Bergen County, New Jersey. The Verrazano-Narrows Bridge is the longest suspension bridge in the Americas and one of the longest in the world. The Brooklyn Bridge is an icon of the city itself. The towers of the Brooklyn Bridge are built of limestone, granite, and Rosendale cement, and their architectural style is neo-Gothic, with characteristic pointed arches above the passageways through the stone towers. This bridge was also the longest suspension bridge in the world from its opening in 1883 until 1903, and is the first steel-wire suspension bridge.', 0.99757457, 1)
("New York City's commuter rail network is the largest in North America. The rail network, connecting New York City to its suburbs, consists of the Long Island Rail Road, Metro-North Railroad, and New Jersey Transit. The combined systems converge at Grand Central Terminal and Pennsylvania Station and contain more than 250 stations and 20 rail lines. In Queens, the elevated AirTrain people mover system connects JFK International Airport to the New York City Subway and the Long Island Rail Road; a separate AirTrain system is planned alongside the Grand Central Parkway to connect LaGuardia Airport to these transit systems. For intercity rail, New York City is served by Amtrak, whose busiest station by a significant margin is Pennsylvania Station on the West Side of Manhattan, from which Amtrak provides connections to Boston, Philadelphia, and Washington, D.C. along the Northeast Corridor, as well as long-distance train service to other North American cities.", ' The New York City commuter rail network is the largest in North America. This rail network, connecting New York City to its suburbs, comprises the Long Island Rail Road, Metro-North Railroad, and New Jersey Transit. The combined systems intersect at Grand Central Terminal and Pennsylvania Station and encompass over 250 stations and 20 rail lines. In Queens, the elevated AirTrain people mover system links JFK International Airport to the New York City Subway and the Long Island Rail Road; a separate AirTrain system is planned alongside the Grand Central Parkway to connect LaGuardia Airport to these transit systems. For intercity rail, New York City is catered to by Amtrak, whose busiest station, by a considerable margin, is Pennsylvania Station on the West Side of Manhattan. Amtrak offers connections to Boston, Philadelphia, and Washington, D.C. along the Northeast Corridor, as well as long-distance train service to other North American cities from this station.', 0.99759305, 1)
("The last opus number that Chopin himself used was 65, allocated to the Cello Sonata in G minor. He expressed a deathbed wish that all his unpublished manuscripts be destroyed. At the request of the composer's mother and sisters, however, his musical executor Julian Fontana selected 23 unpublished piano pieces and grouped them into eight further opus numbers (Opp. 66–73), published in 1855. In 1857, 17 Polish songs that Chopin wrote at various stages of his life were collected and published as Op. 74, though their order within the opus did not reflect the order of composition.", " The last opus number that Chopin used was 65, assigned to the Cello Sonata in G minor. He expressed a deathbed wish that all his unpublished manuscripts be destroyed. However, at the request of the composer's mother and sisters, his musical executor Julian Fontana selected 23 unpublished piano pieces and grouped them into eight further opus numbers (Opp. 66–73), published in 1855. In 1857, 17 Polish songs that Chopin wrote at various stages of his life were collected and published as Op. 74. The order of these songs within the opus did not reflect the order of composition.", 0.9976709, 1)
("In 1904, the steamship General Slocum caught fire in the East River, killing 1,021 people on board. In 1911, the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire, the city's worst industrial disaster, took the lives of 146 garment workers and spurred the growth of the International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union and major improvements in factory safety standards.", " In 1904, the steamship General Slocum caught fire in the East River, killing 1,021 people on board. In 1911, the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire, the city's worst industrial disaster, claimed the lives of 146 garment workers and stimulated the growth of the International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union and significant factory safety improvements.", 0.9976717, 1)
("On January 7, 2012, Beyoncé gave birth to her first child, a daughter, Blue Ivy Carter, at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York. Five months later, she performed for four nights at Revel Atlantic City's Ovation Hall to celebrate the resort's opening, her first performances since giving birth to Blue Ivy.", " On January 7, 2012, Beyoncé gave birth to her first child, a daughter, Blue Ivy Carter, at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York. Five months later, she gave four shows at Revel Atlantic City's Ovation Hall to celebrate the resort's opening, her first performances since giving birth to Blue Ivy.", 0.99777794, 1)
('Darwin and Wallace unveiled evolution in the late 1850s. There was an immediate rush to bring it into the social sciences. Paul Broca in Paris was in the process of breaking away from the Société de biologie to form the first of the explicitly anthropological societies, the Société d\'Anthropologie de Paris, meeting for the first time in Paris in 1859.[n 4] When he read Darwin he became an immediate convert to Transformisme, as the French called evolutionism. His definition now became "the study of the human group, considered as a whole, in its details, and in relation to the rest of nature".', 'Darwin and Wallace revealed evolution in the late 1850s. There was an immediate rush to bring it into the social sciences. Paul Broca in Paris was in the process of breaking away from the Société de biologie to form the first of the explicitly anthropological societies, the Société d\'Anthropologie de Paris, which met for the first time in Paris in 1859. [note 4] When he read Darwin, he became an immediate convert to Transformisme, as the French called evolutionism. His definition then became "the study of the human group, considered as a whole, in its details, and in relation to the rest of nature".]Translation:Darwin and Wallace introduced evolution in the late 1850s. There was an immediate push to incorporate it into the social sciences. Paul Broca in Paris was in the process of breaking away from the Société de biologie to establish the first explicitly anthropological society, the Société d\'Anthropologie de Paris, which held its first meeting in Paris in 1859.[note 4] Upon reading Darwin, he became an immediate advocate for Transformisme, as the French referred to evolutionism. His definition then evolved into "the study of the human group as a whole, in its details, and in relation to the rest of nature".', 0.99781245, 1)
("In October 1810, six months after Fryderyk's birth, the family moved to Warsaw, where his father acquired a post teaching French at the Warsaw Lyceum, then housed in the Saxon Palace. Fryderyk lived with his family in the Palace grounds. The father played the flute and violin; the mother played the piano and gave lessons to boys in the boarding house that the Chopins kept. Chopin was of slight build, and even in early childhood was prone to illnesses.", " In October 1810, six months after Fryderyk's birth, the family moved to Warsaw, where his father obtained a post teaching French at the Warsaw Lyceum, which at the time was housed in the Saxon Palace. Fryderyk lived with his family in the Palace grounds. The father played the flute and the violin; the mother played the piano and gave piano lessons to the boys in Chopin's boarding house. Chopin was of slight build, and even in early childhood was prone to illnesses.", 0.9978147, 1)
('The City of New York has a complex park system, with various lands operated by the National Park Service, the New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation, and the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation.', ' The City of New York has a complex park system, with lands managed by the National Park Service, the New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation, and the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation.', 0.9979371, 1)
('The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898. Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree. All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome. The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e.g. following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture). It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize.', ' The School of Architecture was founded in 1899, although the first architecture degrees were granted by the university in 1898. Today, the school, located in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to a Bachelor of Architecture. All licensed students study the third year of the program in Rome. The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urbanism (for example, following the principles of New Urbanism and Neoclassical Architecture). It also awards the annual Driehaus Architecture Prize.', 0.9979687, 1)
("Sociologists and criminologists have not reached consensus on the explanation for the dramatic decrease in the city's crime rate. Some attribute the phenomenon to new tactics used by the NYPD, including its use of CompStat and the broken windows theory. Others cite the end of the crack epidemic and demographic changes, including from immigration. Another theory is that widespread exposure to lead pollution from automobile exhaust, which can lower intelligence and increase aggression levels, incited the initial crime wave in the mid-20th century, most acutely affecting heavily trafficked cities like New York. A strong correlation was found demonstrating that violent crime rates in New York and other big cities began to fall after lead was removed from American gasoline in the 1970s. Another theory cited to explain New York City's falling homicide rate is the inverse correlation between the number of murders and the increasingly wetter climate in the city.", "Sociologists and criminologists have not reached a consensus on the explanation for the dramatic decrease in the city's crime rate. Some attribute it to new tactics used by the NYPD, including its use of CompStat and the broken windows theory. Others cite the end of the crack epidemic and demographic changes, including immigration. Another theory suggests that widespread exposure to lead pollution from automobile exhaust, which can lower intelligence and increase aggression levels, incited the initial crime wave in the mid-20th century, most acutely affecting heavily trafficked cities like New York. A strong correlation was found demonstrating that violent crime rates in New York and other big cities began to fall after lead was removed from American gasoline in the 1970s. Another theory cited to explain New York City's falling homicide rate is the inverse correlation between the number of murders and the increasingly wetter climate in the city.", 0.9980008, 1)
('Beyoncé has won 20 Grammy Awards, both as a solo artist and member of Destiny\'s Child, making her the second most honored female artist by the Grammys, behind Alison Krauss and the most nominated woman in Grammy Award history with 52 nominations. "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" won Song of the Year in 2010 while "Say My Name" and "Crazy in Love" had previously won Best R&B Song. Dangerously in Love, B\'Day and I Am... Sasha Fierce have all won Best Contemporary R&B Album. Beyoncé set the record for the most Grammy awards won by a female artist in one night in 2010 when she won six awards, breaking the tie she previously held with Alicia Keys, Norah Jones, Alison Krauss, and Amy Winehouse, with Adele equaling this in 2012. Following her role in Dreamgirls she was nominated for Best Original Song for "Listen" and Best Actress at the Golden Globe Awards, and Outstanding Actress in a Motion Picture at the NAACP Image Awards. Beyoncé won two awards at the Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards 2006; Best Song for "Listen" and Best Original Soundtrack for Dreamgirls: Music from the Motion Picture.', ' Beyoncé has won 20 Grammy awards, both as a solo artist and as a member of Destiny\'s Child, making her the second most awarded female artist in Grammy history, behind Alison Krauss, and the most nominated woman in Grammy history with 52 nominations. "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" won the Record of the Year award in 2010, while "Say My Name" and "Crazy in Love" had previously won the award for Best R&B Song. Dangerously in Love, BDay and I Am... Sasha Fierce all won the award for Best Contemporary R&B Album. Beyoncé broke the record for the most Grammy awards won by a woman in one night in 2010, with six awards, surpassing the record she shared with Alicia Keys, Norah Jones, Alison Krauss and Amy Winehouse, which Adele broke in 2012. Following her role in Dreamgirls, she was nominated for the Best Original Song award for "Listen" and for the Best Actress award at the Golden Globe Awards, and for the Best Actress in a Film award at the NAACP Image Awards. Beyoncé won two awards at the 2006 Critics\' Choice Television and Film Awards: Best Song for "Listen" and Best Original Score for Dreamgirls: Music from the Film.', 0.99801755, 1)
("The New York Public Library, which has the largest collection of any public library system in the United States, serves Manhattan, the Bronx, and Staten Island. Queens is served by the Queens Borough Public Library, the nation's second largest public library system, while the Brooklyn Public Library serves Brooklyn.", ' The New York Public Library, which has the largest collection of any public library system in the United States, serves Manhattan, The Bronx, and Staten Island. Queens is served by the Queens Borough Public Library, the second largest public library system in the United States, while Brooklyn is served by the Brooklyn Public Library.', 0.99816424, 1)
("New York City's public bus fleet is the largest in North America, and the Port Authority Bus Terminal, the main intercity bus terminal of the city, serves 7,000 buses and 200,000 commuters daily, making it the busiest bus station in the world.", ' The public bus fleet of New York is the largest in North America, and the Port Authority Bus Terminal, the principal intercity bus terminal in the city, serves 7,000 buses and 200,000 commuters daily, making it the busiest bus station in the world.', 0.99835324, 1)
("Beyoncé has worked with Pepsi since 2002, and in 2004 appeared in a Gladiator-themed commercial with Britney Spears, Pink, and Enrique Iglesias. In 2012, Beyoncé signed a $50 million deal to endorse Pepsi. The Center for Science in the Public Interest (CSPINET) wrote Beyoncé an open letter asking her to reconsider the deal because of the unhealthiness of the product and to donate the proceeds to a medical organisation. Nevertheless, NetBase found that Beyoncé's campaign was the most talked about endorsement in April 2013, with a 70 per cent positive audience response to the commercial and print ads.", " Beyoncé has worked with Pepsi since 2002. In 2004, she took part in a Gladiator-themed commercial with Britney Spears, Pink and Enrique Iglesias. In 2012, Beyoncé signed a $50 million deal to endorse Pepsi. The Center for Science in the Public Interest (CSPI) wrote an open letter to Beyoncé asking her to reconsider the deal because of the unhealthiness of the product and to donate the proceeds to a medical organization. However, NetBase found that Beyoncé's campaign was the most discussed endorsement in April 2013, with a 70% positive audience response to the commercial and print ads.", 0.99835867, 1)
('In the early 1900s, James J. Hill of the Great Northern began promoting settlement in the Montana prairie to fill his trains with settlers and goods. Other railroads followed suit. In 1902, the Reclamation Act was passed, allowing irrigation projects to be built in Montana\'s eastern river valleys. In 1909, Congress passed the Enlarged Homestead Act that expanded the amount of free land from 160 to 320 acres (0.6 to 1.3 km2) per family and in 1912 reduced the time to "prove up" on a claim to three years. In 1916, the Stock-Raising Homestead Act allowed homesteads of 640 acres in areas unsuitable for irrigation.  This combination of advertising and changes in the Homestead Act drew tens of thousands of homesteaders, lured by free land, with World War I bringing particularly high wheat prices. In addition, Montana was going through a temporary period of higher-than-average precipitation. Homesteaders arriving in this period were known as "Honyockers", or "scissorbills." Though the word "honyocker", possibly derived from the ethnic slur "hunyak," was applied in a derisive manner at homesteaders as being "greenhorns", "new at his business" or "unprepared", the reality was that a majority of these new settlers had previous farming experience, though there were also many who did not.', ' In the early 1900s, James J. Hill of the Great Northern Railway began promoting settlement in Montana\'s prairie to fill his trains with settlers and goods. Other railroads followed suit. In 1902, the Reclamation Act was passed, allowing irrigation projects to be built in Montana\'s eastern river valleys. In 1909, Congress passed the Enlarged Homestead Act, which expanded the amount of free land from 160 to 320 acres (0.6 to 1.3 km2) per family and in 1912 reduced the time to "prove up" on a claim to three years. In 1916, the Stock-Raising Homestead Act allowed homesteads of 640 acres in areas unsuitable for irrigation. This combination of advertising and changes in the Homestead Act attracted tens of thousands of homesteaders, lured by free land, with World War I bringing particularly high wheat prices. In addition, Montana was going through a temporary period of higher-than-average precipitation. Homesteaders arriving in this period were known as "Honyockers" or "scissorbills". The term "honyocker", possibly derived from the ethnic slur "hunyak", was used to refer to inexperienced or unprepared homesteaders, regardless of their ethnic background.Note: The term "hunyak" is not a commonly known ethnic slur and its origin is unclear. It is possible that it is a misspelling or misinterpretation of another term.', 0.9984423, 1)
('On 6 April 2011, after his proposed "Plan for Stability and Growth IV" (PEC IV) was rejected by the Parliament, Prime Minister José Sócrates announced on national television that the country would request financial assistance from the IMF and the European Financial Stability Facility, as Greece and the Republic of Ireland had done previously. It was the third time that the Portuguese government had requested external financial aid from the IMF—the first occasion occurred in the late 1970s following the Carnation\'s Revolution. In October 2011, Moody\'s Investor Services downgraded nine Portuguese banks due to financial weakness.', ' On 6 April 2011, after his "Plan for Stability and Growth IV" (PEC IV) was rejected by the Parliament, Prime Minister José Sócrates announced on national television that the country would request financial assistance from the IMF and the European Financial Stability Facility, just like Greece and the Republic of Ireland had done previously. This was the third time that the Portuguese government had requested external financial aid from the IMF—the first occasion occurred in the late 1970s following the Carnations Revolution. In October 2011, Moody\'s Investor Services downgraded the rating of nine Portuguese banks due to financial weakness.', 0.99844944, 1)
('Beyoncé Giselle Knowles was born in Houston, Texas, to Celestine Ann "Tina" Knowles (née Beyincé), a hairdresser and salon owner, and Mathew Knowles, a Xerox sales manager. Beyoncé\'s name is a tribute to her mother\'s maiden name. Beyoncé\'s younger sister Solange is also a singer and a former member of Destiny\'s Child. Mathew is African-American, while Tina is of Louisiana Creole descent (with African, Native American, French, Cajun, and distant Irish and Spanish ancestry). Through her mother, Beyoncé is a descendant of Acadian leader Joseph Broussard. She was raised in a Methodist household.', ' Beyoncé Giselle Knowles was born in Houston, Texas, to Celestine Ann "Tina" Knowles, a hairdresser and salon owner, and Mathew Knowles, a Xerox sales manager. Beyoncé\'s name is a tribute to her mother\'s maiden name. Solange Knowles, Beyoncé\'s younger sister, is also a singer and a former member of Destiny\'s Child. Mathew is African-American, while Tina is of Louisiana Creole descent (with African, Native American, French, Cajun, and distant Irish and Spanish ancestry). Through her mother, Beyoncé is a descendant of Acadian leader Joseph Broussard. She was raised in a Methodist household.', 0.9985058, 1)
('New York City has over 28,000 acres (110 km2) of municipal parkland and 14 miles (23 km) of public beaches. Parks in New York City include Central Park, Prospect Park, Flushing Meadows–Corona Park, Forest Park, and Washington Square Park. The largest municipal park in the city is Pelham Bay Park with 2,700 acres (1,093 ha).', ' New York City has over 28,000 acres (110 km2) of municipal land and 14 miles (23 km) of public beaches. The parks in New York City include Central Park, Prospect Park, Flushing Meadows–Corona Park, Forest Park, and Washington Square Park. The largest municipal park in the city is Pelham Bay Park, with 2,700 acres (1,093 ha).', 0.99864614, 1)
('Many rescue teams, including that of the Taipei Fire Department from Taiwan, were reported ready to join the rescue effort in Sichuan as early as Wednesday. However, the Red Cross Society of China said that (on May 13) "it was inconvenient currently due to the traffic problem to the hardest hit areas closest to the epicenter." The Red Cross Society of China also stated that the disaster areas need tents, medical supplies, drinking water and food; however it recommended donating cash instead of other items, as it had not been possible to reach roads that were completely damaged or places that were blocked off by landslides. Landslides continuously threatened the progress of a search and rescue group of 80 men, each carrying about 40 kg of relief supplies, from a motorized infantry brigade under commander Yang Wenyao, as they tried to reach the ethnically Tibetan village of Sier at a height of 4000 m above sea level in Pingwu county. The extreme terrain conditions precluded the use of helicopter evacuation, and over 300 of the Tibetan villagers were stranded in their demolished village for five days without food and water before the rescue group finally arrived to help the injured and stranded villagers down the mountain.', 'Many rescue teams, including that of the Taipei Fire Department from Taiwan, were reported ready to join the rescue effort in Sichuan as early as Wednesday. However, the Red Cross Society of China stated on May 13 that "it was inconvenient currently due to the traffic problem to reach the hardest hit areas closest to the epicenter." The Red Cross Society of China also noted that the disaster areas require tents, medical supplies, drinking water, and food. However, it recommended donating cash instead of other items, as it had not been possible to reach roads that were completely damaged or places that were blocked off by landslides. Landslides continuously threatened the progress of a search and rescue group of 80 men, each carrying about 40 kg of relief supplies, from a motorized infantry brigade.', 0.9986648, 1)
('The theme of racial injustice appears symbolically in the novel as well. For example, Atticus must shoot a rabid dog, even though it is not his job to do so. Carolyn Jones argues that the dog represents prejudice within the town of Maycomb, and Atticus, who waits on a deserted street to shoot the dog, must fight against the town\'s racism without help from other white citizens. He is also alone when he faces a group intending to lynch Tom Robinson and once more in the courthouse during Tom\'s trial. Lee even uses dreamlike imagery from the mad dog incident to describe some of the courtroom scenes. Jones writes, "[t]he real mad dog in Maycomb is the racism that denies the humanity of Tom Robinson .... When Atticus makes his summation to the jury, he literally bares himself to the jury\'s and the town\'s anger."', ' The theme of racial injustice appears symbolically in the novel as well. For example, Atticus must shoot a rabid dog, even though it is not his job to do so. Carolyn Jones argues that the dog represents prejudice within the town of Maycomb, and Atticus, who waits alone on a deserted street to shoot the dog, must fight against the town\'s racism without help from other white citizens. He is also alone when he faces a group intending to lynch Tom Robinson and once more in the courthouse during Tom\'s trial. Lee even uses dreamlike imagery from the mad dog incident to describe some of the courtroom scenes. Jones writes, "the real mad dog in Maycomb is the racism that denies the humanity of Tom Robinson .... When Atticus makes his summation to the jury, he literally bares himself to the jury\'s and the town\'s anger."', 0.9986759, 1)
("Each year HHC's facilities provide about 225,000 admissions, one million emergency room visits and five million clinic visits to New Yorkers. HHC facilities treat nearly one-fifth of all general hospital discharges and more than one third of emergency room and hospital-based clinic visits in New York City.", ' Each year, HHC facilities provide approximately 225,000 admissions, one million emergency room visits, and five million clinic visits to New Yorkers. HHC facilities treat nearly one-fifth of all general hospital discharges and more than one third of emergency room and hospital-based clinic visits in New York City.', 0.9986772, 1)
('Beyoncé has received numerous awards. As a solo artist she has sold over 15 million albums in the US, and over 118 million records worldwide (a further 60 million additionally with Destiny\'s Child), making her one of the best-selling music artists of all time. The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) listed Beyoncé as the top certified artist of the 2000s, with a total of 64 certifications. Her songs "Crazy in Love", "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)", "Halo", and "Irreplaceable" are some of the best-selling singles of all time worldwide. In 2009, The Observer named her the Artist of the Decade and Billboard named her the Top Female Artist and Top Radio Songs Artist of the Decade. In 2010, Billboard named her in their "Top 50 R&B/Hip-Hop Artists of the Past 25 Years" list at number 15. In 2012 VH1 ranked her third on their list of the "100 Greatest Women in Music". Beyoncé was the first female artist to be honored with the International Artist Award at the American Music Awards. She has also received the Legend Award at the 2008 World Music Awards and the Billboard Millennium Award at the 2011 Billboard Music Awards.', ' Beyoncé has received numerous awards. As a solo artist, she has sold over 15 million albums in the United States and over 118 million records worldwide (an additional 60 million with Destiny\'s Child), making her one of the best-selling musical artists of all time. The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) ranked her as the top certified artist of the 2000s, with a total of 64 certifications. Her songs "Crazy in Love," "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)," "Halo," and "Irreplaceable" are among the best-selling singles of all time worldwide. In 2009, The Observer named her Artist of the Decade and Billboard named her the top female artist and top radio song artist of the Decade. In 2010, Billboard named her in their list of the "50 Best R&B/Hip-Hop Artists of the Past 25 Years" at the 15th place. In 2012, VH1 ranked her third on their list of the "100 Greatest Women in Music." Beyoncé was the first female artist to receive the International Artist Award at the American Music Awards. She also received the Legend Award at the World Music Awards 2008 and the Millennium Award at the Billboard Music Awards 2011.', 0.99885774, 1)
('The city is represented in the National Football League by the New York Giants and the New York Jets, although both teams play their home games at MetLife Stadium in nearby East Rutherford, New Jersey, which hosted Super Bowl XLVIII in 2014.', ' The city is represented in the National Football League by the New York Giants and the New York Jets, although both teams play their home games at the MetLife Stadium located in East Rutherford, New Jersey, which hosted the Super Bowl XLVIII in 2014.', 0.99900794, 1)
('Waitz defined anthropology as "the science of the nature of man". By nature he meant matter animated by "the Divine breath"; i.e., he was an animist. Following Broca\'s lead, Waitz points out that anthropology is a new field, which would gather material from other fields, but would differ from them in the use of comparative anatomy, physiology, and psychology to differentiate man from "the animals nearest to him". He stresses that the data of comparison must be empirical, gathered by experimentation. The history of civilization as well as ethnology are to be brought into the comparison. It is to be presumed fundamentally that the species, man, is a unity, and that "the same laws of thought are applicable to all men".', ' Waitz defined anthropology as "the science of the nature of man." By nature, he meant matter animated by "the Divine breath"; i.e., he was an animist. Following Broca\'s lead, Waitz emphasizes that anthropology is a new field, which would gather material from other fields, but would differ from them in the use of comparative anatomy, physiology, and psychology to differentiate man from "the animals nearest to him." He stresses that the data of comparison must be empirical, gathered by experimentation. The history of civilization as well as ethnology are to be brought into the comparison. It is to be presumed fundamentally that the species, man, is a unity, and that "the same laws of thought are applicable to all men."', 0.9991741, 1)
('Throughout its history, the city has been a major port of entry for immigrants into the United States; more than 12 million European immigrants were received at Ellis Island between 1892 and 1924. The term "melting pot" was first coined to describe densely populated immigrant neighborhoods on the Lower East Side. By 1900, Germans constituted the largest immigrant group, followed by the Irish, Jews, and Italians. In 1940, whites represented 92% of the city\'s population.', ' Throughout its history, the city has been a major port of entry for immigrants into the United States; over 12 million European immigrants were received at Ellis Island between 1892 and 1924. The term "melting pot" was first coined to describe densely populated immigrant neighborhoods on the Lower East Side. By 1900, Germans were the largest immigrant group, followed by the Irish, Jews, and Italians. In 1940, whites represented 92% of the city\'s population.', 0.9992068, 1)
('Several prominent American literary figures lived in New York during the 1830s and 1840s, including William Cullen Bryant, Washington Irving, Herman Melville, Rufus Wilmot Griswold, John Keese, Nathaniel Parker Willis, and Edgar Allan Poe. Public-minded members of the contemporaneous business elite lobbied for the establishment of Central Park, which in 1857 became the first landscaped park in an American city.', ' Several prominent American literary figures lived in New York during the 1830s and 1840s, including William Cullen Bryant, Washington Irving, Herman Melville, Rufus Wilmot Griswold, John Keese, Nathaniel Parker Willis, and Edgar Allan Poe. Public-minded members of the contemporary business elite lobbied for the establishment of Central Park, which in 1857 became the first landscaped park in an American city.', 0.9993298, 1)
("Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne. The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish. The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history. Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships. The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song.", " Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, particularly under the guidance of legendary coach Knute Rockne. The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are collectively known as the Fighting Irish. The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame, and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Notre Dame is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history. Other ND teams, primarily in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships. The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song.", 0.99937826, 1)
("In 1738, Sebastião José de Carvalho e Melo, 1st Marquis of Pombal, began a diplomatic career as the Portuguese Ambassador in London and later in Vienna. The Queen consort of Portugal, Archduchess Maria Anne Josefa of Austria, was fond of Melo; and after his first wife died, she arranged the widowed de Melo's second marriage to the daughter of the Austrian Field Marshal Leopold Josef, Count von Daun. King John V of Portugal, however, was not pleased and recalled Melo to Portugal in 1749. John V died the following year and his son, Joseph I of Portugal, was crowned. In contrast to his father, Joseph I was fond of de Melo, and with the Queen Mother's approval, he appointed Melo as Minister of Foreign Affairs.", " In 1738, Sebastião José de Carvalho e Melo, 1st Marquis of Pombal, began a diplomatic career as the Portuguese Ambassador in London and later in Vienna. The Queen consort of Portugal, Archduchess Marie-Anne Joséfa of Austria, was fond of Melo; and after his first wife died, she arranged the second marriage of the widowed Melo to the daughter of the Austrian Field Marshal Leopold Josef, Count Daun. King John V of Portugal, however, was not pleased and recalled Melo to Portugal in 1749. John V died the following year and his son, Joseph I of Portugal, was crowned. In contrast to his father, Joseph I was fond of Melo, and with the Queen Mother's approval, he appointed Melo as Minister of Foreign Affairs.", 0.9994776, 1)
("The television industry developed in New York and is a significant employer in the city's economy. The three major American broadcast networks are all headquartered in New York: ABC, CBS, and NBC. Many cable networks are based in the city as well, including MTV, Fox News, HBO, Showtime, Bravo, Food Network, AMC, and Comedy Central. The City of New York operates a public broadcast service, NYCTV, that has produced several original Emmy Award-winning shows covering music and culture in city neighborhoods and city government.", " The television industry developed in New York and is a significant employer in the city's economy. The three major American broadcast networks are all headquartered in New York: ABC, CBS, and NBC. Many cable networks are based in the city as well, including MTV, Fox News, HBO, Showtime, Bravo, Food Network, AMC and Comedy Central. The City of New York operates a public broadcast service, NYCTV, which has produced several original Emmy Award-winning shows covering music and culture in city neighborhoods and city government.", 0.9998346, 1)
("The total solar energy absorbed by Earth's atmosphere, oceans and land masses is approximately 3,850,000 exajoules (EJ) per year. In 2002, this was more energy in one hour than the world used in one year. Photosynthesis captures approximately 3,000 EJ per year in biomass. The amount of solar energy reaching the surface of the planet is so vast that in one year it is about twice as much as will ever be obtained from all of the Earth's non-renewable resources of coal, oil, natural gas, and mined uranium combined,", " The total solar energy absorbed by Earth's atmosphere, oceans and land masses is approximately 3,850,000 exajoules (EJ) per year. In 2002, this was more energy in one hour than the world used in one year. Photosynthesis captures approximately 3,000 EJ per year in biomass. The amount of solar energy reaching the surface of the planet is so vast that in one year it is about twice as much as will ever be obtained from all of the Earth's non-renewable resources of coal, oil, natural gas, and mined uranium combined, .", 0.99995375, 1)
('On January 7, 2012, Beyoncé gave birth to a daughter, Blue Ivy Carter, at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York under heavy security. Two days later, Jay Z released "Glory", a song dedicated to their child, on his website Lifeandtimes.com. The song detailed the couple\'s pregnancy struggles, including a miscarriage Beyoncé suffered before becoming pregnant with Blue Ivy. Blue Ivy\'s cries are included at the end of the song, and she was officially credited as "B.I.C." on it. At two days old, she became the youngest person ever to appear on a Billboard chart when "Glory" debuted on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.', ' On January 7, 2012, Beyoncé gave birth to a daughter, Blue Ivy Carter, at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York under heavy security. Two days later, Jay Z released "Glory," a song dedicated to their child, on his website Lifeandtimes.com. The song detailed the couple\'s pregnancy struggles, including a miscarriage Beyoncé suffered before becoming pregnant with Blue Ivy. Blue Ivy\'s cries are included at the end of the song, and she was officially credited as "B.I.C." on it. At two days old, she became the youngest person ever to appear on a Billboard chart when "Glory" debuted on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.', 0.9999659, 1)
('The most well-known hospital in the HHC system is Bellevue Hospital, the oldest public hospital in the United States. Bellevue is the designated hospital for treatment of the President of the United States and other world leaders if they become sick or injured while in New York City. The president of HHC is Ramanathan Raju, MD, a surgeon and former CEO of the Cook County health system in Illinois.', ' The most well-known hospital in the HHC system is Bellevue Hospital, the oldest public hospital in the United States. Bellevue is the designated hospital for treatment of the President of the United States and other world leaders if they become sick or injured while in New York City. The president of HHC is Ramanathan Raju, MD, a surgeon and former CEO of the Cook County health system in Illinois.', 0.99999994, 1)
('In 1898, the modern City of New York was formed with the consolidation of Brooklyn (until then a separate city), the County of New York (which then included parts of the Bronx), the County of Richmond, and the western portion of the County of Queens. The opening of the subway in 1904, first built as separate private systems, helped bind the new city together. Throughout the first half of the 20th century, the city became a world center for industry, commerce, and communication.', ' In 1898, the modern City of New York was formed with the consolidation of Brooklyn (until then a separate city), the County of New York (which then included parts of the Bronx), the County of Richmond, and the western portion of the County of Queens. The opening of the subway in 1904, first built as separate private systems, helped bind the new city together. Throughout the first half of the 20th century, the city became a world center for industry, commerce, and communication.', 1.0, 1)
