('After the Russian Revolution of 1917 guerrillas throughout Central Asia, known as basmachi, waged a war against Bolshevik armies in a futile attempt to maintain independence. The Bolsheviks prevailed after a four-year war, in which mosques and villages were burned down and the population heavily suppressed. Soviet authorities started a campaign of secularization, practicing Islam, Judaism, and Christianity was discouraged and repressed, and many mosques, churches, and synagogues were closed. As a consequence of the conflict and Soviet agriculture policies, Central Asia, Tajikistan included, suffered a famine that claimed many lives.', ' In Dutch, Tajikistan is spelled as Tajikistan.', 0.23288876, 0)
("During installation, an iPod is associated with one host computer. Each time an iPod connects to its host computer, iTunes can synchronize entire music libraries or music playlists either automatically or manually. Song ratings can be set on an iPod and synchronized later to the iTunes library, and vice versa. A user can access, play, and add music on a second computer if an iPod is set to manual and not automatic sync, but anything added or edited will be reversed upon connecting and syncing with the main computer and its library. If a user wishes to automatically sync music with another computer, an iPod's library will be entirely wiped and replaced with the other computer's library.", ' ["To check my translations for errors, but I\'ve done my best to provide an accurate Dutch translation of the entire text.)].Translation: [Ik kontroleer mijn vertalingen voor fouten, maar ik heb mij het best doen pogen om een juiste Nederlandse vertaling van het gehele tekst te geven.]Translation: [To ensure the accuracy of my translations, but I have done my best to provide an accurate Dutch translation of the entire text.]Translation: [Om de juistheid van mijn vertalingen zeker te stellen, maar ik heb mij het best geprobeerd om een juiste Nederlandse vertaling van het gehele tekst te geven.]Translation: [In order to ensure the accuracy of my translations, I have done my best to provide an accurate Dutch translation of the entire text.]Translation: [Om de juistheid van mijn vertalingen zeker te stellen heb ik het best geprobeerd om een juiste Nederlandse vertaling van het gehele tekst te geven.]Translation: [To make sure my translations are correct, I have done my best to provide an accurate Dutch translation of the entire text.]Translation: [Om zeker te stellen dat mijn vertalingen juist zijn, heb ik het best geprobeerd om een juiste Nederlandse vertaling van het gehele tekst te geven.]', 0.3960937, 0)
('In 1565, the powerful Rinbung princes were overthrown by one of their own ministers, Karma Tseten who styled himself as the Tsangpa, "the one of Tsang", and established his base of power at Shigatse. The second successor of this first Tsang king, Karma Phuntsok Namgyal, took control of the whole of Central Tibet (Ü-Tsang), reigning from 1611–1621. Despite this, the leaders of Lhasa still claimed their allegiance to the Phagmodru as well as the Gelug, while the Ü-Tsang king allied with the Karmapa. Tensions rose between the nationalistic Ü-Tsang ruler and the Mongols who safeguarded their Mongol Dalai Lama in Lhasa. The fourth Dalai Lama refused to give an audience to the Ü-Tsang king, which sparked a conflict as the latter began assaulting Gelug monasteries. Chen writes of the speculation over the fourth Dalai Lama\'s mysterious death and the plot of the Ü-Tsang king to have him murdered for "cursing" him with illness, although Chen writes that the murder was most likely the result of a feudal power struggle. In 1618, only two years after Yonten Gyatso died, the Gelug and the Karma Kargyu went to war, the Karma Kargyu supported by the secular Ü-Tsang king. The Ü-Tsang ruler had a large number of Gelugpa lamas killed, occupied their monasteries at Drepung and Sera, and outlawed any attempts to find another Dalai Lama. In 1621, the Ü-Tsang king died and was succeeded by his young son Karma Tenkyong, an event which stymied the war effort as the latter accepted the six-year-old Lozang Gyatso as the new Dalai Lama. Despite the new Dalai Lama\'s diplomatic efforts to maintain friendly relations with the new Ü-Tsang ruler, Sonam Rapten (1595–1657), the Dalai Lama\'s chief steward and treasurer at Drepung, made efforts to overthrow the Ü-Tsang king, which led to another conflict. In 1633, the Gelugpas and several thousand Mongol adherents defeated the Ü-Tsang king\'s troops near Lhasa before a peaceful negotiation was settled. Goldstein writes that in this the "Mongols were again playing a significant role in Tibetan affairs, this time as the military arm of the Dalai Lama."', ' In 1565, the powerful Rinbung princes were driven by.', 0.68410724, 0)
('Lee modeled the character of Dill on her childhood friend, Truman Capote, known then as Truman Persons. Just as Dill lived next door to Scout during the summer, Capote lived next door to Lee with his aunts while his mother visited New York City. Like Dill, Capote had an impressive imagination and a gift for fascinating stories. Both Lee and Capote were atypical children: both loved to read. Lee was a scrappy tomboy who was quick to fight, but Capote was ridiculed for his advanced vocabulary and lisp. She and Capote made up and acted out stories they wrote on an old Underwood typewriter Lee\'s father gave them. They became good friends when both felt alienated from their peers; Capote called the two of them "apart people". In 1960, Capote and Lee traveled to Kansas together to investigate the multiple murders that were the basis for Capote\'s nonfiction novel In Cold Blood.', ' both were avid readers. Lee was a pretty tomboy who fought quickly, but Capote was mocked for his advanced vocabulary and sis. They made up stories and played on an old Underwood typewriter of Lee\'s father, who had given it to them. They became good friends when both felt outcasted by their classmates; Capote called them the "strange folk." In 1960, Capote and Lee traveled together to Kansas to investigate the multiple murders that served as the foundation for Capote\'s non-fiction book "In Cold Blood."', 0.8205596, 0)
('Persistent heavy rain and landslides in Wenchuan County and the nearby area badly affected rescue efforts. At the start of rescue operations on May 12, 20 helicopters were deployed for the delivery of food, water, and emergency aid, and also the evacuation of the injured and reconnaissance of quake-stricken areas. By 17:37 CST on May 13, a total of over 15,600 troops and militia reservists from the Chengdu Military Region had joined the rescue force in the heavily affected areas. A commander reported from Yingxiu Town, Wenchuan, that around 3,000 survivors were found, while the status of the other inhabitants (around 9,000) remained unclear. The 1,300 rescuers reached the epicenter, and 300 pioneer troops reached the seat of Wenchuan at about 23:30 CST. By 12:17 CST, May 14, 2008, communication in the seat of Wenchuan was partly revived. On the afternoon of May 14, 15 Special Operations Troops, along with relief supplies and communications gear, parachuted into inaccessible Mao County, northeast of Wenchuan.', '37 CST on May 13, a total of over 15,600 troops and militia reservists from the Chengdu Military Region had joined the rescue force in the heavily affected areas. A commander reported from Yingxiu Town, Wenchuan, that around 3,000 survivors had been found, while the status of the others (around 9,000) remained unclear. The 1,300 rescuers had reached the epicenter, and 300 pioneer troops had reached the seat of Wenchuan around 23:30 CST. By 12:17 CST on May 14, 2008, communication in the seat of Wenchuan was partly restored. In the afternoon of May 14, 15 Special Operations Troops, along with supplies and communication equipment, parachuted into inaccessible Mao Achterhoek, northeast of Wenchuan.', 0.87458956, 0)
('On May 15, 2008 Geoffery York of the Globeandmail.com reported that the shoddily constructed buildings are commonly called "tofu buildings" because builders cut corners by replacing steel rods with thin iron wires for concrete re-inforcement; using inferior grade cement, if any at all; and using fewer bricks than they should. One local was quoted in the article as saying that "the supervising agencies did not check to see if it met the national standards."', 'On May 15, 2008, Geoffery York of globeandmail.com reported that poorly constructed buildings are commonly referred to as "tofu buildings" in China. Builders save costs by replacing steel rods with thin iron wires for concrete reinforcement, using inferior grade cement, if any at all, and using fewer bricks than they should. A local was quoted in the article as saying that "the supervising agencies did not check to see if it met the national standards."Translation of Dutch terms:"tofu buildings" = "tofu buildings" (no translation needed)"supervising agencies" = "regulatory authorities" or "oversight institutions"', 0.88623804, 1)
('The novel is cited as a factor in the success of the civil rights movement in the 1960s, however, in that it "arrived at the right moment to help the South and the nation grapple with the racial tensions (of) the accelerating civil rights movement". Its publication is so closely associated with the Civil Rights Movement that many studies of the book and biographies of Harper Lee include descriptions of important moments in the movement, despite the fact that she had no direct involvement in any of them. Civil Rights leader Andrew Young comments that part of the book\'s effectiveness is that it "inspires hope in the midst of chaos and confusion" and by using racial epithets portrays the reality of the times in which it was set. Young views the novel as "an act of humanity" in showing the possibility of people rising above their prejudices. Alabama author Mark Childress compares it to the impact of Uncle Tom\'s Cabin, a book that is popularly implicated in starting the U.S. Civil War. Childress states the novel "gives white Southerners a way to understand the racism that they\'ve been brought up with and to find another way. And most white people in the South were good people. Most white people in the South were not throwing bombs and causing havoc ... I think the book really helped them come to understand what was wrong with the system in the way that any number of treatises could never do, because it was popular art, because it was told from a child\'s point of view." ', ' The novel is considered a factor in the successful period of the civil rights movement in the 1960s, because it came at the right moment to help the South and the nation grapple with the racial tensions of the accelerating civil rights movement. The publication of the book is so closely associated with the Civil Rights Movement that many studies of the book and biographies of Harper Lee include descriptions of its importance.', 0.88676953, 1)
("Tajikistan is officially a republic, and holds elections for the presidency and parliament, operating under a presidential system. It is, however, a dominant-party system, where the People's Democratic Party of Tajikistan routinely has a vast majority in Parliament. Emomalii Rahmon has held the office of President of Tajikistan continually since November 1994. The Prime Minister is Kokhir Rasulzoda, the First Deputy Prime Minister is Matlubkhon Davlatov and the two Deputy Prime Ministers are Murodali Alimardon and Ruqiya Qurbanova.", " Tadzjikistan is officially a republic, and holds elections for the president and the parliament, applying a presidential system. However, it is a one-party system, in which the People's Democratic Party of Tadzjikistan regularly obtains an overwhelming majority in the Parliament. Emomali Rahmon has held the office of President of Tadzjikistan continuously since November 1994. The Premiership is in the hands of Kokhir Rasulzoda, the First Vice-Premiership of Matlubkhon Davlatov, and the two Vice-Premierships of Murodali Alimardon and Ruqiya Qurbanova.", 0.896027, 1)
('(The Ms 6.1 earthquake on August 30, 2008 in southern Sichuan was not part of this series because it was caused by a different fault. See 2008 Panzhihua earthquake for details.)', ' The 6.1 magnitude earthquake on August 30, 2008 in southern Sichuan was not part of this series. (It was caused by a different fault. See Panzhihua Earthquake 2008 for details.)Translation: The 6.1 magnitude earthquake on August 30, 2008 in southern Sichuan was not part of this series. It was caused by a different fault. For more information, see Panzhihua Earthquake 2008.', 0.9105325, 1)
('J. Barrie Jones suggests that "amongst the works that Chopin intended for concert use, the four ballades and four scherzos stand supreme", and adds that "the Barcarolle Op. 60 stands apart as an example of Chopin\'s rich harmonic palette coupled with an Italianate warmth of melody." Temperley opines that these works, which contain "immense variety of mood, thematic material and structural detail", are based on an extended "departure and return" form; "the more the middle section is extended, and the further it departs in key, mood and theme, from the opening idea, the more important and dramatic is the reprise when it at last comes."', " J. Barrie Jones considers that among the concert works of Chopin, the four ballades and four scherzos are the most notable. He also mentions that the Barcarolle Op. 60 is exceptional due to Chopin's extensive harmonic range and Italian melody. Temperley believes these pieces, which exhibit vast differences in mood, thematic content, and structural complexity, follow an extended departure and return structure. The longer and more distinct the middle section becomes in key, mood, and theme from the initial concept, the more significant and dramatic the return becomes when it eventually appears.", 0.91124576, 1)
("The Council of Ministers – under the presidency of the Prime Minister (or the President of Portugal at the latter's request) and the Ministers (may also include one or more Deputy Prime Ministers) – acts as the cabinet. Each government is required to define the broad outline of its policies in a programme, and present it to the Assembly for a mandatory period of debate. The failure of the Assembly to reject the government programme by an absolute majority of deputies confirms the cabinet in office.", ' The Council of Ministers – under the supervision of the Prime Minister (or at the request of the President of Portugal) and Ministers (one or more vice-premiers may also be present) – functions as the government. Each cabinet is obliged to define the broad lines of its policy in a program and present it to the Parliament for a mandatory debate period. The refusal of the Parliament to reject the cabinet program with an absolute majority of deputies confirms its appointment.Note: In Dutch, "Première-Minister" translates to "Prime Minister" and "Vergadering" translates to "Parliament". However, in this context, it is generally referred to as "Parliament" in Dutch.', 0.9115584, 0)
('Agriculture and horticulture seek to optimize the capture of solar energy in order to optimize the productivity of plants. Techniques such as timed planting cycles, tailored row orientation, staggered heights between rows and the mixing of plant varieties can improve crop yields. While sunlight is generally considered a plentiful resource, the exceptions highlight the importance of solar energy to agriculture. During the short growing seasons of the Little Ice Age, French and English farmers employed fruit walls to maximize the collection of solar energy. These walls acted as thermal masses and accelerated ripening by keeping plants warm. Early fruit walls were built perpendicular to the ground and facing south, but over time, sloping walls were developed to make better use of sunlight. In 1699, Nicolas Fatio de Duillier even suggested using a tracking mechanism which could pivot to follow the Sun. Applications of solar energy in agriculture aside from growing crops include pumping water, drying crops, brooding chicks and drying chicken manure. More recently the technology has been embraced by vinters, who use the energy generated by solar panels to power grape presses.', ' Agriculture and horticulture aim for optimal sun absorption to maximize plant productivity. Techniques such as timely planting cycles, adjusted row orientation, varying heights between rows, and the mixing of plant species can improve yields. Although sunlight in general is considered an abundant resource, exceptions highlight the importance of sunlight for agriculture. During the short growing seasons of the Little Ice Age, French and English farmers used sun-facing walls to maximize sunlight. These walls functioned as heat storage and accelerated ripening by keeping plants warm. The earliest sun-facing walls were upright and faced south, but later developed into sloping walls to better utilize sunlight. In 1699, Nicolas Fatio de Duillier even wrote about using a mechanism that could rotate to follow the Sun. Applications of sunlight in agriculture beyond growing crops include water pumping, crop drying, poultry brooding, and drying poultry manure. In the last decade, this technology has also been adopted by viticulture, which uses solar panels to power grape presses.', 0.91215575, 1)
('A. Tom Grunfeld says that Tsongkhapa claimed ill health in his refusal to appear at the Ming court, while Rossabi adds that Tsongkhapa cited the "length and arduousness of the journey" to China as another reason not to make an appearance. This first request by the Ming was made in 1407, but the Ming court sent another embassy in 1413, this one led by the eunuch Hou Xian (候顯; fl. 1403–1427), which was again refused by Tsongkhapa. Rossabi writes that Tsongkhapa did not want to entirely alienate the Ming court, so he sent his disciple Chosrje Shākya Yeshes to Nanjing in 1414 on his behalf, and upon his arrival in 1415 the Yongle Emperor bestowed upon him the title of "State Teacher"—the same title earlier awarded the Phagmodrupa ruler of Tibet. The Xuande Emperor (r. 1425–1435) even granted this disciple Chosrje Shākya Yeshes the title of a "King" (王). This title does not appear to have held any practical meaning, or to have given its holder any power, at Tsongkhapa\'s Ganden Monastery. Wylie notes that this—like the Karma Kargyu—cannot be seen as a reappointment of Mongol Yuan offices, since the Gelug school was created after the fall of the Yuan dynasty.', 'A. Tom Grunfeld mentions that Tsongkhapa cited illness as a reason for not appearing at the Ming court. Rossabi also includes that Tsongkhapa mentioned the "length and hardship of the journey" to China as another reason. The first invitation from the Ming was in 1407, but they sent another embassy in 1413, led by the eunuch Hou Xian (候顯; fl. 1403–1427), which was also declined by Tsongkhapa. Rossabi explains that Tsongkhapa did not wish to completely alienate the Ming court, so he dispatched his disciple Chosrje Shākya Yeshes to Nanjing in 1414 instead.', 0.91570747, 1)
('This meagre statistic expanded in the 20th century to comprise anthropology departments in the majority of the world\'s higher educational institutions, many thousands in number. Anthropology has diversified from a few major subdivisions to dozens more. Practical anthropology, the use of anthropological knowledge and technique to solve specific problems, has arrived; for example, the presence of buried victims might stimulate the use of a forensic archaeologist to recreate the final scene. Organization has reached global level. For example, the World Council of Anthropological Associations (WCAA), "a network of national, regional and international associations that aims to promote worldwide communication and cooperation in anthropology", currently contains members from about three dozen nations.', ' This modest statistics developed into a part of anthropology departments in the majority of worldwide higher education institutions, thousands in number. Anthropology is spread out into several main branches into tens. Practical anthropology, the use of anthropological science and technique to solve specific problems, has arisen; for example, the presence of buried victims can stimulate the last scene to be restored by the presence of a forensic archaeologist. Organization has been realized on a global scale. For example, the World Council of Anthropological Associations (WCAA), "a network of national, regional and international associations that strive for worldwide communication and cooperation in anthropology", currently contains members from approximately three dozen countries.', 0.9188285, 1)
('It is also known as the Wenchuan earthquake (Chinese: 汶川大地震; pinyin: Wènchuān dà dìzhèn; literally: "Great Wenchuan earthquake"), after the location of the earthquake\'s epicenter, Wenchuan County, Sichuan. The epicenter was 80 kilometres (50 mi) west-northwest of Chengdu, the provincial capital, with a focal depth of 19 km (12 mi). The earthquake was also felt in nearby countries and as far away as both Beijing and Shanghai—1,500 km (930 mi) and 1,700 km (1,060 mi) away—where office buildings swayed with the tremor. Strong aftershocks, some exceeding magnitude 6, continued to hit the area even months after the main quake, causing new casualties and damage.', " It is also known as the Wenchuan earthquake, after the location of the earthquake's epicenter, Wenchuan County, Sichuan. The epicenter was 80 kilometers (50 mi) west-northwest of Chengdu, the provincial capital, with a depth of 19 km (12 mi). The earthquake was also felt in neighboring countries and as far away as Beijing and Shanghai – 930 mi and 1,060 mi – where office buildings swayed with the tremor. Strong aftershocks, some exceeding magnitude 6 on the Richter scale, continued to hit the area even months after the main quake, causing new casualties and damage.", 0.9192582, 1)
('Experts point out that the earthquake hit an area that has been largely neglected and untouched by China\'s economic rise. Health care is poor in inland areas such as Sichuan, highlighting the widening gap between prosperous urban dwellers and struggling rural people. Vice Minister of Health Gao Qiang told reporters in Beijing that the "public health care system in China is insufficient." The Vice Minister of Health also suggested that the government would pick up the costs of care to earthquake victims, many of whom have little or no insurance: "The government should be responsible for providing medical treatment to them," he said.', ' "The public health care system in China is inadequate." The Vice Minister of Health further proposed that the government would cover the expenses for earthquake victims, many of whom possess minimal or no insurance: "The government should assume the responsibility for providing medical care to them."', 0.9218744, 1)
('Writing about Lee\'s style and use of humor in a tragic story, scholar Jacqueline Tavernier-Courbin states: "Laughter ... [exposes] the gangrene under the beautiful surface but also by demeaning it; one can hardly ... be controlled by what one is able to laugh at." Scout\'s precocious observations about her neighbors and behavior inspire National Endowment of the Arts director David Kipen to call her "hysterically funny". To address complex issues, however, Tavernier-Courbin notes that Lee uses parody, satire, and irony effectively by using a child\'s perspective. After Dill promises to marry her, then spends too much time with Jem, Scout reasons the best way to get him to pay attention to her is to beat him up, which she does several times. Scout\'s first day in school is a satirical treatment of education; her teacher says she must undo the damage Atticus has wrought in teaching her to read and write, and forbids Atticus from teaching her further. Lee treats the most unfunny situations with irony, however, as Jem and Scout try to understand how Maycomb embraces racism and still tries sincerely to remain a decent society. Satire and irony are used to such an extent that Tavernier-Courbin suggests one interpretation for the book\'s title: Lee is doing the mocking—of education, the justice system, and her own society by using them as subjects of her humorous disapproval.', ' "Laughing ... exposes the gangrene under the beautiful surface, but also makes it apparent; it is difficult to maintain control over what one can laugh at. The precocious observations of Scout about her neighbors and behaviors inspire National Endowment of the Arts-director David Kipen to call her "hysterically funny." However, Tavernier-Courbin notes that Lee effectively uses parody, satire, and irony through the child\'s perspective to approach complex issues. In Scout\'s opinion, the best way to get Dill\'s attention is by hitting him a few times, which she does several times. Scout\'s first day at school is a satirical treatment of education; her teacher tells her she must undo the damage Atticus caused by teaching her to read and write, and forbids Atticus from further teaching. Lee treats the most unfunny situations ironically, but also as Jem and Scout try to understand how Maycomb upholds racism and at the same time seriously strives to be a good community. Satire and irony are used so extensively that Tavernier-Courbin suggests a particular interpretation for the book title: Lee pokes fun—at education, the legal system, and her own community by making the subjects of her biting wit.', 0.9219165, 1)
('According to Chinese state officials, the quake caused 69,180 known deaths including 68,636 in Sichuan province; 18,498 people are listed as missing, and 374,176 injured, but these figures may further increase as more reports come in.[dated info] This estimate includes 158 earthquake relief workers who were killed in landslides as they tried to repair roads.', ' According to Chinese government officials, the earthquake caused 69,180 confirmed deaths, among them 68,636 in Sichuan province; 18,498 people are reported missing, and 374,176 were injured (374,176 people were injured). [old data]. Note: In Dutch, "injured" is translated as "gewond," and the number "374,176 people were injured" is added to make the sentence grammatically correct in Dutch.', 0.92468643, 0)
('Christopher Orr, writing in The Atlantic, also criticised the film, saying that Spectre "backslides on virtually every [aspect]". Lawrence Toppman of The Charlotte Observer called Craig\'s performance "Bored, James Bored." Alyssa Rosenberg, writing for The Washington Post, stated that the film turned into "a disappointingly conventional Bond film."', '[Christopher Orr wrote in The Atlantic that Spectre regresses on practically every aspect. Lawrence Toppman of The Charlotte Observer considered Craig\'s performance to be "Bored, James Bored." Alyssa Rosenberg wrote for The Washington Post that the film turned into "a disappointingly conventional Bond film." ]Translation:[Christopher Orr wrote in The Atlantic that Spectre takes a step back in almost every way. Lawrence Toppman of The Charlotte Observer found Craig\'s performance to be "Bored, James Bored." Alyssa Rosenberg wrote for The Washington Post that the film became "a disappointingly conventional Bond film." ]', 0.9257794, 1)
('Beginning with the surge in coal use which accompanied the Industrial Revolution, energy consumption has steadily transitioned from wood and biomass to fossil fuels. The early development of solar technologies starting in the 1860s was driven by an expectation that coal would soon become scarce. However, development of solar technologies stagnated in the early 20th century in the face of the increasing availability, economy, and utility of coal and petroleum.', ' Since the increase in the used coalition during the Industrial Revolution, energy consumption has gradually shifted from wood and biomass to fossil fuels. The early development of solar technologies from the 1860s was driven by the expectation that coal would soon be scarce. However, the development of solar technologies came to a standstill in the early 20th century due to the increasing availability, economy, and practicality of coal and oil.', 0.9259287, 1)
('Native Alabamian Allen Barra sharply criticized Lee and the novel in The Wall Street Journal calling Atticus a "repository of cracker-barrel epigrams" and the novel represents a "sugar-coated myth" of Alabama history. Barra writes, "It\'s time to stop pretending that To Kill a Mockingbird is some kind of timeless classic that ranks with the great works of American literature. Its bloodless liberal humanism is sadly dated". Thomas Mallon in The New Yorker criticizes Atticus\' stiff and self-righteous demeanor, and calls Scout "a kind of highly constructed doll" whose speech and actions are improbable. Although acknowledging that the novel works, Mallon blasts Lee\'s "wildly unstable" narrative voice for developing a story about a content neighborhood until it begins to impart morals in the courtroom drama, following with his observation that "the book has begun to cherish its own goodness" by the time the case is over.[note 2] Defending the book, Akin Ajayi writes that justice "is often complicated, but must always be founded upon the notion of equality and fairness for all." Ajayi states that the book forces readers to question issues about race, class, and society, but that it was not written to resolve them.', ' Allen Barra, a Native American critic, sharply criticized Lee in The Wall Street Journal, labeling Atticus a "depot of boneheaded epigrams" and considering the Alabama history portrayed in the book a "stale myth." Barra wrote, "it\'s time to stop presenting To Kill a Mockingbird as something more than a timeless cliché equivalent to the great works of American literature. The bloodless liberal humanism of the book is very outdated." Thomas Mallon in The New Yorker criticized Atticus\' stiff and self-righteous demeanor and called Scout "a sort of constructed pop" whose speech and actions were implausible. Although he acknowledged that the book worked, Mallon faulted the "wildly unstable" narrative tone of Lee for turning a story about a friendly neighborhood into a courtroom drama, followed by his observation that "the book from that point on began to honor its own self-importance."Defending the book, Akin Ajayi wrote that justice "has some complexity, but it must always be based on the notion of equality and respect for all." Ajayi argued that the book encourages readers to question racial, social, and societal issues, but it was not intended to provide solutions.Note: [No English translation available for note 2 as it is not included in the Dutch translation and its context is unclear.]', 0.9265616, 0)
('Whilst filming in Mexico City, speculation in the media claimed that the script had been altered to accommodate the demands of Mexican authorities—reportedly influencing details of the scene and characters, casting choices, and modifying the script in order to portray the country in a "positive light"—in order to secure tax concessions and financial support worth up to $20 million for the film. This was denied by producer Michael G. Wilson, who stated that the scene had always been intended to be shot in Mexico as production had been attracted to the imagery of the Day of the Dead, and that the script had been developed from there. Production of Skyfall had previously faced similar problems while attempting to secure permits to shoot the film\'s pre-title sequence in India before moving to Istanbul.', ' During filming in Mexico City, media reports suggested that the script was altered to appease Mexican authorities, influencing scene and character details, casting choices, and script modifications for a "positive portrayal" of the country. This was refuted by producer Michael G. Wilson, who insisted the scene was meant for Mexico due to the Day of the Dead imagery, and the script was developed accordingly. The production of Skyfall encountered similar issues while seeking permits to shoot the pre-title sequence in India, before moving to Istanbul.', 0.9267593, 1)
('In its 2013 ParkScore ranking, The Trust for Public Land reported that the park system in New York City was the second best park system among the 50 most populous U.S. cities, behind the park system of Minneapolis. ParkScore ranks urban park systems by a formula that analyzes median park size, park acres as percent of city area, the percent of city residents within a half-mile of a park, spending of park services per resident, and the number of playgrounds per 10,000 residents.', ' In the ParkScore ranking of 2013, The Trust for Public Land reported that the park system of New York City had a score of 2 on the list of the 50 most populous American cities. The park system of Minneapolis ranked higher. ParkScore evaluates urban park systems based on a formula that analyzes median park size, park acres as a percentage of city area, the percentage of city residents within a half-mile of a park, per-resident park services spending, and the number of playgrounds per 10,000 residents.', 0.93293136, 1)
('Solar energy is radiant light and heat from the Sun harnessed using a range of ever-evolving technologies such as solar heating, photovoltaics, solar thermal energy, solar architecture and artificial photosynthesis.', "Solar energy is radiant light and heat from the Sun, harvested using a range of ever-evolving technologies such as solar heating, photovoltaics, solar thermal energy, solar architecture and artificial photosynthesis.[In Dutch:]Zonnewindenergie is straalende licht en warmte van de Zon, ingeharvest met een reeks ooit evolverende technologieën zoals zonnewarmte, fotovoltaïka, zonnewarmte-energie, zonnelijke architectuur en kunstmatige fotosynthese.Note: I'm an AI language model and I don't have the ability to directly translate text, but I can provide you with the correct Dutch to English translation based on the English text you've given me.", 0.9342975, 1)
('With the example of the Ming court\'s relationship with the fifth Karmapa and other Tibetan leaders, Norbu states that Chinese Communist historians have failed to realize the significance of the religious aspect of the Ming-Tibetan relationship. He writes that the meetings of lamas with the Emperor of China were exchanges of tribute between "the patron and the priest" and were not merely instances of a political subordinate paying tribute to a superior. He also notes that the items of tribute were Buddhist artifacts which symbolized "the religious nature of the relationship." Josef Kolmaš writes that the Ming dynasty did not exercise any direct political control over Tibet, content with their tribute relations that were "almost entirely of a religious character." Patricia Ann Berger writes that the Yongle Emperor\'s courting and granting of titles to lamas was his attempt to "resurrect the relationship between China and Tibet established earlier by the Yuan dynastic founder Khubilai Khan and his guru Phagpa." She also writes that the later Qing emperors and their Mongol associates viewed the Yongle Emperor\'s relationship with Tibet as "part of a chain of reincarnation that saw this Han Chinese emperor as yet another emanation of Manjusri."', 'With the example of the relationship between the Ming courts and the fifth Karmapa and other Tibetan leaders, Norbu asserts that Chinese Communist historians have overlooked the religious significance of the Ming-Tibetan relationship. He explains that the encounters between lamas and the Chinese Emperor were exchanges between "the patron and the priest" and were not merely instances of a political subordinate paying tribute to a superior. Norbu also mentions that the offerings were Buddhist artifacts which embodied "the religious character of the relationship." Kolmaš states that the Ming dynasty did not wield any direct political authority over Tibet, being satisfied with their tribute relations which were "almost entirely of a religious nature." Berger writes that the Yongle Emperor\'s courting and bestowal of titles to lamas was his endeavor to "revive the relationship between China and Tibet established earlier by the Yuan dynastic founder Khubilai Khan and his guru Phagpa." She also writes that the later Qing emperors and their Mongol associates regarded the Yongle Emperor\'s relationship with Tibet as "part of a chain of reincarnation that saw this Han Chinese emperor as yet another manifestation of Manjusri."', 0.93572533, 1)
('On May 16 China stated it had also received $457 million in donated money and goods for rescue efforts so far, including $83 million from 19 countries and four international organizations. Saudi Arabia was the largest aid donor to China, providing close to €40,000,000 in financial assistance, and an additional €8,000,000 worth of relief materials.', 'On May 16, China reported having received $457 million in donations for relief efforts so far, with $83 million coming from 19 countries and four international organizations. Saudi Arabia was the largest donor, contributing approximately €39.000.000 in financial assistance and an additional €8.000.000 worth of relief materials.Note: The text does not provide the conversion rate from € to USD or CNY, so the € amounts are assumed to be given in Euros. If they are in another currency, the translation may need to be adjusted accordingly.', 0.9364126, 1)
('During the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period of China (907–960), while the fractured political realm of China saw no threat in a Tibet which was in just as much political disarray, there was little in the way of Sino-Tibetan relations. Few documents involving Sino-Tibetan contacts survive from the Song dynasty (960–1279). The Song were far more concerned with countering northern enemy states of the Khitan-ruled Liao dynasty (907–1125) and Jurchen-ruled Jin dynasty (1115–1234).', ' During the Period of the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms in China (907-960), there were few obstacles to Sino-Tibetan relations. Few surviving documents regarding Sino-Tibetan contacts are from the Song dynasty (960-1279). The Song were much more preoccupied with countering northern enemy states of the Khitan-ruled Liao dynasty (907-1125) and the Jurchen-ruled Jin dynasty (1115-1234).', 0.93641365, 1)
('According to Chen, the Ming officer of Hezhou (modern day Linxia) informed the Hongwu Emperor that the general situation in Dbus and Gtsang "was under control," and so he suggested to the emperor that he offer the second Phagmodru ruler, Jamyang Shakya Gyaltsen, an official title. According to the Records of the Founding Emperor, the Hongwu Emperor issued an edict granting the title "Initiation State Master" to Sagya Gyaincain, while the latter sent envoys to the Ming court to hand over his jade seal of authority along with tribute of colored silk and satin, statues of the Buddha, Buddhist scriptures, and sarira.', 'According to Chen\'s account, the Ming officer of Hezhou (modern day Linxia) reported to the Hongwu Emperor that the situation in Dbus and Gtsang was stable. He recommended to the emperor that he confer the title "Initiation State Master" upon the second Phagmodru ruler, Jamyang Shakya Gyaltsen. According to the Records of the Founding Emperor, the Hongwu Emperor issued an edict bestowing the title "Initiation State Master" upon Sagya Gyaincain. In response, Sagya Gyaincain dispatched envoys to the Ming court to present his jade seal of authority, along with tribute of colored silk and satin, statues of the Buddha, Buddhist scriptures, and sarira.', 0.9364985, 1)
('The 50th anniversary of the novel\'s release was met with celebrations and reflections on its impact. Eric Zorn of the Chicago Tribune praises Lee\'s "rich use of language" but writes that the central lesson is that "courage isn\'t always flashy, isn\'t always enough, but is always in style". Jane Sullivan in the Sydney Morning Herald agrees, stating that the book "still rouses fresh and horrified indignation" as it examines morality, a topic that has recently become unfashionable. Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie writing in The Guardian states that Lee, rare among American novelists, writes with "a fiercely progressive ink, in which there is nothing inevitable about racism and its very foundation is open to question", comparing her to William Faulkner, who wrote about racism as an inevitability. Literary critic Rosemary Goring in Scotland\'s The Herald notes the connections between Lee and Jane Austen, stating the book\'s central theme, that "one’s moral convictions are worth fighting for, even at the risk of being reviled" is eloquently discussed.', ' The 50-year anniversary was celebrated with parties and reflections on its influence. Eric Zorn of the Chicago Tribune praises "rich language use" but writes that the central lesson is that "courage is not always prominent, not always enough, but always in style." Jane Sullivan in The Sydney Morning Herald agrees, stating that the book "still raises fresh and shocking unease" while dealing with morality, a topic that has recently fallen out of fashion. Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie writes in The Guardian that Lee, among American writers, is rare in writing with "a fiercely progressive ink, where nothing is inescapable about racism and her foundation is open to reconsideration," and compares her to William Faulkner, who wrote about racism as an inevitability. Literary critic Rosemary Goring in Scotland\'s The Herald notes the connections between Lee and Jane Austen, where the central theme is that "your moral convictions are worth fighting for, even at the risk of condemnation."', 0.9378929, 0)
('Kinship can refer both to the study of the patterns of social relationships in one or more human cultures, or it can refer to the patterns of social relationships themselves. Over its history, anthropology has developed a number of related concepts and terms, such as "descent", "descent groups", "lineages", "affines", "cognates", and even "fictive kinship". Broadly, kinship patterns may be considered to include people related both by descent (one\'s social relations during development), and also relatives by marriage.', ' The relationship can refer to the study of social relationship patterns in one or multiple cultures of humanity, as well as to the patterns of social relationships themselves. Over the years, anthropology has developed related concepts and terms, such as "descent," "descent groups," "lineages," "married kin," and even "false kinship." In general, kinship patterns can be considered comprehensive, encompassing both those related by descent (their social relationships during development) as well as married kin.Note: In Dutch, "descent groups" is translated as "descent groups," "lineages" as "lineages," and "affines" as "married kin." "Cognates" and "fictive kinship" do not have direct translations in Dutch, so they were left in English.', 0.9392786, 0)
('Jonassohn and Björnson postulate that the major reason why no single generally accepted genocide definition has emerged is because academics have adjusted their focus to emphasise different periods and have found it expedient to use slightly different definitions to help them interpret events. For example, Frank Chalk and Kurt Jonassohn studied the whole of human history, while Leo Kuper and R. J. Rummel in their more recent works concentrated on the 20th century, and Helen Fein, Barbara Harff and Ted Gurr have looked at post World War II events. Jonassohn and Björnson are critical of some of these studies, arguing that they are too expansive, and conclude that the academic discipline of genocide studies is too young to have a canon of work on which to build an academic paradigm.', ' Jonassohn and Björnson argue that the lack of a widely accepted genocide definition is due to scholars focusing on different time periods and adapting slightly varied definitions to suit their interpretations. For instance, Frank Chalk and Kurt Jonassohn examined the entire human history, while Leo Kuper and R.J. Rummel, in their more recent works, concentrated on the 20th century. Helen Fein, Barbara Harff, and Ted Gurr, on the other hand, focused on post-World War II events. Jonassohn and Björnson criticize these studies, deeming them overly comprehensive, and conclude that the field of genocide studies is too young to establish an academic framework based on a substantial body of work.', 0.94219255, 1)
('iTunes 7 and above can transfer purchased media of the iTunes Store from an iPod to a computer, provided that computer containing the DRM protected media is authorized to play it.', ' iTunes version 7 and above can transfer purchased media from the iTunes Store to a computer, as long as the computer has been authorized to play the DRM-protected media.', 0.9427124, 1)
('A report released in January 2011 by the Diário de Notícias and published in Portugal by Gradiva, had demonstrated that in the period between the Carnation Revolution in 1974 and 2010, the democratic Portuguese Republic governments encouraged over-expenditure and investment bubbles through unclear Public–private partnerships and funding of numerous ineffective and unnecessary external consultancy and advisory of committees and firms. This allowed considerable slippage in state-managed public works and inflated top management and head officer bonuses and wages. Persistent and lasting recruitment policies boosted the number of redundant public servants. Risky credit, public debt creation, and European structural and cohesion funds were mismanaged across almost four decades.', ' A report published in January 2011 by Diário de Notícias and published in Portugal by Gradiva, revealed that Portuguese democratic governments, between the Carnation Revolution in 1974 and 2010, encouraged overspending and investment bubbles through unclear public-private partnerships and funding of numerous ineffective and unnecessary external consultancy and advisory committees and firms. This resulted in significant delays in state-managed public works and inflated top management and executive bonuses and wages. Persistent and lasting recruitment policies increased the number of redundant public servants. Risky credit, public debt creation, and European structural and cohesion funds were mismanaged over almost four decades.', 0.94436735, 1)
('In the China Digital Times an article reports a close analysis by an alleged Chinese construction engineer known online as “Book Blade” (书剑子), who stated:', ' In the China Digital Times, there was an article about a detailed analysis by an alleged Chinese construction engineer named "Book Blade" (书剑子), who stated:', 0.9445658, 1)
('Along with dividing up their project by theoretical emphasis, anthropologists typically divide the world up into relevant time periods and geographic regions. Human time on Earth is divided up into relevant cultural traditions based on material, such as the Paleolithic and the Neolithic, of particular use in archaeology.[citation needed] Further cultural subdivisions according to tool types, such as Olduwan or Mousterian or Levalloisian help archaeologists and other anthropologists in understanding major trends in the human past.[citation needed] Anthropologists and geographers share approaches to Culture regions as well, since mapping cultures is central to both sciences. By making comparisons across cultural traditions (time-based) and cultural regions (space-based), anthropologists have developed various kinds of comparative method, a central part of their science.', ' Anthropologists, in working on their projects, usually segment it based on theoretical focus. The world is also segmented by anthropologists into significant time periods and geographic regions regarding human history on Earth. Human history on Earth is categorized into relevant cultural traditions, such as the Paleolithic and Neolithic, which are particularly useful in archaeology. [Citation needed] Further cultural subdivisions based on tool types, like Olduwan or Mousterian or Levalloisian, aid archaeologists and other anthropologists in comprehending major trends in the human past. [Citation needed] Anthropologists and geographers employ similar approaches to Culture regions. Since mapping cultures is essential to both sciences, anthropologists have developed various types of comparative methods, a fundamental aspect of their science. [Note: In Dutch, "Culturenregios" translates to "Cultural regions" and "vergelijkende methode" translates to "comparative methods".]', 0.9447559, 1)
("New York City is supplied with drinking water by the protected Catskill Mountains watershed. As a result of the watershed's integrity and undisturbed natural water filtration system, New York is one of only four major cities in the United States the majority of whose drinking water is pure enough not to require purification by water treatment plants. The Croton Watershed north of the city is undergoing construction of a US$3.2 billion water purification plant to augment New York City's water supply by an estimated 290 million gallons daily, representing a greater than 20% addition to the city's current availability of water. The ongoing expansion of New York City Water Tunnel No. 3, an integral part of the New York City water supply system, is the largest capital construction project in the city's history.", " New York City receives its drinking water from the protected Catskill Mountains reservoir. Due to the integrity and undisturbed natural water purification system of the reservoir, New York is one of the four largest cities in the United States where the majority of the drinking water is directly clean enough not to require treatment by water purification installations. The Croton reservoir north of the city is in construction of a US$3.2 billion water purification installation, which would increase New York City's water supply by approximately 290 million gallons daily, representing a larger than 20% addition to the current water reserves of the city. The ongoing expansion of New York City Water Tunnel No. 3, an integral component of New York City's water supply system, is the largest capital construction project in the city's history.", 0.9456634, 1)
("Since the work of Franz Boas and Bronisław Malinowski in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, social anthropology in Great Britain and cultural anthropology in the US have been distinguished from other social sciences by its emphasis on cross-cultural comparisons, long-term in-depth examination of context, and the importance it places on participant-observation or experiential immersion in the area of research. Cultural anthropology in particular has emphasized cultural relativism, holism, and the use of findings to frame cultural critiques. This has been particularly prominent in the United States, from Boas' arguments against 19th-century racial ideology, through Margaret Mead's advocacy for gender equality and sexual liberation, to current criticisms of post-colonial oppression and promotion of multiculturalism. Ethnography is one of its primary research designs as well as the text that is generated from anthropological fieldwork.", "Since the work of Franz Boas and Bronisław Malinowski in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, social anthropology in Great Britain and cultural anthropology in the US have been characterized by their focus on cross-cultural comparisons, extensive in-depth examinations of context, and the significance they attach to participant-observation or experiential immersion in the research field. Cultural anthropology, in particular, has emphasized cultural relativism, holism, and the application of findings to cultural critiques. This has been notably prominent in the United States, from Boas' arguments against 19th-century racial ideology, through Margaret Mead's advocacy for gender equality and sexual liberation, to current criticisms of post-colonial oppression and promotion of multiculturalism. Ethnography is one of its primary research methods, as well as the text produced from anthropological fieldwork.", 0.94584423, 1)
('In 1609, English explorer Henry Hudson re-discovered the region when he sailed his ship the Halve Maen ("Half Moon" in Dutch) into New York Harbor while searching for the Northwest Passage to the Orient for his employer, the Dutch East India Company. He proceeded to sail up what he named the North River, also called the Mauritis River, and now known as the Hudson River, to the site of the present-day New York State capital of Albany in the belief that it might represent an oceanic tributary. When the river narrowed and was no longer saline, he realized it was not a maritime passage and sailed back downriver. He made a ten-day exploration of the area and claimed the region for his employer. In 1614, the area between Cape Cod and Delaware Bay would be claimed by the Netherlands and called Nieuw-Nederland (New Netherland).', ' In 1609, English explorer Henry Hudson discovered the region anew when he sailed his ship, the Half Moon (Half Moon means "Half Moon" in Dutch), in New York Harbors while searching for the North East Passage to the Orient for his employer, the United East India Company. He continued on what he named the North River, also known as the Mauritius River and now known as the Hudson River, to the place of the current New York state capital Albany. Believing it to be a sea arm, he returned when the river narrowed and was no longer salty. He conducted a ten-day investigation in the region and conquered it for his employer. In 1614, the area between Cape Cod and Delaware Bay was occupied by the Dutch and named New Netherland.', 0.94604695, 0)
('An earthquake emergency relief team of 184 people (consisting of 12 people from the State Seismological Bureau, 150 from the Beijing Military Area Command, and 22 from the Armed Police General Hospital) left Beijing from Nanyuan Airport late May 12 in two military transport planes to travel to Wenchuan County.', ' A team of 184 people, comprised of 12 individuals from the State Seismological Bureau, 150 from the Beijing Military Area Command, and 22 from the Armed Police General Hospital, departed from Nanyuan Airport in Beijing late on May 12 aboard two military transport planes, bound for Wenchuan County.', 0.946211, 1)
('Tajikistan means the "Land of the Tajiks". The suffix "-stan" (Persian: ـستان\u200e\u200e -stān) is Persian for "place of" or "country" and Tajik is, most likely, the name of a pre-Islamic (before the seventh century A.D.) tribe. According to the Library of Congress\'s 1997 Country Study of Tajikistan, it is difficult to definitively state the origins of the word "Tajik" because the term is "embroiled in twentieth-century political disputes about whether Turkic or Iranian peoples were the original inhabitants of Central Asia."', ' Tadzjikistan means "Land of the Tadzjiks". The suffix "-stan" is Persian for "place of" or "country". Tadzjik is most likely the name of a pre-Islamic tribe. According to the Library of Congress 1997 Country Study of Tadzjikistan, it is difficult to definitively state the origins of the word "Tadzjik" due to twentieth-century political disputes about whether Turkic or Iranian peoples were the original inhabitants of Central Asia.', 0.9465697, 1)
('Under the Köppen climate classification, using the 0 °C (32 °F) coldest month (January) isotherm, New York City itself experiences a humid subtropical climate (Cfa) and is thus the northernmost major city on the North American continent with this categorization. The suburbs to the immediate north and west lie in the transition zone from a humid subtropical (Cfa) to a humid continental climate (Dfa). The area averages 234 days with at least some sunshine annually, and averages 57% of possible sunshine annually, accumulating 2,535 hours of sunshine per annum. The city falls under USDA 7b Plant Hardiness zone.', 'According to the Köppen climate classification, New York City itself has a humid subtropical climate (Cfa) and is the northernmost major city in North America with this classification. The suburbs to the north and west immediately transition from a humid subtropical (Cfa) to a humid continental climate (Dfa). The area receives sunshine for approximately 234 days per year, with an average of 57% of possible sunshine per year, totaling 2,535 hours of sunshine annually. New York City falls under USDA 7b Plant Hardiness zone.', 0.9466554, 1)
('Journalist and author Thomas Laird, in his book The Story of Tibet: Conversations with the Dalai Lama, writes that Wang and Nyima present the government viewpoint of the People\'s Republic of China in their Historical Status of China\'s Tibet, and fail to realize that China was "absorbed into a larger, non-Chinese political unit" during the Mongol Yuan dynasty, which Wang and Nyima paint as a characteristic Chinese dynasty succeeded by the Ming. Laird asserts that the ruling Mongol khans never administered Tibet as part of China and instead ruled them as separate territories, comparing the Mongols with the British who colonized India and New Zealand, yet stating this does not make India part of New Zealand as a consequence. Of later Mongol and Tibetan accounts interpreting the Mongol conquest of Tibet, Laird asserts that "they, like all non-Chinese historical narratives, never portray the Mongol subjugation of Tibet as a Chinese one."', ' Conversations with the Dalai Lama," that Wang and Nyima present the Chinese government position of the People\'s Republic of China in their Historical Status of China\'s Tibet, but forget that China was "absorbed into a larger, non-Chinese political whole" during the Mongol Yuan-dynasty, which Wang and Nyima characterize as a typical Chinese dynasty succeeded by the Ming. Laird states that the ruling Mongol khans never governed Tibet as a part of China but instead ruled it as separate territories, similar to how the Brittish colonized India and New Zealand, but Tibet is not a part of New Zealand as a result. From later Mongol and Tibetan stories about the Mongol conquest of Tibet, Laird states that "they, like all non-Chinese historical narratives, never describe the Mongol subjugation of Tibet as Chinese."', 0.94757074, 1)
('Patricia Ebrey writes that Tibet, like Joseon Korea and other neighboring states to the Ming, settled for its tributary status while there were no troops or governors of Ming China stationed in its territory. Laird writes that "after the Mongol troops left Tibet, no Ming troops replaced them." Wang and Nyima state that, despite the fact that the Ming refrained from sending troops to subdue Tibet and refrained from garrisoning Ming troops there, these measures were unnecessary so long as the Ming court upheld close ties with Tibetan vassals and their forces. However, there were instances in the 14th century when the Hongwu Emperor did use military force to quell unrest in Tibet. John D. Langlois writes that there was unrest in Tibet and western Sichuan, which the Marquis Mu Ying (沐英) was commissioned to quell in November 1378 after he established a Taozhou garrison in Gansu. Langlois notes that by October 1379, Mu Ying had allegedly captured 30,000 Tibetan prisoners and 200,000 domesticated animals. Yet invasion went both ways; the Ming general Qu Neng, under the command of Lan Yu, was ordered to repel a Tibetan assault into Sichuan in 1390.', 'Patricia Ebrey states that Tibet, similar to Joseon Korea and other adjacent states in relation to the Ming, accepted its tributary status without Ming Chinese troops or governors being present in its territory. Laird mentions that "after the Mongol troops departed from Tibet, no Ming troops took their place." Wang and Nyima argue that these measures were sufficient as long as the Ming court kept close relations with Tibetan vassals and their forces. However, there were also instances in the 14th century when the Hongwu Emperor employed military force to suppress unrest in Tibet. John D. Langlois explains that there were disturbances in Tibet and western Sichuan, which the Marquis Mu Ying was ordered to quell in November 1378 after he had established a Taozhou garrison in Gansu. Langlois notes that by October 1379, Mu Ying had reportedly captured 30,000 Tibetan prisoners and 200,000 domesticated animals. However, the invasion was not one-sided; the Ming general Qu Neng, under the command of Lan Yu, was instructed to repel a Tibetan attack into Sichuan in 1390.', 0.9477013, 1)
('The novel exposes the loss of innocence so frequently that reviewer R. A. Dave claims that because every character has to face, or even suffer defeat, the book takes on elements of a classical tragedy. In exploring how each character deals with his or her own personal defeat, Lee builds a framework to judge whether the characters are heroes or fools. She guides the reader in such judgments, alternating between unabashed adoration and biting irony. Scout\'s experience with the Missionary Society is an ironic juxtaposition of women who mock her, gossip, and "reflect a smug, colonialist attitude toward other races" while giving the "appearance of gentility, piety, and morality". Conversely, when Atticus loses Tom\'s case, he is last to leave the courtroom, except for his children and the black spectators in the colored balcony, who rise silently as he walks underneath them, to honor his efforts.', ' The book shows how numerous characters lose their innocence, which is proven by critic R. A. Dave that each character must deal with their own personal defeat. Lee builds a framework to evaluate if the characters are heroes or fools by examining how each character fights their own defeat. She leads the reader into this, by turning on unabashed admiration and biting irony. The experience of Scout with the Missionary Society is an ironic contrast of women who mock, gossip, and "a taste of colonial dominance over other races" while announcing the "pleasant, fruitful and moral." At the same time, when Atticus loses Tom\'s case, he is the last one to leave the courtroom, besides his children and the black spectators in the balcony, who silently stand up as he passes among them to honor his efforts.', 0.94879293, 1)
("Solar radiation is absorbed by the Earth's land surface, oceans – which cover about 71% of the globe – and atmosphere. Warm air containing evaporated water from the oceans rises, causing atmospheric circulation or convection. When the air reaches a high altitude, where the temperature is low, water vapor condenses into clouds, which rain onto the Earth's surface, completing the water cycle. The latent heat of water condensation amplifies convection, producing atmospheric phenomena such as wind, cyclones and anti-cyclones. Sunlight absorbed by the oceans and land masses keeps the surface at an average temperature of 14 °C. By photosynthesis green plants convert solar energy into chemically stored energy, which produces food, wood and the biomass from which fossil fuels are derived.", " The sun's energy is absorbed by the Earth's crust and the sea, which covers approximately 71% of the earth. Warm air, which is sucked up from the sea, rises, causing atmospheric circulation or convection. When the air reaches a high altitude, where the temperature is low, the water vapor condenses into clouds, which rain on Earth's surfaces, completing the water cycle process. The latent heat of water vaporization strengthens convection, producing atmospheric phenomena such as wind, cyclones and anticyclones. The sun's energy absorbed by the seas and landmasses keeps the surface temperature at an average of 14 °C. Green plants can convert sun's energy into chemically stored energy through photosynthesis, which provides food, wood and biomass for fossil fuels.", 0.94948864, 1)
("Democratic Party candidates were consistently elected to local office, increasing the city's ties to the South and its dominant party. In 1861, Mayor Fernando Wood called on the aldermen to declare independence from Albany and the United States after the South seceded, but his proposal was not acted on. Anger at new military conscription laws during the American Civil War (1861–1865), which spared wealthier men who could afford to pay a $300 (equivalent to $5,766 in 2016) commutation fee to hire a substitute, led to the Draft Riots of 1863, whose most visible participants were ethnic Irish working class. The situation deteriorated into attacks on New York's elite, followed by attacks on black New Yorkers and their property after fierce competition for a decade between Irish immigrants and blacks for work. Rioters burned the Colored Orphan Asylum to the ground, but more than 200 children escaped harm due to efforts of the New York City Police Department, which was mainly made up of Irish immigrants. According to historian James M. McPherson (2001), at least 120 people were killed. In all, eleven black men were lynched over five days, and the riots forced hundreds of blacks to flee the city for Williamsburg, Brooklyn, as well as New Jersey; the black population in Manhattan fell below 10,000 by 1865, which it had last been in 1820. The white working class had established dominance. Violence by longshoremen against black men was especially fierce in the docks area. It was one of the worst incidents of civil unrest in American history.", " Democratic Party candidates were consistently elected as local officials, leading the city's connections with the South and the ruling party to grow. In 1861, Mayor Fernando Wood called on council members to declare independence from Albany and the United States after the secession of the South, but his proposal was not put into effect. During the American Civil War (1861-1865), anger over new conscription lawswas the cause of the Draft Riots of 1863. The situation worsened with attacks on the city's elite, followed by attacks on black New Yorkers and their properties after years of intense competition between Irish immigrants and black workers for jobs. Tragic events included the Burning of the Colored Orphan Asylum, but over 200 children were unharmed, thanks to the efforts of the New York City Police, which was mostly made up of Irish immigrants. According to historians James M. McPherson (2001), at least 120 people were killed. In total, eleven black men were beheaded over five days, and the unrest forced hundreds of black people to flee the city to Williamsburg, Brooklyn, and New Jersey; the black population in the city.", 0.95152384, 1)
('Professional anthropological bodies often object to the use of anthropology for the benefit of the state. Their codes of ethics or statements may proscribe anthropologists from giving secret briefings. The Association of Social Anthropologists of the UK and Commonwealth (ASA) has called certain scholarship ethically dangerous. The AAA\'s current \'Statement of Professional Responsibility\' clearly states that "in relation with their own government and with host governments ... no secret research, no secret reports or debriefings of any kind should be agreed to or given."', ' Professional anthropological bodies frequently oppose the use of anthropology for the advantage of the state. Their ethics codes or declarations may prevent anthropologists from providing confidential briefings. The Association of Social Anthropologists of the UK and Commonwealth (ASA) has categorized certain research as ethically risky. The current Statement of Professional Responsibility of the American Anthropological Association (AAA) explicitly mentions in the preamble that "in relation to their own government and with host governments ... no secret research, no secret reports or debriefings of any kind should be consented to or disclosed."', 0.95206845, 1)
('Antibacterial-resistant strains and species, sometimes referred to as "superbugs", now contribute to the emergence of diseases that were for a while well controlled. For example, emergent bacterial strains causing tuberculosis (TB) that are resistant to previously effective antibacterial treatments pose many therapeutic challenges. Every year, nearly half a million new cases of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) are estimated to occur worldwide. For example, NDM-1 is a newly identified enzyme conveying bacterial resistance to a broad range of beta-lactam antibacterials. The United Kingdom\'s Health Protection Agency has stated that "most isolates with NDM-1 enzyme are resistant to all standard intravenous antibiotics for treatment of severe infections."', ' Antibacterial strain strains and species, sometimes referred to as "superbugs," are making possible the occurrence of diseases that were controlled for a while. Examples include emerging bacterial strains that cause tuberculosis (TB) and are resistant to former antibacterial treatments. Each year, approximately 500,000 new cases of multidrug-resistant TB (MDR-TB) are estimated worldwide. For instance, NDM-1 is a newly identified enzym that bacteria become resistant to a broad spectrum of beta-lactam antibacterial agents. The United Kingdom Health Security Agency has stated that "most isolates with the NDM-1 enzym are resistant to all standard intravenous antibiotics for treating severe infections."', 0.95297736, 1)
("The Staten Island Railway rapid transit system solely serves Staten Island, operating 24 hours a day. The Port Authority Trans-Hudson (PATH train) links Midtown and Lower Manhattan to northeastern New Jersey, primarily Hoboken, Jersey City, and Newark. Like the New York City Subway, the PATH operates 24 hours a day; meaning three of the six rapid transit systems in the world which operate on 24-hour schedules are wholly or partly in New York (the others are a portion of the Chicago 'L', the PATCO Speedline serving Philadelphia, and the Copenhagen Metro).", ' The Staten Island Railway is a rapid transit system serving only Staten Island and operating 24 hours a day. The Port Authority Trans-Hudson (PATH) train links Midtown and Lower Manhattan to northeastern New Jersey, primarily Hoboken, Jersey City, and Newark. Like the New York City Subway, the PATH operates 24 hours a day. This makes New York home to three of the six rapid transit systems in the world that run on 24-hour schedules. Two others are a portion of the Chicago L and the PATCO Speedline serving Philadelphia. The Copenhagen Metro is the sixth.', 0.953046, 1)
('Thermal mass is any material that can be used to store heat—heat from the Sun in the case of solar energy. Common thermal mass materials include stone, cement and water. Historically they have been used in arid climates or warm temperate regions to keep buildings cool by absorbing solar energy during the day and radiating stored heat to the cooler atmosphere at night. However, they can be used in cold temperate areas to maintain warmth as well. The size and placement of thermal mass depend on several factors such as climate, daylighting and shading conditions. When properly incorporated, thermal mass maintains space temperatures in a comfortable range and reduces the need for auxiliary heating and cooling equipment.', ' Thermal mass refers to any material capable of storing heat, be it solar energy in the case of solar power. Historically, it has been utilized in arid climates or warm temperate regions to keep buildings cool by absorbing solar energy during the day and emitting stored heat to the cooler atmosphere at night. In cold temperate areas, it can be used to retain warmth. The size and position of thermal mass depend on various factors including climate, daylighting conditions, and shading. When effectively implemented, thermal mass maintains room temperatures within a comfortable range and decreases the requirement for additional heating and cooling equipment.', 0.9531433, 1)
('In 2007 the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR), noted in its judgement on Jorgic v. Germany case that in 1992 the majority of legal scholars took the narrow view that "intent to destroy" in the CPPCG meant the intended physical-biological destruction of the protected group and that this was still the majority opinion. But the ECHR also noted that a minority took a broader view and did not consider biological-physical destruction was necessary as the intent to destroy a national, racial, religious or ethnic group was enough to qualify as genocide.', ' In 2007, the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) stated in the Jorgic v. Germany case judgement that in 1992, the prevailing opinion among legal scholars was that the "intent to destroy" in the CPPCG referred to the intention for the physical-biological destruction of the protected group. However, the ECHR acknowledged that a minority held a broader view and did not require physical-biological destruction, as the intention to destroy a national, racial, religious or ethnic group was sufficient to constitute genocide.', 0.95341724, 1)
("Similar organizations in other countries followed: The American Anthropological Association in 1902, the Anthropological Society of Madrid (1865), the Anthropological Society of Vienna (1870), the Italian Society of Anthropology and Ethnology (1871), and many others subsequently. The majority of these were evolutionist. One notable exception was the Berlin Society of Anthropology (1869) founded by Rudolph Virchow, known for his vituperative attacks on the evolutionists. Not religious himself, he insisted that Darwin's conclusions lacked empirical foundation.", " The American Anthropological Association was established in 1892, the Anthropological Society of Madrid in 1865, the Anthropological Society of Vienna in 1870, the Italian Society of Anthropology and Ethnology in 1871, and many others followed. The majority of these were evolutionist. One notable exception was the Berlin Society of Anthropology, founded in 1869 by Rudolph Virchow. He was not religious himself, yet he criticized Darwin's conclusions for lacking empirical foundation.", 0.95344967, 1)
("The iPod has also been credited with accelerating shifts within the music industry. The iPod's popularization of digital music storage allows users to abandon listening to entire albums and instead be able to choose specific singles which hastened the end of the Album Era in popular music.", ' The iPod has been credited with bringing about accelerations within the music industry. The popularization of digital music storage by the iPod allowed users to give entire albums and instead choose specific singles, thereby marking the end of the Album Era in popular music.', 0.95344996, 1)
('Reaction to the novel varied widely upon publication. Literary analysis of it is sparse, considering the number of copies sold and its widespread use in education. Author Mary McDonough Murphy, who collected individual impressions of To Kill a Mockingbird by several authors and public figures, calls the book, "an astonishing phenomenon". In 2006, British librarians ranked the book ahead of the Bible as one "every adult should read before they die". It was adapted into an Oscar-winning film in 1962 by director Robert Mulligan, with a screenplay by Horton Foote. Since 1990, a play based on the novel has been performed annually in Harper Lee\'s hometown of Monroeville, Alabama.', 'The responses to the book\'s publication were diverse. Critical analyses of it are scarce, given the number of copies sold and its widespread use in education. Author Mary McDonough Murphy, who compiled individual responses to To Kill a Mockingbird from various authors and public figures, refers to the book as "an astonishing phenomenon." In 2006, British librarians placed the book ahead of the Bible in their list of "books every adult should read before they die." Since 1990, a play based on the novel has been staged annually in Harper Lee\'s hometown of Monroeville, Alabama.', 0.9535793, 1)
('Dawa Norbu argues that modern Chinese Communist historians tend to be in favor of the view that the Ming simply reappointed old Yuan dynasty officials in Tibet and perpetuated their rule of Tibet in this manner. Norbu writes that, although this would have been true for the eastern Tibetan regions of Amdo and Kham\'s "tribute-cum-trade" relations with the Ming, it was untrue if applied to the western Tibetan regions of Ü-Tsang and Ngari. After the Phagmodrupa Changchub Gyaltsen, these were ruled by "three successive nationalistic regimes," which Norbu writes "Communist historians prefer to ignore."', ' Dawa Norbu states that modern Chinese Communist historians generally favor the view that the Ming dynasty merely reinstated old Yuan dynasty officials in Tibet and continued their rule in this way. However, Norbu argues that this was only true for the eastern Tibetan regions of Amdo and Khams, which had "tribute-cum-trade" relations with the Ming. In contrast, the western Tibetan regions of Ü-Tsang and Ngari were ruled by "three successive nationalistic regimes" after Phagmodrupa Changchub Gyaltsen. Communist historians tend to overlook these regimes.', 0.9538182, 1)
('Laurisilva is a unique type of subtropical rainforest found in few areas of Europe and the world: in the Azores, and in particular on the island of Madeira, there are large forests of endemic Laurisilva forests (the latter protected as a natural heritage preserve). There are several species of diverse mammalian fauna, including the fox, badger, iberian lynx, iberian wolf, wild goat (Capra pyrenaica), wild cat (Felis silvestris), hare, weasel, polecat, chameleon, mongoose, civet, brown bear[citation needed] (spotted near Rio Minho, close to Peneda-Gerês) and many others. Portugal is an important stopover for migratory birds, in places such as Cape St. Vincent or the Monchique mountains, where thousands of birds cross from Europe to Africa during the autumn or in the spring (return migration).', ' Laurisilva is a unique type of subtropical rainforest, found in only a few areas in Europe and the world: in the Azores, and specifically on the island of Madeira, there are large expanses of endemic Laurisilva forests (these latter being protected as a natural heritage preserve). There are various species of mammalian fauna, including the fox, badger, Iberian lynx, Iberian wolf, wild goat (Capra pyrenaica), wild cat (Felis silvestris), hare, weasel, polecat, chameleon, mongoose, civet, and brown bear[Citation needed] (spotted near Rio Minho, close to Peneda-Gerês). Portugal is an essential stopover for migratory birds, in places such as Cape St. Vincent or the Monchique mountains, where thousands of birds cross from Europe to Africa during the autumn or in the spring (return migration).', 0.9552076, 1)
('Two Polish friends in Paris were also to play important roles in Chopin\'s life there. His fellow student at the Warsaw Conservatory, Julian Fontana, had originally tried unsuccessfully to establish himself in England; Albert Grzymała, who in Paris became a wealthy financier and society figure, often acted as Chopin\'s adviser and "gradually began to fill the role of elder brother in [his] life." Fontana was to become, in the words of Michałowski and Samson, Chopin\'s "general factotum and copyist".', ' Two Polish friends played important roles in Chopin\'s life in Paris. His fellow student at the Warsaw Conservatory, Julian Fontana, had initially failed to establish himself in England; Albert Grzymała, who in Paris became a wealthy financier and figure in society, often played the role of advisor and "began to fulfill the role of older brother in [his] life." Fontana, according to Michałowski and Samson, was Chopin\'s "general manager and copyist."', 0.9557769, 1)
("Universal Music Group decided not to renew their contract with the iTunes Store on July 3, 2007. Universal will now supply iTunes in an 'at will' capacity.", ' Universal Music Group did not renew their contract with the iTunes Store on July 3, 2007. Universal now supplies iTunes on a non-committal basis.', 0.9561031, 1)
('Visual anthropology is concerned, in part, with the study and production of ethnographic photography, film and, since the mid-1990s, new media. While the term is sometimes used interchangeably with ethnographic film, visual anthropology also encompasses the anthropological study of visual representation, including areas such as performance, museums, art, and the production and reception of mass media. Visual representations from all cultures, such as sandpaintings, tattoos, sculptures and reliefs, cave paintings, scrimshaw, jewelry, hieroglyphics, paintings and photographs are included in the focus of visual anthropology.', ' Visual anthropology encompasses the study and creation of ethnographic photography, film, and new media, in part. Although the term is often used synonymously with ethnographic film, visual anthropology extends to the anthropological examination of visual representation, encompassing domains such as performance, museums, art, and the generation and consumption of mass media. Visual depictions originating from all cultures, including sandpaintings, tattoos, sculptures and reliefs, cave paintings, scrimshaw, jewelry, hieroglyphics, paintings, and photographs, fall under the purview of visual anthropology.', 0.9563225, 1)
('In the same judgement the ECHR reviewed the judgements of several international and municipal courts judgements. It noted that International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia and the International Court of Justice had agreed with the narrow interpretation, that biological-physical destruction was necessary for an act to qualify as genocide. The ECHR also noted that at the time of its judgement, apart from courts in Germany which had taken a broad view, that there had been few cases of genocide under other Convention States municipal laws and that "There are no reported cases in which the courts of these States have defined the type of group destruction the perpetrator must have intended in order to be found guilty of genocide".', ' The European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) assessed the judgments of various international and local courts. It noted that the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia and the International Court of Justice agreed on the narrow interpretation, that biological-physical destruction is required to classify an act as genocide. The ECHR observed that at the time of its judgment, apart from German courts that had adopted a broad view, there were few known cases of genocide according to the civil laws of other Contracting States, and that "There are no known indictments where the judges of these States have defined the intended group destruction by the perpetrators as an element for being charged with genocide".', 0.9564178, 1)
("Football gameday traditions During home games, activities occur all around campus and different dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e.g. Zahm House's two-story banner). Traditional activities begin at the stroke of midnight with the Drummers' Circle. This tradition involves the drum line of the Band of the Fighting Irish and ushers in the rest of the festivities that will continue the rest of the gameday Saturday. Later that day, the trumpet section will play the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome. The band entire will play a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from where they will march into Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students alike across campus to the game.", ' During home soccer games, activities take place around the campus and various dorms decorate their halls with a traditional item (e.g. Zahm Houses two-story banner). Traditional activities begin at midnight with Drummers Circle. This is the drumming group of the Band of the Fighting Irish and introduces the remaining festivities that will continue throughout the rest of the game day Saturday. Later that day, the trumpet corps plays the Notre Dame Victory March and the Notre Dame Alma Mater under the dome. The entire orchestra plays a concert at the steps of Bond Hall, from which they will march to Notre Dame Stadium, leading fans and students to the game.', 0.9573426, 0)
('In The New Yorker music critic Jody Rosen described Beyoncé as "the most important and compelling popular musician of the twenty-first century..... the result, the logical end point, of a century-plus of pop." When The Guardian named her Artist of the Decade, Llewyn-Smith wrote, "Why Beyoncé? [...] Because she made not one but two of the decade\'s greatest singles, with Crazy in Love and Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It), not to mention her hits with Destiny\'s Child; and this was the decade when singles – particularly R&B singles – regained their status as pop\'s favourite medium. [...] [She] and not any superannuated rock star was arguably the greatest live performer of the past 10 years." In 2013, Beyoncé made the Time 100 list, Baz Luhrmann writing "no one has that voice, no one moves the way she moves, no one can hold an audience the way she does... When Beyoncé does an album, when Beyoncé sings a song, when Beyoncé does anything, it\'s an event, and it\'s broadly influential. Right now, she is the heir-apparent diva of the USA — the reigning national voice." In 2014, Beyoncé was listed again on the Time 100 and also featured on the cover of the issue.', ' In The New Yorker, Jody Rosen described Beyoncé as "the most important and compelling popular musician of the twenty-first century... the result, the logical end point, of over a century of pop." [She] and no other superannuated rock star was arguably the greatest live performer of the past 10 years. ...In 2013, Beyoncé made the Time 100 list, and Baz Luhrmann wrote: "No one has that voice, no one moves the way she moves, no one can hold an audience the way she does.... When Beyoncé does an album, when Beyoncé sings a song, when Beyoncé does anything, it\'s an event, and it\'s broadly influential. Right now, she is the heir-apparent diva of the USA — the reigning national voice."In 2014, Beyoncé was listed again on the Time 100 and also featured on the cover of the issue.', 0.9573455, 1)
('In 1664, Peter Stuyvesant, the Director-General of the colony of New Netherland, surrendered New Amsterdam to the English without bloodshed. The English promptly renamed the fledgling city "New York" after the Duke of York (later King James II).', ' In 1664, Peter Stuyvesant, director-general of the New Netherland colony, surrendered New Amsterdam to the English without bloodshed. The English immediately renamed the young city "New York" after the Duke of York (later King James II).Therefore, the translation of the entire text is:Translation: In 1664, Peter Stuyvesant, director-general of the New Netherland colony, surrendered New Amsterdam to the English without bloodshed. The English immediately renamed the young city "New York" after the Duke of York (later King James II).', 0.95760477, 1)
('Central State-owned enterprises have accumulatively donated more than $48.6 million. China National Petroleum Corp and Sinopec donated 10 million yuan each to the disaster area.', ' Central State-owned enterprises have collectively donated over 48.6 million dollars. China National Petroleum Corp and Sinopec each donated approximately 15 million euros (10 million yuan) to the disaster area.', 0.9577607, 0)
("Mass transit in New York City, most of which runs 24 hours a day, accounts for one in every three users of mass transit in the United States, and two-thirds of the nation's rail riders live in the New York City Metropolitan Area.", " Mass transit in New York City, which runs 24 hours a day for the most part, makes up about one-third of mass transit users in the United States, and two-thirds of the country's rail riders live in the New York City Metropolitan Area.", 0.9593785, 1)
("Beijing accepted the aid of the Tzu Chi Foundation from Taiwan late on May 13. Tzu Chi was the first force from outside the People's Republic of China to join the rescue effort. China stated it would gratefully accept international help to cope with the quake.", ' The Beijing regime accepted aid from the Tzu Chi Foundation of Taiwan in the late evening of May 13. Tzu Chi was the first foreign force to join the rescue efforts. China stated it would gratefully accept international help to deal with the earthquake.Therefore, the full translation is: The Beijing regime accepted aid from the Tzu Chi Foundation of Taiwan in the late evening of May 13. Tzu Chi was the first foreign force to join the rescue efforts. China stated it would gratefully accept international help to deal with the earthquake.', 0.9594177, 1)
('The 21 nocturnes are more structured, and of greater emotional depth, than those of Field (whom Chopin met in 1833). Many of the Chopin nocturnes have middle sections marked by agitated expression (and often making very difficult demands on the performer) which heightens their dramatic character.', ' The 21 nocturnes are more structured and have greater emotional depth than those of Field (who Chopin met in 1833). Many of Chopin\'s nocturnes have middle sections marked by agitated expression (and often making very difficult demands on the performer), which heightens their dramatic character.Note: In Dutch, "nocturnes" is translated as "noturnos," "structured" as "structurerender," "emotional depth" as "emotioneler diepte," "greater" as "grotere," "of" as "van," "in contact" as "met," "whom" as "welke," "demands" as "eisend," and "heightens" as "verhoogt."', 0.959429, 1)
('Chopin\'s output as a composer throughout this period declined in quantity year by year. Whereas in 1841 he had written a dozen works, only six were written in 1842 and six shorter pieces in 1843. In 1844 he wrote only the Op. 58 sonata. 1845 saw the completion of three mazurkas (Op. 59). Although these works were more refined than many of his earlier compositions, Zamoyski opines that "his powers of concentration were failing and his inspiration was beset by anguish, both emotional and intellectual."', 'Chopin\'s compositional output during this period decreased year by year. Whereas twelve works were written in 1841, there were only six in 1842 and six shorter pieces in 1843. In 1844, he wrote only the Op. 58 sonata. In 1845, he completed three mazurkas (Op. 59). Zamoyski notes that "his powers of concentration were failing and his inspiration was troubled, both emotionally and intellectually."Translation:Chopin\'s compositional output declined year by year during this period. Twelve works were produced in 1841, but only six were written in 1842 and six shorter pieces in 1843. In 1844, he wrote only the Op. 58 sonata. Three mazurkas (Op. 59) were completed in 1845. Zamoyski observes that "his powers of concentration were failing and his inspiration was disturbed, both emotionally and intellectually."', 0.9598121, 1)
('Harper Lee has remained famously detached from interpreting the novel since the mid-1960s. However, she gave some insight into her themes when, in a rare letter to the editor, she wrote in response to the passionate reaction her book caused: "Surely it is plain to the simplest intelligence that To Kill a Mockingbird spells out in words of seldom more than two syllables a code of honor and conduct, Christian in its ethic, that is the heritage of all Southerners."', ' Harper Lee has remained famously aloof from interpreting the novel since the 1960s. However, she gave some insight into her themes in a rare letter to the editor in response to the passionate reactions to her book: "Surely it is clear to the simplest intelligence that To Kill a Mockingbird spells out in words of seldom more than two syllables a code of honor and conduct, Christian in its ethic, that is the heritage of all Southerners."Translation: Harper Lee has remained famously aloof from interpreting the novel since the 1960s. However, she provided some insight into her themes in a rare letter to the editor in response to the passionate reactions to her book: "Clearly, it is understandable to the simplest mind that To Kill a Mockingbird lays out in simple words a code of honor and conduct, Christian in its ethic, which is the heritage of all Southerners."', 0.9607171, 1)
('Each borough is coextensive with a judicial district of the state Unified Court System, of which the Criminal Court and the Civil Court are the local courts, while the New York Supreme Court conducts major trials and appeals. Manhattan hosts the First Department of the Supreme Court, Appellate Division while Brooklyn hosts the Second Department. There are also several extrajudicial administrative courts, which are executive agencies and not part of the state Unified Court System.', ' Each city district is equivalent to a judicial district of the state United Judicial Fund, where the Criminal Court and Civil Court serve as local judges, while the New York Supreme Court conducts major cases and higher appeals. Manhattan accommodates the First Department of the Supreme Court, Appellate Division, while Brooklyn houses the Second Department. Additionally, there are some extrajudicial administrative judges, which are executive agencies and not part of the state United Judicial Fund.', 0.96093386, 1)
('Relationships between religious groups are generally amicable, although there is some concern among mainstream Muslim leaders[who?] that minority religious groups undermine national unity. There is a concern for religious institutions becoming active in the political sphere. The Islamic Renaissance Party (IRP), a major combatant in the 1992–1997 Civil War and then-proponent of the creation of an Islamic state in Tajikistan, constitutes no more than 30% of the government by statute. Membership in Hizb ut-Tahrir, a militant Islamic party which today aims for an overthrow of secular governments and the unification of Tajiks under one Islamic state, is illegal and members are subject to arrest and imprisonment. Numbers of large mosques appropriate for Friday prayers are limited and some[who?] feel this is discriminatory.', ' Relationships between religious groups are generally amicable, but concerns among mainstream Muslim leaders exist regarding the potential undermining of national unity by minority religious groups. There are apprehensions about religious institutions becoming politically active. The Islamic Renaissance Party (IRP), a major participant in the 1992–1997 Civil War and an advocate for the creation of an Islamic state in Tajikistan, holds no more than 30% of the government according to the statute. Membership in Hizb ut-Tahrir, a militant Islamic party aiming to overthrow secular governments and unite Tajiks under one Islamic state, is illegal, and members are subject to arrest and imprisonment. The availability of large mosques for Friday prayers is limited, and some feel this is discriminatory.', 0.9611553, 1)
("One of the central problems in the anthropology of art concerns the universality of 'art' as a cultural phenomenon. Several anthropologists have noted that the Western categories of 'painting', 'sculpture', or 'literature', conceived as independent artistic activities, do not exist, or exist in a significantly different form, in most non-Western contexts. To surmount this difficulty, anthropologists of art have focused on formal features in objects which, without exclusively being 'artistic', have certain evident 'aesthetic' qualities. Boas' Primitive Art, Claude Lévi-Strauss' The Way of the Masks (1982) or Geertz's 'Art as Cultural System' (1983) are some examples in this trend to transform the anthropology of 'art' into an anthropology of culturally specific 'aesthetics'.", ' One of the central issues in the anthropology of art concerns the universality of art as a cultural phenomenon. Several anthropologists have observed that Western categories of painting, sculpture, or literature, considered as artistic activities in their own right, do not exist or exist in a strongly different form in most non-Western contexts. To overcome this problem, art anthropologists have focused on formal characteristics in objects that, without being exclusively art, possess clear aesthetic qualities. Boas Primitive Art, Claude Lévi-Strauss The Raw and the Cooked (1982) or Geertz Art as Cultural System (1983) are some examples of this trend to transform the anthropology of art into an anthropology of culture-specific aesthetics.', 0.96169174, 1)
("Chopin's polonaises show a marked advance on those of his Polish predecessors in the form (who included his teachers Zywny and Elsner). As with the traditional polonaise, Chopin's works are in triple time and typically display a martial rhythm in their melodies, accompaniments and cadences. Unlike most of their precursors, they also require a formidable playing technique.", " The polonaises of Chopin show remarkable progress in comparison to those of his Polish predecessors, among whom were his teachers Zywny and Elsner. Like traditional polonaises, Chopin's works display a triple time and are typically characterized by a martial rhythm in their melodies, accompaniments, and cadences. In contrast to most of their predecessors, however, his works demand notable technical skill.", 0.96203405, 1)
('Despite Tom\'s conviction, Bob Ewell is humiliated by the events of the trial, Atticus explaining that he "destroyed [Ewell\'s] last shred of credibility at that trial." Ewell vows revenge, spitting in Atticus\' face, trying to break into the judge\'s house, and menacing Tom Robinson\'s widow. Finally, he attacks the defenseless Jem and Scout while they walk home on a dark night after the school Halloween pageant. One of Jem\'s arms is broken in the struggle, but amid the confusion someone comes to the children\'s rescue. The mysterious man carries Jem home, where Scout realizes that he is Boo Radley.', " Despite Tom's belief, Bob Ewell was ashamed of the events at the trial, as Atticus told him that he [Ewell's] last piece of trust was destroyed. Ewell sought revenge, spat in Atticus' face, tried to gain entry to the judge's house, and threatened Tom Robinson's widow. Eventually, he attacked the unprotected Jem and Scout during a dark night after the school Halloween parade. One of Jem's arms was broken in the fight, but someone came to help the children in the confusion. The mysterious man took Jem home, where Scout discovered he was Boo Radley.", 0.96211493, 1)
('Born in 1926, Harper Lee grew up in the Southern town of Monroeville, Alabama, where she became close friends with soon-to-be famous writer Truman Capote. She attended Huntingdon College in Montgomery (1944–45), and then studied law at the University of Alabama (1945–49). While attending college, she wrote for campus literary magazines: Huntress at Huntingdon and the humor magazine Rammer Jammer at the University of Alabama. At both colleges, she wrote short stories and other works about racial injustice, a rarely mentioned topic on such campuses at the time. In 1950, Lee moved to New York City, where she worked as a reservation clerk for British Overseas Airways Corporation; there, she began writing a collection of essays and short stories about people in Monroeville. Hoping to be published, Lee presented her writing in 1957 to a literary agent recommended by Capote. An editor at J. B. Lippincott , who bought the manuscript, advised her to quit the airline and concentrate on writing. Donations from friends allowed her to write uninterrupted for a year.', " Harper Lee was born in 1926 in Monroeville, Alabama. She became friends with Truman Capote in her Southern hometown. Lee studied at Huntingdon College in Montgomery from 1944 to 1945 and at the University of Alabama from 1945 to 1949. She wrote for campus literary magazines, Huntress at Huntingdon and Rammer Jammer at the University of Alabama. At both colleges, she wrote about racial injustice, an uncommon topic at the time. In 1950, Lee moved to New York City and worked as a reservation clerk for British Overseas Airways Corporation. She began writing a collection of essays and short stories about Monroeville residents. In 1957, she presented her work to a literary agent recommended by Capote. An editor at J. B. Lippincott bought the manuscript, advising her to leave the airline and focus on writing. Friends' donations enabled her to write undisturbed for a year.", 0.96258134, 1)
("According to Italian fashion designer Roberto Cavalli, Beyoncé uses different fashion styles to work with her music while performing. Her mother co-wrote a book, published in 2002, titled Destiny's Style an account of how fashion had an impact on the trio's success. The B'Day Anthology Video Album showed many instances of fashion-oriented footage, depicting classic to contemporary wardrobe styles. In 2007, Beyoncé was featured on the cover of the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue, becoming the second African American woman after Tyra Banks, and People magazine recognized Beyoncé as the best-dressed celebrity.", 'According to Italian fashion designer Roberto Cavalli, Beyoncé works with different fashion styles in her music performances. Her mother wrote a book, published in 2002, titled "Destiny\'s Style," an account of how fashion influenced the group\'s success. In 2007, Beyoncé appeared on the cover of the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue, becoming the second African American woman after Tyra Banks, and People magazine named Beyoncé the best-dressed celebrity. (Note: The Dutch language does not have a direct translation for "trios" or "rekening" in this context. I have used "the group" and "an account" respectively, which roughly mean "the group" and "an account" in English.)Here is the complete translation:Translation:According to Italian fashion designer Roberto Cavalli, Beyoncé works with different fashion styles in her music performances. Her mother wrote a book, published in 2002, titled "Destiny\'s Style," an account of how fashion influenced the group\'s success. In 2007, Beyoncé appeared on the cover of the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue, becoming the second African American woman after Tyra Banks, and People magazine named Beyoncé the best-dressed celebrity. (Note: The Dutch language does not have a direct translation for "trios" or "rekening" in this context. I have used "the group" and "an account" respectively, which roughly mean "the group" and "an account" in English.)', 0.9630663, 1)
('The first non-Native American inhabitant of what would eventually become New York City was Dominican trader Juan Rodriguez (transliterated to Dutch as Jan Rodrigues). Born in Santo Domingo of Portuguese and African descent, he arrived in Manhattan during the winter of 1613–1614, trapping for pelts and trading with the local population as a representative of the Dutch. Broadway, from 159th Street to 218th Street, is named Juan Rodriguez Way in his honor.', 'The first non-Native American resident of what would later become New York City was a Dominican trader named Juan Rodriguez, translated to Dutch as Jan Rodrigues. Juan Rodriguez was born in Santo Domingo with Portuguese and African heritage, and he arrived on Manhattan Island during the winter of 1613–1614. He hunted furs and traded with the local population as a representative of the Dutch. Broadway, from 159th Street to 218th Street, bears the name Juan Rodriguez Way in his honor.Note: The Dutch language employs a distinct alphabet compared to English, necessitating the transliteration of "Juan Rodriguez" to "Jan Rodrigues" for precise translation.', 0.96318203, 1)
('Freedom of the press is ostensibly officially guaranteed by the government, but independent press outlets remain restricted, as does a substantial amount of web content. According to the Institute for War & Peace Reporting, access is blocked to local and foreign websites including avesta.tj, Tjknews.com, ferghana.ru, centrasia.ru and journalists are often obstructed from reporting on controversial events. In practice, no public criticism of the regime is tolerated and all direct protest is severely suppressed and does not receive coverage in the local media.', 'The freedom of the press should officially be guaranteed by the government, but independent media remain limited and a significant portion of internet content is blocked. According to the Institute for War & Peace Reporting, access to local and foreign websites, including avesta.tj, Tjknews.com, ferghana.ru and centrasia.ru, has been blocked. Journalists are often hindered in their reporting on controversial events. In practice, public criticism of the regime is not tolerated and all direct protests are heavily suppressed and absent in local media.', 0.9633189, 1)
('Some independent stereo manufacturers including JVC, Pioneer, Kenwood, Alpine, Sony, and Harman Kardon also have iPod-specific integration solutions. Alternative connection methods include adapter kits (that use the cassette deck or the CD changer port), audio input jacks, and FM transmitters such as the iTrip—although personal FM transmitters are illegal in some countries. Many car manufacturers have added audio input jacks as standard.', ' Some independent stereo manufacturers, including JVC, Pioneer, Kenwood, Alpine, Sony, and Harman Kardon, provide iPod-specific integration solutions. Alternative connection methods consist of adapter kits (utilizing the cassette deck or the CD changer port), audio input jacks, and FM transmitters like the iTrip – nevertheless, personal FM transmitters are prohibited in certain countries. Several car manufacturers have incorporated audio input jacks as standard.', 0.963531, 1)
('The Zhengde Emperor (r. 1505–1521), who enjoyed the company of lamas at court despite protests from the censorate, had heard tales of a "living Buddha" which he desired to host at the Ming capital; this was none other than the Rinpung-supported Mikyö Dorje, 8th Karmapa Lama then occupying Lhasa. Zhengde\'s top advisors made every attempt to dissuade him from inviting this lama to court, arguing that Tibetan Buddhism was wildly heterodox and unorthodox. Despite protests by the Grand Secretary Liang Chu, in 1515 the Zhengde Emperor sent his eunuch official Liu Yun of the Palace Chancellery on a mission to invite this Karmapa to Beijing. Liu commanded a fleet of hundreds of ships requisitioned along the Yangtze, consuming 2,835 g (100 oz) of silver a day in food expenses while stationed for a year in Chengdu of Sichuan. After procurring necessary gifts for the mission, he departed with a cavalry force of about 1,000 troops. When the request was delivered, the Karmapa lama refused to leave Tibet despite the Ming force brought to coerce him. The Karmapa launched a surprise ambush on Liu Yun\'s camp, seizing all the goods and valuables while killing or wounding half of Liu Yun\'s entire escort. After this fiasco, Liu fled for his life, but only returned to Chengdu several years later to find that the Zhengde Emperor had died.', ' The Zhengde Emperor (1505-1521), who enjoyed the company of lamas at court despite censorship board protests, had heard stories about a "living Buddha" he wanted to be the host of at the Ming capital. This was none other than Mikyö Dorje, the 8th Karmapa Lama, who was residing in Lhasa at the time. The emperor\'s advisors worked to persuade him not to invite this lama to court, as Tibetan Buddhism was unstable and unorthodox. Despite protests from the Chief Secretary Liang Chu, the Zhengde Emperor sent his eunuch envoy Liu Yun from the Palace Chancellery on a mission to invite the Karmapa to Beijing in 1515. Liu commanded a fleet of hundreds of ships, which were deployed along the Jangtseji and consumed 2,835 g (100 oz) of silver per day in food expenses while they spent a year in Chengdu, Sichuan. After procuring the necessary gifts for the mission, he departed with a cavalry regiment of approximately 1,000 men. When the question was posed, the Karmapa-lama refused to leave Tibet despite the Ming power that had been brought to compel him. The Karmapa launched a surprise attack on Liu Yun\'s camp, taking all the offerings and respects while killing or wounding half of the entire escort. After this debacle, Liu fled for his life but did not return to Chengdu until years later to find that the Zhengde Emperor had passed', 0.96364856, 1)
("Passos Coelho also announced that the retirement age will be increased from 65 to 66, announced cuts in the pensions, unemployment benefits, health, education and science expenses, abolished the English obligatory classes in Basic Education, but kept the pensions of the judges, diplomats untouched and didn't raise the retirement age of the military and police forces. He has, however, cut meaningfully the politicians salaries. These policies have led to social unrest and to confrontations between several institutions, namely between the Government and the Constitutional Court. Several individualities belonging to the parties that support the government have also raised their voices against the policies that have been taken in order to try to solve the financial crisis.", " Passos Coelho announced an increase in retirement age from 65 to 66, planning cuts in pensions, unemployment benefits, health, education, and science. He abolished compulsory English classes in Basic Education but kept pensions of judges and diplomats unchanged and did not raise retirement age for military and police forces. He significantly reduced politicians' salaries. These policies caused social unrest and confrontations between institutions, particularly between the Government and the Constitutional Court. Several individuals from supporting parties voiced opposition to the crisis-solving policies.", 0.9638531, 1)
('Waitz was influential among the British ethnologists. In 1863 the explorer Richard Francis Burton and the speech therapist James Hunt broke away from the Ethnological Society of London to form the Anthropological Society of London, which henceforward would follow the path of the new anthropology rather than just ethnology. It was the 2nd society dedicated to general anthropology in existence. Representatives from the French Société were present, though not Broca. In his keynote address, printed in the first volume of its new publication, The Anthropological Review, Hunt stressed the work of Waitz, adopting his definitions as a standard.[n 5] Among the first associates were the young Edward Burnett Tylor, inventor of cultural anthropology, and his brother Alfred Tylor, a geologist. Previously Edward had referred to himself as an ethnologist; subsequently, an anthropologist.', 'Waitz influenced the British ethnologists. In 1863, the explorer Richard Francis Burton and the logopedist James Hunt broke away from the Ethnological Society of London to establish the Anthropological Society of London, which followed the path of the new anthropology instead of just ethnology. It was the second society to exist dedicated to general anthropology. Representatives of the French Société were present, but not Broca. In his speech, published in the first issue of its new publication, The Anthropological Review, Hunt emphasized the work of Waitz and adopted his definitions as standards. Among the first members were the young Edward Burnett Tylor, inventor of cultural anthropology, and his brother Alfred Tylor, a geologist. Previously, Edward referred to himself as an ethnologist; afterwards, as an anthropologist.', 0.96395457, 1)
('Anthropology is the study of humans and their societies in the past and present. Its main subdivisions are social anthropology and cultural anthropology, which describes the workings of societies around the world, linguistic anthropology, which investigates the influence of language in social life, and biological or physical anthropology, which concerns long-term development of the human organism. Archaeology, which studies past human cultures through investigation of physical evidence, is thought of as a branch of anthropology in the United States, while in Europe, it is viewed as a discipline in its own right, or grouped under other related disciplines such as history.', ' Anthropology is the study of people and their civilizations in the past and present. Its main components are social anthropology and cultural anthropology, which describe the workings of societies around the world, linguistic anthropology, which explores the influence of language on social life, and biological or physical anthropology, which deals with the long-term development of the human body. Archaeology, which investigates the past culture of people through research on physical traces, is considered a branch of anthropology in the United States, while in Europe it is viewed as a separate discipline or related disciplines such as history.', 0.9640404, 1)
("During this time, Link also helps Midna find the Fused Shadows, fragments of a relic containing powerful dark magic. In return, she helps Link find Ordon Village's children while helping the monkeys of Faron, the Gorons of Eldin, and the Zoras of Lanayru. Once Link has restored the Light Spirits and Midna has all the Fused Shadows, they are ambushed by Zant. After he relieves Midna of the Fused Shadow fragments, she ridicules him for abusing his tribe's magic, but Zant reveals that his power comes from another source as he uses it to turn Link back into a wolf, and then leaves Midna in Hyrule to die from the world's light. Bringing a dying Midna to Zelda, Link learns he needs the Master Sword to return to human form. Zelda sacrifices herself to heal Midna with her power before vanishing mysteriously. Midna is moved by Zelda's sacrifice, and begins to care more about Link and the fate of the light world.", " During this period, Midna helps Link find the Fused Shadows, fragments of a powerful relic imbued with dark magic. In return, she helps Link find the children of Ordon village while she assists the apes of Faron, the Gorons of Eldin, and the Zoras of Lanayru. When Link restores the Light Spirits and Midna has gathered all Fused Shadows, they are ambushed by Zant. After taking the Fused Shadow fragments from him, she accuses him of misusing his dark magic, but Zant reveals that his power comes from another source when he uses it to transform Link back into a wolf and then leaves Midna in Hyrule to die in the light of the world. Link brings a dying Midna to Zelda, and discovers that he needs the Master Sword to return to human form. Zelda forgives herself for healing Midna with her power before she mysteriously vanishes. Midna is affected by Zelda's sacrifice, and begins to worry more about Link and the fate of the Light World.", 0.964473, 1)
('On May 12, 2009, China marked the first anniversary of the quake with a moment of silence as people across the nation remembered the dead. The government also opened access to the sealed ruins of the Beichuan county seat for three days, after which it will be frozen in time as a state earthquake relic museum, to remind people of the terrible disaster. There were also several concerts across the country to raise money for the survivors of the quake.', ' On May 12, 2009, China observed a moment of silence to mark the first anniversary of the quake, with people nationwide remembering the deceased. The government permitted access to the sealed remains of Beichuan county seat for three days before preserving it as a state earthquake relic museum. Various concerts were held throughout the country to collect funds for the quake survivors.', 0.9645656, 1)
('Broca, being what today would be called a neurosurgeon, had taken an interest in the pathology of speech. He wanted to localize the difference between man and the other animals, which appeared to reside in speech. He discovered the speech center of the human brain, today called Broca\'s area after him. His interest was mainly in Biological anthropology, but a German philosopher specializing in psychology, Theodor Waitz, took up the theme of general and social anthropology in his six-volume work, entitled Die Anthropologie der Naturvölker, 1859–1864. The title was soon translated as "The Anthropology of Primitive Peoples". The last two volumes were published posthumously.', ' Broca, who would be referred to as a neurosurgeon today, took an interest in the pathology of speech. He aimed to identify the difference between man and animals, which appeared to lie in speech. He discovered the speech center of the human brain, now known as Broca\'s area after him. His focus was primarily on biological anthropology. However, a German philosopher specializing in psychology, Theodor Waitz, took up the theme of general and social anthropology in his six-volume work, entitled "The Anthropology of Primitive Peoples," published between 1859 and 1864. The last two volumes were published posthumously.', 0.9648119, 1)
('The International Energy Agency has said that solar energy can make considerable contributions to solving some of the most urgent problems the world now faces:', ' The International Energy Agency has stated that solar energy can make significant contributions to addressing some of the most pressing issues the world is currently facing.', 0.9650598, 1)
('Chopin\'s harmonic innovations may have arisen partly from his keyboard improvisation technique. Temperley says that in his works "novel harmonic effects frequently result from the combination of ordinary appoggiaturas or passing notes with melodic figures of accompaniment", and cadences are delayed by the use of chords outside the home key (neapolitan sixths and diminished sevenths), or by sudden shifts to remote keys. Chord progressions sometimes anticipate the shifting tonality of later composers such as Claude Debussy, as does Chopin\'s use of modal harmony.', "Chopin's harmonic innovations can contribute through his piano improvisation technique. According to Temperley, new harmonic effects in his works often result from the combination of common appogiaturas or passing notes with melodic figures of the accompaniment. Cadences are delayed by the use of chords outside the key (neapolitan sixths and diminished seventh chords), or by sudden shifts to distant keys. Chord progressions sometimes cause the movable keys of later composers such as Claude Debussy, as well as Chopin's use of modal harmony.", 0.9655717, 1)
("The majority of studies indicate antibiotics do interfere with contraceptive pills, such as clinical studies that suggest the failure rate of contraceptive pills caused by antibiotics is very low (about 1%). In cases where antibacterials have been suggested to affect the efficiency of birth control pills, such as for the broad-spectrum antibacterial rifampicin, these cases may be due to an increase in the activities of hepatic liver enzymes' causing increased breakdown of the pill's active ingredients. Effects on the intestinal flora, which might result in reduced absorption of estrogens in the colon, have also been suggested, but such suggestions have been inconclusive and controversial. Clinicians have recommended that extra contraceptive measures be applied during therapies using antibacterials that are suspected to interact with oral contraceptives.", " The majority of studies suggest that antibiotics interfere with contraceptive pills. Clinical studies indicate the failure rate of contraceptive pills due to antibiotics is very low, around 1%. In cases where antibiotics are suspected to affect the efficiency of birth control pills, such as with the broad-spectrum antibiotic rifampicin, this may be due to an increase in the activities of hepatic liver enzymes, leading to increased breakdown of the pills' active ingredients. Suggestions of effects on intestinal flora, potentially resulting in reduced absorption of estrogens in the colon, have been inconclusive and controversial. Clinicians recommend the use of additional contraceptive measures during therapies using antibiotics that are suspected to interact with oral contraceptives.", 0.9659954, 1)
('While the Ming dynasty traded horses with Tibet, it upheld a policy of outlawing border markets in the north, which Laird sees as an effort to punish the Mongols for their raids and to "drive them from the frontiers of China." However, after Altan Khan (1507–1582)—leader of the Tümed Mongols who overthrew the Oirat Mongol confederation\'s hegemony over the steppes—made peace with the Ming dynasty in 1571, he persuaded the Ming to reopen their border markets in 1573. This provided the Chinese with a new supply of horses that the Mongols had in excess; it was also a relief to the Ming, since they were unable to stop the Mongols from periodic raiding. Laird says that despite the fact that later Mongols believed Altan forced the Ming to view him as an equal, Chinese historians argue that he was simply a loyal Chinese citizen. By 1578, Altan Khan formed a formidable Mongol-Tibetan alliance with the Gelug that the Ming viewed from afar without intervention.', ' During the Ming dynasty, they traded horses with Tibet, but they maintained a policy of forbidden northern border markets, which Laird sees as a punishment for the Mongol invasions and an attempt to drive them away from the Chinese borders. After the peace between Altan Khan (1507–1582) – leader of the Tümed Mongols, who forced the hegemony of the Oirat Mongols over the steppes – and the Ming dynasty in 1571, Altan convinced the Ming to reopen their border markets in 1573. This provided the Chinese with a new horse supply, which the Mongols had in abundance; it was also a relief for the Ming, as they were unable to prevent Mongol raids periodically. Laird states that Altan later forced the Mongols to see the Ming as equal, while Chinese historians argue that he was merely a loyal Chinese subject. Around 1578, Altan formed a formidable Mongol-Tibetan alliance with the Gelug, which kept the Ming at a distance without intervention.', 0.96612304, 1)
("Despite her editors' warnings that the book might not sell well, it quickly became a sensation, bringing acclaim to Lee in literary circles, in her hometown of Monroeville, and throughout Alabama. The book went through numerous subsequent printings and became widely available through its inclusion in the Book of the Month Club and editions released by Reader's Digest Condensed Books.", " In spite of her editors' warnings that the book might not be a commercial success, it gained considerable popularity, earning Lee recognition in literary circles, in her hometown of Monroeville, and across Alabama. The book underwent multiple reprints and was made more accessible to a wider audience through its addition to the Book of the Month Club and editions published by Readers Digest Condensed Books.", 0.9662858, 1)
('Greenhouses convert solar light to heat, enabling year-round production and the growth (in enclosed environments) of specialty crops and other plants not naturally suited to the local climate. Primitive greenhouses were first used during Roman times to produce cucumbers year-round for the Roman emperor Tiberius. The first modern greenhouses were built in Europe in the 16th century to keep exotic plants brought back from explorations abroad. Greenhouses remain an important part of horticulture today, and plastic transparent materials have also been used to similar effect in polytunnels and row covers.', " Greenhouses convert sunlight into heat, enabling annual production and the growth (in enclosed environments) of specialist herbs and other plants unsuitable for the local climate. Primitive greenhouses were used in Roman times for Emperor Tiberius' annual cucumber production. The first modern European greenhouses were built in the 16th century to house exotic plants returned from overseas expeditions. Greenhouses remain crucial in horticulture, and transparent plastic materials are similarly employed in polytunnels and row covers.", 0.9664264, 1)
('During the reign of the Jiajing Emperor (r. 1521–1567), the native Chinese ideology of Daoism was fully sponsored at the Ming court, while Tibetan Vajrayana and even Chinese Buddhism were ignored or suppressed. Even the History of Ming states that the Tibetan lamas discontinued their trips to Ming China and its court at this point. Grand Secretary Yang Tinghe under Jiajing was determined to break the eunuch influence at court which typified the Zhengde era, an example being the costly escort of the eunuch Liu Yun as described above in his failed mission to Tibet. The court eunuchs were in favor of expanding and building new commercial ties with foreign countries such as Portugal, which Zhengde deemed permissible since he had an affinity for foreign and exotic people.', ' During the reign of the Jiajing Emperor (r. 1521–1567), native Chinese ideology of Daoism was fully endorsed at the Ming court, while Tibetan Vajrayana and Chinese Buddhism were disregarded or suppressed. The History of Ming states that the Tibetan lamas ceased their visits to Ming China and its court at this time. Grand Secretary Yang Tinghe, under Jiajing, was resolved to curb the eunuch influence at court, as previously attempted by him in his failed mission to Tibet with Liu Yun. The court eunuchs advocated for expanding and establishing new commercial relations with foreign countries such as Portugal, which Jiajing permitted since he had an inclination towards foreign and exotic people.', 0.96648276, 1)
('China Daily, a CCP-controlled news organization since 1981, states in a 2008 article that although there were dynastic changes after Tibet was incorporated into the territory of Yuan dynasty\'s China in the 13th century, "Tibet has remained under the jurisdiction of the central government of China." It also states that the Ming dynasty "inherited the right to rule Tibet" from the Yuan dynasty, and repeats the claims in the Mingshi about the Ming establishing two itinerant high commands over Tibet. China Daily states that the Ming handled Tibet\'s civil administration, appointed all leading officials of these administrative organs, and punished Tibetans who broke the law. The party-controlled People\'s Daily, the state-controlled Xinhua News Agency, and the state-controlled national television network China Central Television posted the same article that China Daily had, the only difference being their headlines and some additional text.', '[China Daily, a news organization controlled by the Chinese Communist Party since 1981, stated in a 2008 article that there were dynastic changes after Tibet was incorporated into Chinese territory under the Yuan dynasty in the 13th century. The article also mentioned that "Tibet came under the jurisdiction of the Chinese central government.", and repeated the claims in the Mingshi about the Ming dynasty inheriting the right to rule Tibet from the Yuan dynasty. China Daily reported that the Ming dynasty managed Tibet\'s civil administration, appointed all leading officials of these administrative bodies, and punished Tibetans who broke the law. The party-controlled People\'s Daily, the state-controlled Xinhua News Agency, and the state-controlled national television network China Central Television also published the same article as China Daily, with only differences in their headlines and some additional text].', 0.9665527, 1)
('Just as Lee explores Jem\'s development in coming to grips with a racist and unjust society, Scout realizes what being female means, and several female characters influence her development. Scout\'s primary identification with her father and older brother allows her to describe the variety and depth of female characters in the novel both as one of them and as an outsider. Scout\'s primary female models are Calpurnia and her neighbor Miss Maudie, both of whom are strong willed, independent, and protective. Mayella Ewell also has an influence; Scout watches her destroy an innocent man in order to hide her desire for him. The female characters who comment the most on Scout\'s lack of willingness to adhere to a more feminine role are also those who promote the most racist and classist points of view. For example, Mrs. Dubose chastises Scout for not wearing a dress and camisole, and indicates she is ruining the family name by not doing so, in addition to insulting Atticus\' intentions to defend Tom Robinson. By balancing the masculine influences of Atticus and Jem with the feminine influences of Calpurnia and Miss Maudie, one scholar writes, "Lee gradually demonstrates that Scout is becoming a feminist in the South, for with the use of first-person narration, she indicates that Scout/ Jean Louise still maintains the ambivalence about being a Southern lady she possessed as a child."', ' Just like Lee explores development in combating a racial and unfair society, Scout notices what it means to be female and influences her development through various female characters. Scout\'s primary identification with her father and older brother showcases the rich and deep variety of female characters in the book, both as one of them and as an outsider. Scout\'s most significant female role models are Calpurnia and her neighbor Miss Maudie, both of whom are strong-willed, independent, and protective. Mayella Ewell influences her; Scout follows her in the destruction of an innocent man to hide her desire for him. The female characters who most notice Scout\'s refusal to adopt a more feminine role are those who promote the most racial and classist viewpoints. For instance, Mrs. Dubose scolds Scout for not wearing a dress and camisole and states that she is damaging the family name by doing so, along with Atticus\' intentions to defend Tom Robinson. By combining the masculine influence of Atticus and Jem with the feminine influence of Calpurnia and Miss Maudie, a researcher writes: "Lee gradually shows that Scout becomes a women\'s rights activist in the South, as she reveals through first-person narration that Scout/Jean Louise still holds the ambiguous feelings about being a Southern woman that she had as a child." Translation note: Translation note: The name "Scout" is difficult to translate into Dutch, as it is nearly untranslatable English word.', 0.9667755, 1)
('Montana i/mɒnˈtænə/ is a state in the Western region of the United States. The state\'s name is derived from the Spanish word montaña (mountain). Montana has several nicknames, although none official, including "Big Sky Country" and "The Treasure State", and slogans that include "Land of the Shining Mountains" and more recently "The Last Best Place". Montana is ranked 4th in size, but 44th in population and 48th in population density of the 50 United States. The western third of Montana contains numerous mountain ranges. Smaller island ranges are found throughout the state. In total, 77 named ranges are part of the Rocky Mountains.', 'Montana /mɒnˈtænə/ is a state in the Western region of the United States. The state name is derived from the Spanish word montaña (mountain). Montana has several unofficial nicknames, including "Big Sky Country" and "The Treasure State," and slogans such as "Land of the Shining Mountains" and more recently "The Last Best Place." Montana is the fourth largest state, but the 44th most populous and 48th most densely populated of the 50 United States. The western third of Montana contains many mountain ranges. Small island chains are scattered throughout the state. In total, there are 77 named ranges that are part of the Rocky Mountains.', 0.9668286, 1)
('The potential solar energy that could be used by humans differs from the amount of solar energy present near the surface of the planet because factors such as geography, time variation, cloud cover, and the land available to humans limits the amount of solar energy that we can acquire.', " The translatable solar energy for human use differs from the solar energy present at the planet's surface due to factors such as geography, time variation, cloud cover, and the land available to humans limiting the amount of solar energy we can harness.", 0.9669337, 1)
('Economic anthropology attempts to explain human economic behavior in its widest historic, geographic and cultural scope. It has a complex relationship with the discipline of economics, of which it is highly critical. Its origins as a sub-field of anthropology begin with the Polish-British founder of Anthropology, Bronislaw Malinowski, and his French compatriot, Marcel Mauss, on the nature of gift-giving exchange (or reciprocity) as an alternative to market exchange. Economic Anthropology remains, for the most part, focused upon exchange. The school of thought derived from Marx and known as Political Economy focuses on production, in contrast. Economic Anthropologists have abandoned the primitivist niche they were relegated to by economists, and have now turned to examine corporations, banks, and the global financial system from an anthropological perspective.', ' Economic anthropology explains human economic behavior in its broadest historical, geographical, and cultural context. It has a complex relationship with the discipline of economics, which it is highly critical of. Its origins as a part of anthropology can be traced back to the Polish-British founder of anthropology, Bronisław Malinowski, and his French colleague, Marcel Mauss, on the nature of gift exchange (or reciprocity) as an alternative to market exchange. Economic anthropology, in general, focuses on exchange. The school of thought originating from Marx, known as Political Economy, focuses on production, in contrast. Economic anthropologists have distanced themselves from the primitive perspective in which they were dismissed by economists, and have since explored copy businesses, banks, and the global financial system from an anthropological perspective.', 0.9669983, 1)
("On Children's Day, June 1, 2008, many parents went to the rubble of schools to mourn for their children. The surviving children, who were mostly living in relief centres, performed ceremonies marking the special day, but also acknowledging the earthquake.", " On Children's Day, 1 June 2008, many parents went to the remains of the schools to comfort their children. The surviving children, who mainly lived in emergency centers, performed ceremonies in honor of that special day, but also acknowledged the earthquake.", 0.9674889, 1)
('In 1836, at a party hosted by Marie d\'Agoult, Chopin met the French author George Sand (born [Amantine] Aurore [Lucile] Dupin). Short (under five feet, or 152 cm), dark, big-eyed and a cigar smoker, she initially repelled Chopin, who remarked, "What an unattractive person la Sand is. Is she really a woman?" However, by early 1837 Maria Wodzińska\'s mother had made it clear to Chopin in correspondence that a marriage with her daughter was unlikely to proceed. It is thought that she was influenced by his poor health and possibly also by rumours about his associations with women such as d\'Agoult and Sand. Chopin finally placed the letters from Maria and her mother in a package on which he wrote, in Polish, "My tragedy". Sand, in a letter to Grzymała of June 1838, admitted strong feelings for the composer and debated whether to abandon a current affair in order to begin a relationship with Chopin; she asked Grzymała to assess Chopin\'s relationship with Maria Wodzińska, without realising that the affair, at least from Maria\'s side, was over.', 'In 1836, during a feast organized by Marie dAgoult, Chopin met George Sand (born [Amantine] Aurore [Lucile] Dupin) for the first time. Short (less than five feet, or 152 cm), dark, large-nosed and a cigar smoker, she initially repelled Chopin, who said: "What an unpleasant person is Madame Sand. Is she really a woman?" However, by the end of 1837, it had become clear to Chopin through Maria Wodzińska\'s mother\'s correspondence that a marriage with her daughter was unlikely to proceed. It is suspected that she was influenced by his poor health and possibly also by rumors about his relationships with women such as dAgoult and Sand. Chopin eventually placed Maria\'s and her mother\'s letters in a package, on which he wrote in Polish: "My tragedy". Sand, in a letter to Grzymała in June 1838, showed strong feelings for the composer and debated whether to give up her current affair to begin a relationship with Chopin; she asked Grzymała to evaluate the relationship between Chopin and Maria Wodzińska, without knowing that the affair, at least from Maria\'s side, had ended.', 0.9675443, 0)
("With the Conference of Berlin of 1884, Portuguese Africa territories had their borders formally established on request of Portugal in order to protect the centuries-long Portuguese interests in the continent from rivalries enticed by the Scramble for Africa. Portuguese Africa's cities and towns like Nova Lisboa, Sá da Bandeira, Silva Porto, Malanje, Tete, Vila Junqueiro, Vila Pery and Vila Cabral were founded or redeveloped inland during this period and beyond. New coastal towns like Beira, Moçâmedes, Lobito, João Belo, Nacala and Porto Amélia were also founded. Even before the turn of the 20th century, railway tracks as the Benguela railway in Angola, and the Beira railway in Mozambique, started to be built to link coastal areas and selected inland regions.", ' With the Berlin Conference of 1884, Portugal requested the formal establishment of borders in African territory to safeguard its long-standing interests on the continent, which were being threatened by the Scramble for Africa. Portuguese African cities and towns such as Nova Lisboa, Sá da Bandeira, Silva Porto, Malanje, Tete, Vila Junqueiro and Vila Cabral were founded or redeveloped inland during this period and beyond. New coastal towns like Beira, Moçâmedes, Lobito, João Belo, Nacala and Porto Amélia were also founded. Before the turn of the 20th century, railway tracks such as the Benguela railway in Angola, and the Beira railway in Mozambique, began to be built to link coastal areas and selected inland regions.', 0.967589, 1)
('Interactions between alcohol and certain antibiotics may occur and may cause side-effects and decreased effectiveness of antibiotic therapy. While moderate alcohol consumption is unlikely to interfere with many common antibiotics, there are specific types of antibiotics with which alcohol consumption may cause serious side-effects. Therefore, potential risks of side-effects and effectiveness depend on the type of antibiotic administered. Despite the lack of a categorical counterindication, the belief that alcohol and antibiotics should never be mixed is widespread.', ' The interactions between alcohol and certain antibiotics can lead to side effects and can reduce the effectiveness of antibiotherapy. While moderate alcohol consumption is unlikely to pose a problem for many commonly used antibiotics, there are certain types of antibiotics for which alcohol consumption can cause serious side effects. The potential risks for side effects and effectiveness depend on the specific antibiotic being used. However, the belief that alcohol and antibiotics should never be used together is common.', 0.967615, 1)
('Both the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange suspended trading of companies based in southwestern China. Copper rose over speculations that production in southwestern China may be affected, and oil prices dropped over speculations that demand from China would fall.', ' The Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange suspended trading for companies located in southwestern China. Copper experienced a rise in price due to speculations about potential production disruptions in southwestern China. Oil prices decreased due to speculations about decreased demand from China.', 0.9677478, 1)
('As of 21 February 2016[update] Spectre has grossed $879.3 million worldwide; $138.1 million of the takings have been generated from the UK market and $199.8 million from North America.', ' [As of 21 February 2016, update: Spectre earned 879.3 million dollars worldwide; 138.1 million dollars were earned from the UK market and 199.8 million dollars were earned from North America].Translation: [As of 21 February 2016, update: Spectre has made a total of 879.3 million dollars globally; 138.1 million dollars came from the UK box office and 199.8 million dollars came from North America].', 0.96793675, 1)
("Stone and brick became the city's building materials of choice after the construction of wood-frame houses was limited in the aftermath of the Great Fire of 1835. A distinctive feature of many of the city's buildings is the wooden roof-mounted water towers. In the 1800s, the city required their installation on buildings higher than six stories to prevent the need for excessively high water pressures at lower elevations, which could break municipal water pipes. Garden apartments became popular during the 1920s in outlying areas, such as Jackson Heights.", "Stone and brick became the city's preferred building materials after the construction of wood-frame houses was limited following the Great Fire of 1835. A distinctive feature of many of the city's buildings is the wooden water towers on the roofs. In the 1800s, the city required their installation on buildings higher than six stories to prevent excessively high water pressures at lower elevations, which could break municipal water pipes. Garden apartments became popular in outlying areas, such as Jackson Heights, during the 1920s.Therefore, after the Great Fire of 1835, the city restricted the construction of wood-frame houses and preferred the use of stone and brick instead. A notable characteristic of numerous buildings in the city is the presence of wooden water towers on their rooftops. In the 19th century, the city mandated the installation of these water towers on structures taller than six stories to prevent excessive water pressures at lower levels, which could potentially damage municipal water pipes. In the 1920s, garden apartments gained popularity in outlying regions, such as Jackson Heights.", 0.967947, 1)
('Beyoncé has worked with Tommy Hilfiger for the fragrances True Star (singing a cover version of "Wishing on a Star") and True Star Gold; she also promoted Emporio Armani\'s Diamonds fragrance in 2007. Beyoncé launched her first official fragrance, Heat in 2010. The commercial, which featured the 1956 song "Fever", was shown after the water shed in the United Kingdom as it begins with an image of Beyoncé appearing to lie naked in a room. In February 2011, Beyoncé launched her second fragrance, Heat Rush. Beyoncé\'s third fragrance, Pulse, was launched in September 2011. In 2013, The Mrs. Carter Show Limited Edition version of Heat was released. The six editions of Heat are the world\'s best-selling celebrity fragrance line, with sales of over $400 million.', ' Beyoncé collaborated with Tommy Hilfiger for the perfumes True Star (with a cover version of "If I Were a Star") and True Star Gold; she promoted in 2007 also the Emporio Armani Diamonds perfume. In 2010 Beyoncé launched her first official perfume, Heat. The advertisement, which showed an image of Beyoncé looking as if she is naked in a room, was shown in the UK after the watershed due to its beginning with an image of Beyoncé looking as if she is naked in a room. In February 2011 Beyoncé launched her second perfume, Heat Rush. Her third perfume, Pulse, was released in September 2011. In 2013 a Limited Edition version of Heat was released for The Mrs. Carter Show. The six editions of Heat are the best-selling celebrity perfume line in the world, with sales figures over $400 million.', 0.9681573, 1)
('The phrase "in whole or in part" has been subject to much discussion by scholars of international humanitarian law. The International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia found in Prosecutor v. Radislav Krstic – Trial Chamber I – Judgment – IT-98-33 (2001) ICTY8 (2 August 2001) that Genocide had been committed. In Prosecutor v. Radislav Krstic – Appeals Chamber – Judgment – IT-98-33 (2004) ICTY 7 (19 April 2004) paragraphs 8, 9, 10, and 11 addressed the issue of in part and found that "the part must be a substantial part of that group. The aim of the Genocide Convention is to prevent the intentional destruction of entire human groups, and the part targeted must be significant enough to have an impact on the group as a whole." The Appeals Chamber goes into details of other cases and the opinions of respected commentators on the Genocide Convention to explain how they came to this conclusion.', ' The concept of "in whole or in part" has been intensely discussed among many international humanitarian law scholars. The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia found in Prosecutor v. Radislav Krstic – Trial Chamber I – Judgment – IT-98-33 (2001) ICTY-8 (2 August 2001) that Genocide had been committed. In Prosecutor v. Radislav Krstic – Appeals Chamber – Judgment – IT-98-33 (2004) ICTY 7 (19 April 2004), paragraphs 8, 9, 10, and 11 dealt with the topic of in part and found that "the part must be a significant part of that group." The Genocide Convention\'s objective is to prevent the intended destruction of entire human groups, and the accused party must have sufficient influence over the group as a whole. The Appeals Chamber goes into detail about other matters and the opinions of respected commentators on the Genocide Convention to clarify how they reached this conclusion.', 0.9684669, 1)
('In the days following the disaster, an international reconnaissance team of engineers was dispatched to the region to make a detailed preliminary survey of damaged buildings. Their findings show a variety of reasons why many constructions failed to withstand the earthquake.', ' In the days following the disaster, an international reconnaissance team of engineers was dispatched to the region to make a detailed preliminary survey of damaged buildings. Their findings reveal a variety of reasons why many constructions collapsed during the earthquake.', 0.96856254, 1)
('The map of earthquake intensity published by CEA after surveying 500,000 km2 of the affected area shows a maximum liedu of XI on the China Seismic Intensity Scale (CSIS), described as "very destructive" on the European Macroseismic Scale (EMS) from which CSIS drew reference. (USGS, using the Modified Mercalli intensity scale (CC), also placed maximum intensity at XI, "very disastrous".) Two south-west-north-east stripes of liedu XI are centered around Yingxiu, Wenchuan (the town closest to the epicenter of the main quake) and Beichuan (the town repeatedly struck by strong aftershocks including one registering MS 6.1 on Aug 1, 2008), both in Sichuan Province, occupying a total of 2,419 km2. The Yingxiu liedu-XI zone is about 66 km long and 20 km wide along Wenchuan–Dujiangyan–Pengzhou; the Beichuan liedu-XI zone is about 82 km long and 15 km wide along An County–Beichuan–Pingwu. The area with liedu X (comparable to X on EMS, "destructive" and X on MM, "disastrous") spans 3,144 km2. The area affected by earthquakes exceeding liedu VI totals 440,442 km2, occupying an oval 936 km long and 596 km wide, spanning three provinces and one autonomous region.', ' The earthquake intensity map published by CEA after surveying 500,000 km2 of the affected area shows a maximum intensity of XI on the Chinese Seismic Intensity Scale (CSIS), described as "very destructive" on the European Macroseismic Scale (EMS), and XI on the Modified Mercalli intensity scale (CC) by USGS, indicating "very disastrous" conditions. Two southwest-northeast strips of maximum intensity XI are located around Yingxiu, Wenchuan, and Beichuan, both in Sichuan Province. The Yingxiu intensity-XI zone, about 66 km long and 20 km wide, is situated along Wenchuan–Dujiangyan–Pengzhou. The Beichuan intensity-XI zone, approximately 82 km long and 15 km wide, is located along An County–Beichuan–Pingwu. The area with intensity X, comparable to X on EMS ("destructive") and X on MM ("disastrous"), spans 3,144 km². The area affected by earthquakes exceeding intensity VI totals 440,442 km², forming an oval shape that is 936 km long and 596 km wide, encompassing three provinces and one autonomous region.', 0.96862733, 1)
('Between 64 and 104 major aftershocks, ranging in magnitude from 4.0 to 6.1, were recorded within 72 hours of the main quake. According to Chinese official counts, "by 12:00 CST, November 6, 2008 there had been 42,719 total aftershocks, of which 246 ranged from 4.0 MS to 4.9 MS, 34 from 5.0 MS to 5.9 MS, and 8 from 6.0 Ms to 6.4 MS; the strongest aftershock measured 6.4 MS." The latest aftershock exceeding M6 occurred on August 5, 2008.', ' Between 64 and 104 aftershocks with a magnitude between 4.0 and 6.1 were recorded within 72 hours after the main shock. According to Chinese records, a total of 42,719 aftershocks had occurred by CST on November 6, 2008 at 12:00 pm. Of these, 246 had a magnitude of 4.0 MS to 4.9 MS, 34 had a magnitude of 5.0 MS to 5.9 MS, and 8 had a magnitude of 6.0 Ms to 6.4 Ms; the strongest aftershock measured 6.4 MS. The last aftershock above M6 occurred on August 5, 2008.', 0.9688491, 1)
('Anthrozoology (also known as "human–animal studies") is the study of interaction between living things. It is a burgeoning interdisciplinary field that overlaps with a number of other disciplines, including anthropology, ethology, medicine, psychology, veterinary medicine and zoology. A major focus of anthrozoologic research is the quantifying of the positive effects of human-animal relationships on either party and the study of their interactions. It includes scholars from a diverse range of fields, including anthropology, sociology, biology, and philosophy.[n 7]', ' Anthrozoology, also referred to as "human-animal studies," is the field of study focusing on the interaction between living beings. It is an interdisciplinary area that overlaps with various disciplines, such as anthropology, ethology, medicine, psychology, veterinary medicine, and zoology. The primary focus of anthrozoological research is quantifying the positive impacts of human-animal relationships on both parties and examining their interactions. This field attracts scholars from diverse backgrounds, including anthropology, sociology, biology, and philosophy. [n 7] is a footnote.', 0.96891814, 1)
('Historians disagree on what the relationship was between the Ming court and Tibet and whether or not Ming China had sovereignty over Tibet. Van Praag writes that Chinese court historians viewed Tibet as an independent foreign tributary and had little interest in Tibet besides a lama-patron relationship. The historian Tsepon W. D. Shakabpa supports van Praag\'s position. However, Wang Jiawei and Nyima Gyaincain state that these assertions by van Praag and Shakabpa are "fallacies".', ' Historians are divided on the relationship between the Ming court and Tibet and whether or not Ming China had sovereignty over Tibet. Van Praag states that Chinese court historians viewed Tibet as an independent foreign tributary and had limited interest in Tibet beyond a lama-patron relationship. The historians Tsepon W. D. Shakabpa support Van Praag\'s position. However, Wang Jiawei and Nyima Gyaincain argue that the positions of Van Praag and Shakabpa are "fallacies".', 0.96906114, 1)
("The Portuguese government and army successfully resisted the decolonization of its overseas territories until April 1974, when a bloodless left-wing military coup in Lisbon, known as the Carnation Revolution, led the way for the independence of the overseas territories in Africa and Asia, as well as for the restoration of democracy after two years of a transitional period known as PREC (Processo Revolucionário Em Curso). This period was characterized by social turmoil and power disputes between left- and right-wing political forces. The retreat from the overseas territories and the acceptance of its independence terms by Portuguese head representatives for overseas negotiations, which would create independent states in 1975, prompted a mass exodus of Portuguese citizens from Portugal's African territories (mostly from Portuguese Angola and Mozambique).", " The Portuguese government and army held out against decolonization of their overseas territories until April 1974, when a bloodless left-wing military coup in Lisbon, named the Carnation Revolution, facilitated the independence of African and Asian Portuguese territories, as well as the return of democracy following a two-year transitional period called PREC (Revolutionary Process in Progress). This era was marked by social unrest and power struggles between left- and right-wing political forces. The withdrawal from the overseas territories and the Portuguese representatives' acceptance of independence terms for foreign negotiations resulted in a mass exodus of Portuguese citizens from Portuguese African territories, primarily from Angola and Mozambique.", 0.96928895, 1)
('However, Lok-Ham Chan, a professor of history at the University of Washington, writes that Changchub Gyaltsen\'s aims were to recreate the old Tibetan Kingdom that existed during the Chinese Tang dynasty, to build "nationalist sentiment" amongst Tibetans, and to "remove all traces of Mongol suzerainty." Georges Dreyfus, a professor of religion at Williams College, writes that it was Changchub Gyaltsen who adopted the old administrative system of Songtsän Gampo (c. 605–649)—the first leader of the Tibetan Empire to establish Tibet as a strong power—by reinstating its legal code of punishments and administrative units. For example, instead of the 13 governorships established by the Mongol Sakya viceroy, Changchub Gyaltsen divided Central Tibet into districts (dzong) with district heads (dzong dpon) who had to conform to old rituals and wear clothing styles of old Imperial Tibet. Van Praag asserts that Changchub Gyaltsen\'s ambitions were to "restore to Tibet the glories of its Imperial Age" by reinstating secular administration, promoting "national culture and traditions," and installing a law code that survived into the 20th century.', ' But Lok-Ham Chan, professor at the University of Washington\'s history department, writes that Changchub Gyaltsen\'s objectives were to restore the ancient Tibetan Kingdom that existed during the Chinese Tang dynasty, awaken national feelings among the Tibetans, and remove all traces of Mongol rule. Georges Dreyfus, professor of religion at Williams College, writes that it was Changchub Gyaltsen who restored the old administrative system of Songtsän Gampo (approximately 605–649) – the first Tibetan leader who made Tibet a powerful state – by reintroducing law and administrative units. For instance, instead of the 13 government regions set up by the Mongol Sakya vice-regents, Changchub Gyaltsen divided Central Tibet into districts (dzong) with district heads (dzong dpon) who had to conform to ancient rituals and wear old imperial clothing. According to Van Praag, Changchub Gyaltsen\'s ambitions were aimed at "returning Tibet to its Imperial Era" by restoring secular administration, promoting "national culture and traditions," and installing a legal code that survived into the 20th century.', 0.9695845, 1)
('Special bundles of the game contain a Wolf Link Amiibo figurine, which unlocks a Wii U-exclusive dungeon called the "Cave of Shadows" and can carry data over to the upcoming 2016 Zelda game. Other Zelda-related Amiibo figurines have distinct functions: Link and Toon Link replenish arrows, Zelda and Sheik restore Link\'s health, and Ganondorf causes Link to take twice as much damage.', 'Special bundles of the game include a Wolf Link Amiibo figurine. This Amiibo unlocks a Wii U-exclusive dungeon named "Cave of Shadows." The data from this Amiibo can also be transferred to the upcoming 2016 Zelda game. Other Zelda-related Amiibo figurines have distinct functions: Link and Toon Link replenish arrows, Zelda and Sheik restore Link\'s health, and Ganondorf causes Link to take twice the damage.Note: The Dutch translation provided is based on the given English text and may not be 100% accurate. It is always recommended to consult a professional translator for important or official translations.Translation:Speciale bundels van het spel bevatten een Wolf Link Amiibo-figurine. Dit Amiibo ontgrendelt een Wii U-unieke grot genaamd "Cave of Shadows." De gegevens van dit Amiibo kunnen ook overgedragen worden naar het opkomende 2016 Zelda-spel. Andere Zelda-gerelateerde Amiibo-figurines hebben unieke functies: Link en Toon Link herstellen pijlen, Zelda en Sheik herstellen Links gezondheid, en Ganondorf verhoogt de schade die Link ondervindt met twee.Note: De Nederlandse vertaling is gebaseerd op het gegeven Engelse tekst en kan niet 100% accurate zijn. Het is altijd aanbevolen een professionele vertaler te raadplegen voor belangrijke of officiele vertalingen.', 0.9696153, 1)
('The two largest metropolitan areas have subway systems: Lisbon Metro and Metro Sul do Tejo in the Lisbon Metropolitan Area and Porto Metro in the Porto Metropolitan Area, each with more than 35 km (22 mi) of lines. In Portugal, Lisbon tram services have been supplied by the Companhia de Carris de Ferro de Lisboa (Carris), for over a century. In Porto, a tram network, of which only a tourist line on the shores of the Douro remain, began construction on 12 September 1895 (a first for the Iberian Peninsula). All major cities and towns have their own local urban transport network, as well as taxi services.', ' The two largest metropolitan areas have metro tunnels: Lisbon Metro and Metro Sul do Tejo in the Lisbon Metropolitan Area, and Porto Metro in the Portugeese Metropolitan Area, each with over 35 km (22 mi) of tracks. In Portugal, tram services in Lisbon have been in the hands of Companhia de Carris de Ferro de Lisboa (Carris) for more than a century. In Porto, the construction of a tram network began on September 12, 1895 (the first on the Iberian Peninsula), but only a tourist line along the Douro riverbanks remains. All large cities and villages have their own local public transportation networks, as well as taxi services.', 0.96967554, 1)
("Despite the fact that humans have occupied the territory of Portugal for thousands of years, something still remains of the original vegetation. In Gerês both deciduous and coniferous forests can be found, an extremely rare worldwide mature mediterranean forest remain in some parts of the Arrábida mountain and a subtropical laurissilva forest, dating back to the Tertiary period, covers its largest continuous area in the world in the Madeira main island. Due to the human population decrease and rural exodus, Pyrenean oak and other local native trees are colonizing many abandoned areas. Boar, Iberian red deer, roe deer, Iberian wild goat, for example, are reported to be expanding greatly, during the last decades. Boars were found recently roaming at night inside large urban areas, like in Setubal. Protected areas of Portugal include one national park (Portuguese: Parque Nacional), 12 natural parks (Portuguese: Parque Natural), nine natural reserves (Portuguese: Reserva Natural), five natural monuments (Portuguese: Monumento Natural), and seven protected landscapes (Portuguese: Paisagem Protegida), which include the Parque Nacional da Peneda-Gerês, the Parque Natural da Serra da Estrela and the Paul d'Arzila.", "Despite humans inhabiting Portugal for thousands of years, some of the original vegetation still exists. In Gerês, both deciduous and coniferous forests can be found, and an extremely rare mature Mediterranean forest remains in some parts of the Arrábida mountain. The largest continuous area of a subtropical laurissilva forest, dating back to the Tertiary period, is found on the Madeira main island. Due to population decrease and rural exodus, Pyrenean oak and other native trees are colonizing many abandoned areas. Boar, Iberian red deer, roe deer, Iberian wild goat, for instance, are reported to be expanding greatly during the last decades. Boars have even been found roaming at night inside large urban areas, such as Setúbal. Portugal's protected areas include one national park (Portuguese: Parque Nacional), twelve natural parks (Portuguese: Parque Natural), nine natural reserves (Portuguese: Reserva Natural), five natural monuments (Portuguese: Monumento Natural), and seven protected landscapes (Portuguese: Paisagem Protegida), which include the Parque Nacional da Peneda-Gerês, the Parque Natural da Serra da Estrela, and the Paul d'Arzila.", 0.9699395, 1)
('Anthropology of development tends to view development from a critical perspective. The kind of issues addressed and implications for the approach simply involve pondering why, if a key development goal is to alleviate poverty, is poverty increasing? Why is there such a gap between plans and outcomes? Why are those working in development so willing to disregard history and the lessons it might offer? Why is development so externally driven rather than having an internal basis? In short why does so much planned development fail?', ' The anthropology of development often casts a critical eye on development. The raised issues and the consequences for the approach concern why, if reducing poverty is a significant development goal, poverty increases? Where does such a gap between plans and outcomes come from? Where are those involved in development so willing to ignore history and the lessons it can provide? Where is development so externally driven instead of having an internal foundation? In short, why does so much planned development fail?', 0.9700744, 1)
("Other features of the city's transportation infrastructure encompass more than 12,000 yellow taxicabs; various competing startup transportation network companies; and an aerial tramway that transports commuters between Roosevelt Island and Manhattan Island.", " Other features of the city's transportation infrastructure include more than 12,000 yellow taxis; various competing startup transportation network companies; and an aerial tramway that transports commuters between Roosevelt Island and Manhattan Island. (In English: Other features of the city's transportation infrastructure include more than 12,000 yellow taxis; various competing startup transportation network companies; and an aerial tramway that transports commuters between Roosevelt Island and Manhattan Island.)", 0.9701732, 1)
('In empirical therapy, a patient has proven or suspected infection, but the responsible microorganism is not yet unidentified. While the microorgainsim is being identified the doctor will usually administer the best choice of antibiotic that will be most active against the likely cause of infection usually a broad spectrum antibiotic. Empirical therapy is usually initiated before the doctor knows the exact identification of microorgansim causing the infection as the identification process make take several days in the laboratory.', ' In empirical therapy, a patient has a proven or suspected infection, but the responsible microorganism has not yet been identified. While the microorganism is being identified, the doctor will typically administer the best choice of antibiotic that will be most effective against the likely cause of infection, usually a broad-spectrum antibiotic. Empirical therapy is usually initiated before the doctor knows the exact identification of the microorganism causing the infection, as the identification process may take several days in the laboratory.', 0.97020066, 1)
('Absent mothers and abusive fathers are another theme in the novel. Scout and Jem\'s mother died before Scout could remember her, Mayella\'s mother is dead, and Mrs. Radley is silent about Boo\'s confinement to the house. Apart from Atticus, the fathers described are abusers. Bob Ewell, it is hinted, molested his daughter, and Mr. Radley imprisons his son in his house until Boo is remembered only as a phantom. Bob Ewell and Mr. Radley represent a form of masculinity that Atticus does not, and the novel suggests that such men as well as the traditionally feminine hypocrites at the Missionary Society can lead society astray. Atticus stands apart as a unique model of masculinity; as one scholar explains: "It is the job of real men who embody the traditional masculine qualities of heroic individualism, bravery, and an unshrinking knowledge of and dedication to social justice and morality, to set the society straight."', 'Reconciliating mothers and abusive fathers are a theme in the book. Scout and Jem\'s mother died before Scout could remember her, Mayella\'s mother is deceased, and Mrs. Radley is silent about Boo\'s confinement in the house. Besides Atticus, the fathers portrayed are abusers. Bob Ewell, suggested, had trouble with his daughter, and Mr. Radley keeps his son confined in his house until Boo is more than just a ghost. Bob Ewell and Mr. Radley represent a form of masculinity that Atticus does not embody, and the book suggests that such men, as well as the traditionally hypocritical women of the Missionary Society, can corrupt society. Atticus stands apart as a unique model of masculinity; as a researcher explains: "It is the duty of real men to exhibit the traditional masculine qualities of heroic individualism, courage, and unyielding knowledge and dedication to social justice and morality to set things right."', 0.97027135, 1)
('However, the early Ming government enacted a law, later rescinded, which forbade Han Chinese to learn the tenets of Tibetan Buddhism. There is little detailed evidence of Chinese—especially lay Chinese—studying Tibetan Buddhism until the Republican era (1912–1949). Despite these missions on behalf of the Hongwu Emperor, Morris Rossabi writes that the Yongle Emperor (r. 1402–1424) "was the first Ming ruler actively to seek an extension of relations with Tibet."', ' The early Ming government prohibited Han Chinese from learning the teachings of Tibetan Buddhism, a law that was later repealed. There is scant evidence of Chinese, particularly lay Chinese, studying Tibetan Buddhism prior to the Republican era (1912-1949). However, according to Morris Rossabi, the Yongle Emperor (r. 1402-1424) was the first Ming ruler to actively pursue deeper relations with Tibet.', 0.97050005, 1)
('In 2002, Chinese geologist Chen Xuezhong published a Seismic Risk Analysis study in which he came to the conclusion that beginning with 2003, attention should be paid to the possibility of an earthquake with a magnitude of over 7.0 occurring in Sichuan region. He based his study on statistical correlation. That Sichuan is a seismically active area has been discussed for years prior to the quake, though few studies point to a specific date and time.', ' In 2002, Chinese geologist Chen Xuezhong published a Seismic Risk Analysis. In this analysis, he warned that from 2003 onwards, there should be increased attention paid to the possibility of an earthquake with a magnitude greater than 7.0 in the Sichuan region. His study was based on statistical correlation. It has long been discussed that Sichuan is a seismically active area, but few studies have indicated a specific date and time.', 0.97055036, 1)
('The late Turrell V. Wylie, a former professor of the University of Washington, and Li Tieh-tseng argue that the reliability of the heavily censored History of Ming as a credible source on Sino-Tibetan relations is questionable, in the light of modern scholarship. Other historians also assert that these Ming titles were nominal and did not actually confer the authority that the earlier Yuan titles had. Van Praag writes that the "numerous economically motivated Tibetan missions to the Ming Court are referred to as \'tributary missions\' in the Ming Shih." Van Praag writes that these "tributary missions" were simply prompted by China\'s need for horses from Tibet, since a viable horse market in Mongol lands was closed as a result of incessant conflict. Morris Rossabi also writes that "Tibet, which had extensive contacts with China during the Yuan, scarcely had diplomatic relations with the Ming."', "The late Turrell V. Wylie, a former professor of the University of Washington, and Li Tieh-tseng question the reliability of the heavily censored History of Ming as a credible source on Sino-Tibetan relations, given modern scholarship. Other historians also claim that these Ming titles were nominal and did not grant the actual authority that the earlier Yuan titles had. Van Praag states that the numerous economically motivated Tibetan missions to the Ming Court are referred to as tributary missions in the Ming Shih. Van Praag states that these tributary missions were merely prompted by China's need for horses from Tibet, as a viable horse market in Mongol lands was closed due to constant conflict. Morris Rossabi also writes that Tibet, which had extensive contacts with China during the Yuan, scarcely had diplomatic relations with the Ming.", 0.97062796, 1)
('Inquiry in sociocultural anthropology is guided in part by cultural relativism, the attempt to understand other societies in terms of their own cultural symbols and values. Accepting other cultures in their own terms moderates reductionism in cross-cultural comparison. This project is often accommodated in the field of ethnography. Ethnography can refer to both a methodology and the product of ethnographic research, i.e. an ethnographic monograph. As methodology, ethnography is based upon long-term fieldwork within a community or other research site. Participant observation is one of the foundational methods of social and cultural anthropology. Ethnology involves the systematic comparison of different cultures. The process of participant-observation can be especially helpful to understanding a culture from an emic (conceptual, vs. etic, or technical) point of view.', ' In anthropology with cultural relativism, research focuses on other societies according to their own cultural symbols and values. Accepting other cultures in their own terms moderates reductionism in comprehensive comparisons. This project is often placed in the field of ethnography. Ethnography can refer both to a methodology and the result of ethnographic research, thus an ethnographic monography. As a methodology, ethnography is based on long-term fieldwork within a community or other research location. Participant observation is one of the fundamental methods of social and cultural anthropology. Ethnology deals with the systematic comparison of various cultures. The process of participant observation can be particularly useful for understanding a culture from an emic (conceptual, as opposed to etic or technical) perspective.', 0.9707006, 1)
('The strongest element of style noted by critics and reviewers is Lee\'s talent for narration, which in an early review in Time was called "tactile brilliance". Writing a decade later, another scholar noted, "Harper Lee has a remarkable gift of story-telling. Her art is visual, and with cinematographic fluidity and subtlety we see a scene melting into another scene without jolts of transition." Lee combines the narrator\'s voice of a child observing her surroundings with a grown woman\'s reflecting on her childhood, using the ambiguity of this voice combined with the narrative technique of flashback to play intricately with perspectives. This narrative method allows Lee to tell a "delightfully deceptive" story that mixes the simplicity of childhood observation with adult situations complicated by hidden motivations and unquestioned tradition. However, at times the blending causes reviewers to question Scout\'s preternatural vocabulary and depth of understanding. Both Harding LeMay and the novelist and literary critic Granville Hicks expressed doubt that children as sheltered as Scout and Jem could understand the complexities and horrors involved in the trial for Tom Robinson\'s life.', 'The most notable stylistic aspect, as mentioned by critics and reviewers, is Lee\'s storytelling talent, which was described as "tactile brilliance" in an early Time review. A decade later, another scholar noted, "Harper Lee has a remarkable gift for storytelling. Her art is visual, and with cinematographic fluidity and subtlety, we see one scene melt into another scene without jarring transitions." Lee combines the narrator\'s voice of a child observing her surroundings with that of a grown woman reflecting on her childhood, using the ambiguity of this voice and the narrative technique of flashback to intricately manipulate perspectives. This narrative method enables Lee to tell a "delightfully deceptive" story that blends the simplicity of childhood observation with adult situations complicated by hidden motivations and unquestioned traditions. However, at times, the blending raises questions among reviewers about Scout\'s preternatural vocabulary and depth of understanding. Both Harding LeMay and the novelist and literary critic Granville Hicks expressed doubt that children as sheltered as Scout and Jem could comprehend the complexities and horrors surrounding the trial for Tom Robinson\'s life.', 0.9707514, 1)
('Media anthropology (also known as anthropology of media or mass media) emphasizes ethnographic studies as a means of understanding producers, audiences, and other cultural and social aspects of mass media. The types of ethnographic contexts explored range from contexts of media production (e.g., ethnographies of newsrooms in newspapers, journalists in the field, film production) to contexts of media reception, following audiences in their everyday responses to media. Other types include cyber anthropology, a relatively new area of internet research, as well as ethnographies of other areas of research which happen to involve media, such as development work, social movements, or health education. This is in addition to many classic ethnographic contexts, where media such as radio, the press, new media and television have started to make their presences felt since the early 1990s.', ' Media anthropology, also known as anthropology of media or mass media, focuses on ethnographic studies to understand producers, audiences, and other cultural and social aspects of mass media. The explored ethnographic contexts span from media production settings, such as newspaper editorial offices, journalists in the field, and film production, to media reception contexts, following audiences in their everyday responses to media. Additionally, there is cyber anthropology, a new area of internet research, and ethnographies of other research areas involving media, including development work, social movements, or health education. This also encompasses many classic ethnographic contexts where media like radio, the press, new media, and television have become prominent since the early 1990s.', 0.9708239, 1)
('Historians Luciano Petech and Sato Hisashi argue that the Ming upheld a "divide-and-rule" policy towards a weak and politically fragmented Tibet after the Sakya regime had fallen. Chan writes that this was perhaps the calculated strategy of the Yongle Emperor, as exclusive patronage to one Tibetan sect would have given it too much regional power. Sperling finds no textual evidence in either Chinese or Tibetan sources to support this thesis of Petech and Hisashi. Norbu asserts that their thesis is largely based on the list of Ming titles conferred on Tibetan lamas rather than "comparative analysis of developments in China and Tibet." Rossabi states that this theory "attributes too much influence to the Chinese," pointing out that Tibet was already politically divided when the Ming dynasty began. Rossabi also discounts the "divide-and-rule" theory on the grounds of the Yongle Emperor\'s failed attempt to build a strong relationship with the fifth Karmapa—one which he hoped would parallel Kublai Khan\'s earlier relationship with the Sakya Phagpa lama. Instead, the Yongle Emperor followed the Karmapa\'s advice of giving patronage to many different Tibetan lamas.', ' Historians Luciano Petech and Sato Hisashi claim that the Ming dynasty employed a "divide-and-rule" policy towards weak and politically fragmented Tibet following the demise of the Sakya regime. Chan suggests that this could have been the deliberate strategy of the Yongle Emperor, as granting exclusive patronage to one Tibetan sect would have granted it excessive regional power. Sperling discovers no textual evidence in Chinese or Tibetan sources to substantiate Petech and Hisashi\'s thesis. Norbu argues that their thesis is primarily based on the list of Ming titles bestowed upon Tibetan lamas rather than "comparative analysis of developments in China and Tibet." Rossabi contends that this theory "overestimates Chinese influence," as Tibet was already politically fractured when the Ming dynasty commenced. Rossabi also dismisses the "divide-and-rule" theory due to the Yongle Emperor\'s unsuccessful endeavor to forge a strong bond with the fifth Karmapa—a bond he had envisioned would mirror Kublai Khan\'s earlier connection with the Sakya Phagpa lama. Instead, the Yongle Emperor heeded the Karmapa\'s advice and extended patronage to numerous different Tibetan lamas.', 0.9711209, 1)
("Starting in 1236, the Mongol prince Kublai, who later ruled as Khagan from 1260–1294, was granted a large appanage in North China by his superior, Ögedei Khan. Karma Pakshi, 2nd Karmapa Lama (1203–1283)—the head lama of the Karma Kagyu lineage of Tibetan Buddhism—rejected Kublai's invitation, so instead Kublai invited Drogön Chögyal Phagpa (1235–1280), successor and nephew of Sakya Pandita, who came to his court in 1253. Kublai instituted a unique relationship with the Phagpa lama, which recognized Kublai as a superior sovereign in political affairs and the Phagpa lama as the senior instructor to Kublai in religious affairs. Kublai also made Drogön Chögyal Phagpa the director of the government agency known as the Bureau of Buddhist and Tibetan Affairs and the ruling priest-king of Tibet, which comprised thirteen different states ruled by myriarchies.", " From 1236, Mongolian prince Kublai, who later ruled as Khagan from 1260 to 1294, received a large appanage in North China from his superior Ögedei Khan. The 2nd Karmapa Lama, Karma Pakshi (1203-1283) - the head lama of the Karma Kagyu lineage of Tibetan Buddhism - declined Kublai's invitation, so in place of the Karmapa Lama, Kublai invited Drogön Chögyal Phagpa (1235-1280), the successor and nephew of Sakya Pandita, who came to his court in 1253. Kublai established a unique relationship with the Phagpa lama, who Kublai recognized as a supreme ruler in political matters and the Phagpa lama recognized as the oldest teacher of Kublai in religious matters. Kublai appointed Drogön Chögyal Phagpa as director of the government agency known as the Bureau for Buddhist and Tibetan Affairs and the ruler-priest of Tibet, which consisted of thirty-three different states governed by myriarchies.", 0.97121406, 1)
('Despite this glowing message by the Emperor, Chan writes that a year later in 1446, the Ming court cut off all relations with the Karmapa hierarchs. Until then, the court was unaware that Deshin Shekpa had died in 1415. The Ming court had believed that the representatives of the Karma Kagyu who continued to visit the Ming capital were sent by the Karmapa.', "Despite the Emperor's glowing message, Chan notes that in 1446, the Ming court severed all ties with the Karmapa hierarchs. Prior to this, the court had been unaware that Deshin Shekpa had passed away in 1415. The Ming court had assumed that the Karma Kagyu representatives who continued to visit the Ming capital were dispatched by the Karmapa.", 0.9714362, 1)
('During the century of internecine struggles for dominance among the Northern Christians kingdoms, the County of Portugal, formed the southern portion of the Kingdom of Galicia. At times the Kingdom of Galicia existed independently for short periods, but usually formed an important part of the Kingdom of Leon. Throughout this period, the people of County of Portugal as Galicians found themselves struggling to maintain the autonomy of Galicia with its distinct language and culture (Galician-Portuguese) from the Leonese culture, whenever the status of the Kingdom of Galicia changed in relation to the Kingdom of Leon. As a result of political division, Galician-Portuguese lost its unity when the County of Portugal separated from the Kingdom of Galicia (a dependent kingdom of Leon) to establish the Kingdom of Portugal. The Galician and Portuguese versions of the language then diverged over time as they followed independent evolutionary paths. This began occurring when the Kingdom of Leon and the Kingdom of Castile united and the Castilian Language (known as Spanish) slowly over the centuries began influencing the Galician Language and then trying to replace it. The same thing happened to Astur-Leonese Language to the point where it is greatly reduced or completely replaced by the Castilian (Spanish Language).', ' During the century of internal power struggles among the Northern Christian kingdoms, the County of Portugal formed the southern part of the Kingdom of Galicia. At times, the Kingdom of Galicia existed independently for short periods, but usually formed an essential part of the Kingdom of Leon. Throughout this period, the people of the County of Portugal, as Galicians, fought to preserve the autonomy of Galicia with its distinct language and culture (Galician-Portuguese) from the Leonese culture, whenever the status of the Kingdom of Galicia changed in relation to the Kingdom of Leon. Due to political division, Galician-Portuguese lost its unity when the County of Portugal separated from the Kingdom of Galicia (a dependent kingdom of Leon) to establish the Kingdom of Portugal. The Galician and Portuguese versions of the language then diverged over time as they followed independent evolutionary paths. This began occurring when the Kingdom of Leon and the Kingdom of Castile united, and the Castilian Language (known as Spanish) gradually influenced the Galician Language and then tried to replace it. The same thing happened to the Astur-Leonese Language to the point where it is greatly reduced or completely replaced by the Castilian (Spanish Language).', 0.9715483, 1)
('Travel and tourism continue to be extremely important for Portugal, with visitor numbers forecast to increase significantly in the future.[citation needed] However, the increasing competition from Eastern European destinations continues to develop, with the presence of similar attractions that are often cheaper in countries such as Croatia. Consequently, it has been necessary for the country to focus upon its niche attractions, such as health, nature and rural tourism, to stay ahead of its competitors.', ' Travel and tourism continue to hold great significance for Portugal, with visitor numbers expected to experience substantial growth in the future. [Citation needed] However, the intensifying competition from Eastern European destinations is becoming more pronounced, as these countries offer similar attractions at lower prices, particularly in Croatia. As a result, Portugal has had to shift its focus towards its unique selling points, such as health, nature, and rural tourism, in order to maintain a competitive edge.', 0.9715945, 1)
('The state song was not composed until 21 years after statehood, when a musical troupe led by Joseph E. Howard stopped in Butte in September 1910. A former member of the troupe who lived in Butte buttonholed Howard at an after-show party, asking him to compose a song about Montana and got another partygoer, the city editor for the Butte Miner newspaper, Charles C. Cohan, to help. The two men worked up a basic melody and lyrics in about a half-hour for the entertainment of party guests, then finished the song later that evening, with an arrangement worked up the following day. Upon arriving in Helena, Howard\'s troupe performed 12 encores of the new song to an enthusiastic audience and the governor proclaimed it the state song on the spot, though formal legislative recognition did not occur until 1945. Montana is one of only three states to have a "state ballad", "Montana Melody", chosen by the legislature in 1983. Montana was the first state to also adopt a State Lullaby.', ' The state song of Montana was not composed until 21 years after statehood. In September 1910, a musical troupe led by Joseph E. Howard arrived in Butte. A former member of the troupe who lived in Butte asked Howard to write a song about Montana during a post-show party. Charles C. Cohan, a city editor for the Butte Miner newspaper, also joined in. They came up with a basic melody and lyrics in about half an hour to entertain the guests, and completed the song later that evening with an arrangement the next day. Upon arriving in Helena, Howard\'s troupe performed twelve encores of the new song to an enthusiastic audience. The governor declared it the state song on the spot, though formal legislative recognition did not occur until 1945. Montana is one of only three states to have a "state ballad", "Montana Melody", chosen by the legislature in 1983. Montana was the first state to also adopt a State Lullaby.', 0.9716592, 1)
("The Information Office of the State Council of the PRC preserves an edict of the Zhengtong Emperor (r. 1435–1449) addressed to the Karmapa in 1445, written after the latter's agent had brought holy relics to the Ming court. Zhengtong had the following message delivered to the Great Treasure Prince of Dharma, the Karmapa:", ' The Information Office of the State Council of the Peoples Republic of China keeps an edict of the Zhengtong Emperor (r. 1435-1449) for the Karmapa in 1445, after the arrival of the holy relics of his agent at the Ming court. Zhengtong had the following message delivered to the Great Treasure Prince of Dharma, the Karmapa:Translation: The Information Office of the State Council of the Peoples Republic of China preserves an edict from the Zhengtong Emperor (r. 1435-1449) to the Karmapa in 1445, after the arrival of the holy relics of his agent at the Ming court. Zhengtong had this message delivered to the Great Treasure Prince of Dharma, the Karmapa:', 0.9717169, 1)
('Multibillion US$ heavy-rail transit projects under construction in New York City include the Second Avenue Subway, the East Side Access project, and the 7 Subway Extension.', " Billions of US dollars' worth of heavy-rail transit projects are under construction in New York City. Among these are the Second Avenue Subway, the East Side Access project, and the 7 Subway Extension.", 0.9717489, 1)
('The television station, NDtv, grew from one show in 2002 to a full 24-hour channel with original programming by September 2006. WSND-FM serves the student body and larger South Bend community at 88.9 FM, offering students a chance to become involved in bringing classical music, fine arts and educational programming, and alternative rock to the airwaves. Another radio station, WVFI, began as a partner of WSND-FM. More recently, however, WVFI has been airing independently and is streamed on the Internet.', 'NDtv grew from one program in 2002 to a full-fledged 24-hour broadcaster with original content up until September 2006. WSND-FM caters to the student population and larger South Bend community on 88.9 FM with classical music, arts, and educational programs, as well as alternative rock on the airwaves. Another radio station, WVFI, grew alongside WSND-FM. However, in more recent times, WVFI has become independent and is now streamed over the internet.', 0.9717695, 1)
("This in turn led to the establishment of the right-wing dictatorship of the Estado Novo under António de Oliveira Salazar in 1933. Portugal was one of only five European countries to remain neutral in World War II. From the 1940s to the 1960s, Portugal was a founding member of NATO, OECD and the European Free Trade Association (EFTA). Gradually, new economic development projects and relocation of mainland Portuguese citizens into the overseas provinces in Africa were initiated, with Angola and Mozambique, as the largest and richest overseas territories, being the main targets of those initiatives. These actions were used to affirm Portugal's status as a transcontinental nation and not as a colonial empire.", " This led to the establishment of the right-wing dictatorship of the Estado Novo under António de Oliveira Salazar in 1933. Portugal was one of the five European countries that remained neutral in World War II. From the 1940s to the 1960s, Portugal was a founding member of NATO, OECD and the European Free Trade Association (EFTA). Step by step, new economic development projects and relocation of mainland Portuguese citizens into the overseas provinces in Africa were initiated, with Angola and Mozambique, as the largest and richest overseas territories, being the main targets of those initiatives. These actions were used to affirm Portugal's status as a transcontinental nation and not as a colonial empire.", 0.9718997, 1)
('Hydrogen production technologies been a significant area of solar chemical research since the 1970s. Aside from electrolysis driven by photovoltaic or photochemical cells, several thermochemical processes have also been explored. One such route uses concentrators to split water into oxygen and hydrogen at high temperatures (2,300–2,600 °C or 4,200–4,700 °F). Another approach uses the heat from solar concentrators to drive the steam reformation of natural gas thereby increasing the overall hydrogen yield compared to conventional reforming methods. Thermochemical cycles characterized by the decomposition and regeneration of reactants present another avenue for hydrogen production. The Solzinc process under development at the Weizmann Institute uses a 1 MW solar furnace to decompose zinc oxide (ZnO) at temperatures above 1,200 °C (2,200 °F). This initial reaction produces pure zinc, which can subsequently be reacted with water to produce hydrogen.', 'Since the 1970s, hydrogen production has been a significant area of solar chemical research. Instead of electrolysis driven by photovoltaic or photochemical cells, several thermochemical processes have also been explored. One such route uses concentrators to split water into oxygen and hydrogen at high temperatures (2,300–2,600 °C or 4,200–4,700 °F). Another approach uses the heat from solar concentrators to drive the steam reforming of natural gas, thereby increasing the overall hydrogen yield compared to conventional reforming methods. Thermochemical cycles characterized by the decomposition and regeneration of reactants present another avenue for hydrogen production. The Solzinc process under development at the Weizmann Institute uses a 1 MW solar furnace to decompose zinc oxide (ZnO) at temperatures above 1,200 °C (2,200 °F). This initial reaction produces pure zinc, which can subsequently be reacted with water to produce hydrogen.', 0.9719205, 1)
("New York is a global hub of international business and commerce. In 2012, New York City topped the first Global Economic Power Index, published by The Atlantic (to be differentiated from a namesake list published by the Martin Prosperity Institute), with cities ranked according to criteria reflecting their presence on similar lists as published by other entities. The city is a major center for banking and finance, retailing, world trade, transportation, tourism, real estate, new media as well as traditional media, advertising, legal services, accountancy, insurance, theater, fashion, and the arts in the United States; while Silicon Alley, metonymous for New York's broad-spectrum high technology sphere, continues to expand. The Port of New York and New Jersey is also a major economic engine, handling record cargo volume in the first half of 2014.", " New York is a global hub for international business and commerce. In 2012, New York City ranked first on The Atlantic's Global Economic Power Index, with cities ranked according to criteria reflecting their presence on similar lists published by other entities. The city is a major center for banking and finance, retailing, world trade, transportation, tourism, real estate, new media as well as traditional media, advertising, legal services, accountancy, insurance, theater, fashion and the arts in the United States. Additionally, New York's broad-spectrum high technology sphere, known as Silicon Alley, continues to expand. The Port of New York and New Jersey is also a major economic engine, handling record cargo volume in the first half of 2014.", 0.9719318, 1)
('Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19.7%). The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities. The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted. 1,400 of the 3,577 (39.1%) were admitted under the early action plan. Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States. While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture.', " Notre Dame is known for its selective admission policy, admitting the enrolled class in the fall of 2015 from a pool of 18,156 (19.7%). The academic profile of the admitted class remains among the top 10 to 15 in the country for national research universities. The university's admission policy is not restrictive, allowing admitted students to consider attendance at Notre Dame, as well as other colleges where they have been accepted. 1,400 of the 3,577 (39.1%) were admitted through early action plans. Admitted students came from 1,311 different high schools, and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to attend Notre Dame, making it likely the most representative university in the United States. All enrolled students begin in the First Year of Study College, but 25% indicated they intend to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering sciences, 24% in business sciences, 24% in sciences, and 3% in architecture.", 0.9721645, 1)
("Continental Portugal's 89,015 km2 (34,369 sq mi) territory is serviced by four international airports located near the principal cities of Lisbon, Porto, Faro and Beja. Lisbon's geographical position makes it a stopover for many foreign airlines at several airports within the country. The primary flag-carrier is TAP Portugal, although many other domestic airlines provide services within and without the country. The government decided to build a new airport outside Lisbon, in Alcochete, to replace Lisbon Portela Airport, though this plan has been stalled due to the austerity. Currently, the most important airports are in Lisbon, Porto, Faro, Funchal (Madeira), and Ponta Delgada (Azores), managed by the national airport authority group ANA – Aeroportos de Portugal.", " Continental Portugal's 89.015 km2 (34.369 sq mi) territory is served by four international airports, located near the capitals Lisbon, Porto, Faro and Beja. Lisbon's geographical location makes it a hub for many foreign airline companies at various airports within the country. The main airline is TAP Portugal, but there are also several domestic airline companies providing services within and outside the country. The government decided to build a new airport outside Lisbon, in Alcochete, to replace Lisbon Portela Airport, but this plan has been halted due to budget cuts. The main airports in Lisbon, Porto, Faro, Funchal (Madeira) and Ponta Delgada (Azores) are currently managed by the national airport authority group ANA – Aeroportos de Portugal.", 0.9723212, 1)
("To Kill a Mockingbird has been a source of significant controversy since its being the subject of classroom study as early as 1963. The book's racial slurs, profanity, and frank discussion of rape have led people to challenge its appropriateness in libraries and classrooms across the United States. The American Library Association reported that To Kill a Mockingbird was number 21 of the 100 most frequently challenged books of 2000–2009.", ' [To Kill a Mockingbird has been a subject of considerable controversies in the United States since 1963 over its usage in classrooms. The book includes racial slurs, profanity, and an open discussion of rapes. The American Library Association reported that To Kill a Mockingbird was the 21st most frequently challenged book from 2000–2009.]', 0.9723459, 1)
('Tibetan sources say Deshin Shekpa also persuaded the Yongle Emperor not to impose his military might on Tibet as the Mongols had previously done. Thinley writes that before the Karmapa returned to Tibet, the Yongle Emperor began planning to send a military force into Tibet to forcibly give the Karmapa authority over all the Tibetan Buddhist schools but Deshin Shekpa dissuaded him. However, Hok-Lam Chan states that "there is little evidence that this was ever the emperor\'s intention" and that evidence indicates that Deshin Skekpa was invited strictly for religious purposes.', ' Tibetan sources claim that Deshin Shekpa prevented the Yongle Emperor from using military power in Tibet like the Mongols did. Thinley writes that before the Karmapa\'s return to Tibet, the Yongle Emperor planned to send a military force to make the Karmapa the authority over all Tibetan Buddhist schools. But Deshin Shekpa dissuaded him. However, according to Hok-Lam Chan, "there is little evidence that this was ever the emperor\'s intention" and that evidence indicates Deshin Shekpa was invited for religious reasons only.', 0.9728231, 1)
("However, Reuters reported in June that, to date, Chinese prosecutors have joined an official inquiry into ten collapsed schools during May's devastating earthquake to gain first-hand material of construction quality at the collapsed schools, launch preliminary inquiries and prepare for possible investigations into professional crime. It was also reported that safety checks were to be carried out at schools across China after last month's earthquake.", "But Reuters reported in June that Chinese public prosecutors joined the official investigation into the collapsed schools during May's devastating earthquake to obtain first-hand material on construction quality at the collapsed schools, conduct preliminary investigations, and prepare for possible investigations into professional crime. It was also reported that safety checks were to be carried out at schools across China after last month's earthquake.", 0.97297, 1)
('As of 2006, the iPod was produced by about 14,000 workers in the U.S. and 27,000 overseas. Further, the salaries attributed to this product were overwhelmingly distributed to highly skilled U.S. professionals, as opposed to lower skilled U.S. retail employees or overseas manufacturing labor. One interpretation of this result is that U.S. innovation can create more jobs overseas than domestically.', ' Since 2006, the iPod was produced by approximately 14,000 employees in the United States and 27,000 overseas. Furthermore, most of the payment for this product was allocated to highly educated American professionals, rather than lower-educated American retail workers or foreign production labor. An interpretation of this result is that American innovation creates more jobs overseas than domestically.', 0.9729979, 1)
("Tajikistan's rivers, such as the Vakhsh and the Panj, have great hydropower potential, and the government has focused on attracting investment for projects for internal use and electricity exports. Tajikistan is home to the Nurek Dam, the highest dam in the world. Lately, Russia's RAO UES energy giant has been working on the Sangtuda-1 hydroelectric power station (670 MW capacity) commenced operations on 18 January 2008. Other projects at the development stage include Sangtuda-2 by Iran, Zerafshan by the Chinese company SinoHydro, and the Rogun power plant that, at a projected height of 335 metres (1,099 ft), would supersede the Nurek Dam as highest in the world if it is brought to completion. A planned project, CASA 1000, will transmit 1000 MW of surplus electricity from Tajikistan to Pakistan with power transit through Afghanistan. The total length of transmission line is 750 km while the project is planned to be on Public-Private Partnership basis with the support of WB, IFC, ADB and IDB. The project cost is estimated to be around US$865 million. Other energy resources include sizable coal deposits and smaller reserves of natural gas and petroleum.", " Tadzjikistan's rivers, such as the Vakhsh and the Panj, have a large water power potential and the government is focusing on attracting investments for domestic use and electricity export projects. Tadzjikistan is currently home to the Nurek-dam, the highest dam in the world. Recently, the Russian RAO UES energy giant has been working on the Sangtuda-1 hydroelectric power plant (670 MW capacity), which was put into operation on 18 January 2008. Other projects in development are Sangtuda-2 by Iran, Zerafshan by the Chinese company SinoHydro, and the Rogun-hydroelectric power plant, which, with a planned height of 335 meters (1,099 feet), would surpass the Nurek-dam if completed. A planned project, CASA 100note: I've used the Dutch names for the organizations (WB = World Bank, IFC = International Finance Corporation, ADB = Asian Development Bank, IDB = Islamic Development Bank).1000, will transport 1000 MW of excess electricity from Tadzjikistan to Pakistan through an electricity transmission line passing through Afghanistan. The total length of the transmission line is 750 km and the project is planned based on Public-Private Partnership with support from the WB, IFC, ADB, and IDB. The project cost is estimated at approximately US$865 million. Other energy reserves include significant coal reserves and smaller gas and oil reserves.", 0.97306, 1)
("As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets. The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals. Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States. The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork. The Dome yearbook is published annually. The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College. Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University. In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published. Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production. Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students. Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut.", ' Just like most universities, Notre Dame has expanded the number of student-run publications. The nine student-managed publishing projects include three newspapers, a radio- and television station, and several magazines and journals. Beginning as a one-page paper in September 1876, Scholastic is published two months per month and considers itself the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States. The other paper, The Juggler, appears twice a year and focuses on student literature and art. The yearbook The Dome is published annually. The newspapers have various publishing goals, with The Observer being daily and primarily reporting university and other news, and relying on students from both Notre Dame and Saint Marys College. In contrast to Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent paper and has no academic advisement or any editorial oversight from the University. In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer showed a conservative bias, a liberal paper, Common Sense, appeared. In 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production. Both papers do not publish as frequently as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students. In the Spring 2008 debuted a research journal for political science research, Beyond Politics.', 0.9730934, 1)
('Phase change materials such as paraffin wax and Glauber\'s salt are another thermal storage media. These materials are inexpensive, readily available, and can deliver domestically useful temperatures (approximately 64 °C or 147 °F). The "Dover House" (in Dover, Massachusetts) was the first to use a Glauber\'s salt heating system, in 1948. Solar energy can also be stored at high temperatures using molten salts. Salts are an effective storage medium because they are low-cost, have a high specific heat capacity and can deliver heat at temperatures compatible with conventional power systems. The Solar Two used this method of energy storage, allowing it to store 1.44 terajoules (400,000 kWh) in its 68 cubic metres storage tank with an annual storage efficiency of about 99%.', 'Phase change materials like paraffin wax and Glauber\'s salt are thermal storage media. These substances are inexpensive, readily available, and can provide useful temperatures (approximately 64 °C or 147 °F). The "Dover House" (in Dover, Massachusetts) was the first to use a Glauber\'s salt heating system, in 1948. Solar energy can also be stored at high temperatures with liquid salts. Salts are an effective storage medium because they are inexpensive, have a high specific heat capacity, and can provide heat at temperatures compatible with conventional power systems. The Solar Two used this energy storage method, allowing it to store 1.44 terajoules (400,000 kWh) in its 68 cubic meter storage tank with an annual storage efficiency of approximately 99%.', 0.97312677, 1)
("The story focuses on series protagonist Link, who tries to prevent Hyrule from being engulfed by a corrupted parallel dimension known as the Twilight Realm. To do so, he takes the form of both a Hylian and a wolf, and is assisted by a mysterious creature named Midna. The game takes place hundreds of years after Ocarina of Time and Majora's Mask, in an alternate timeline from The Wind Waker.", " The story centers around series protagonist Link, who strives to save Hyrule from being consumed by a corrupt parallel dimension called the Twilight Realm. To accomplish this, he transforms into both a Hylian and a wolf, and is aided by a enigmatic creature named Midna. The game unfolds hundreds of years after Ocarina of Time and Majora's Mask, in an alternate timeline from The Wind Waker.", 0.9734056, 1)
('Uniquely among major American cities, New York is divided between, and is host to the main branches of, two different US district courts: the District Court for the Southern District of New York, whose main courthouse is on Foley Square near City Hall in Manhattan and whose jurisdiction includes Manhattan and the Bronx, and the District Court for the Eastern District of New York, whose main courthouse is in Brooklyn and whose jurisdiction includes Brooklyn, Queens, and Staten Island. The US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and US Court of International Trade are also based in New York, also on Foley Square in Manhattan.', ' New York is unique among large American cities, hosting the headquarters of two different American judicial districts: The Southern District Court of New York, whose headquarters are located on Foley Square near City Hall in Manhattan and whose jurisdiction covers Manhattan and The Bronx, and The Eastern District Court of New York, whose headquarters are in Brooklyn and whose jurisdiction covers Brooklyn, Queens, and Staten Island. The United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York are also located in New York, both on Foley Square in Manhattan.', 0.9735336, 1)
('Songbirds and their associated symbolism appear throughout the novel. The family\'s last name of Finch also shares Lee\'s mother\'s maiden name. The titular mockingbird is a key motif of this theme, which first appears when Atticus, having given his children air-rifles for Christmas, allows their Uncle Jack to teach them to shoot. Atticus warns them that, although they can "shoot all the bluejays they want", they must remember that "it\'s a sin to kill a mockingbird". Confused, Scout approaches her neighbor Miss Maudie, who explains that mockingbirds never harm other living creatures. She points out that mockingbirds simply provide pleasure with their songs, saying, "They don\'t do one thing but sing their hearts out for us." Writer Edwin Bruell summarized the symbolism when he wrote in 1964, "\'To kill a mockingbird\' is to kill that which is innocent and harmless—like Tom Robinson." Scholars have noted that Lee often returns to the mockingbird theme when trying to make a moral point.', ' In the book, songbirds and their accompanying image keep appearing frequently. The surname of the Finch family is the same as the girls\' name of Lee\'s mother. The mockingbird is an important motif of this theme, which first appears when Atticus gives his children air rifles for Christmas and lets Jack teach them to shoot. Atticus warns them that although they "can shoot all the blue jays they want," they should remember that "it\'s a sin to kill a mockingbird." Confused, Scout goes to her neighbor Miss Maudie, who explains that mockingbirds cause no harm to other living creatures. She points to the mockingbirds, which give pleasure only with their songs, saying: "They sing for us alone." Scholars have noted that Lee frequently returns to the mockingbird theme when he wants to make a moral point.', 0.9736284, 1)
('The study of genocide has mainly been focused towards the legal aspect of the term. By formally recognizing the act of genocide as a crime, involves the undergoing prosecution that begins with not only seeing genocide as outrageous past any moral standpoint but also may be a legal liability within international relations. When genocide is looked at in a general aspect it is viewed as the deliberate killing of a certain group. Yet is commonly seen to escape the process of trial and prosecution due to the fact that genocide is more often than not committed by the officials in power of a state or area. In 1648 before the term genocide had been coined, the Peace of Westphalia was established to protect ethnic, national, racial and in some instances religious groups. During the 19th century humanitarian intervention was needed due to the fact of conflict and justification of some of the actions executed by the military.', ' The study of genocide has mainly focused on its legal aspect. By formally recognizing the act of genocide as a crime, it initiates a prosecution process that begins with viewing genocide as not only an outrage against any moral standpoint but also a legal liability in international relations. In a general sense, genocide is considered the deliberate killing of a specific group. However, it often escapes trial and prosecution because genocide is usually committed by officials in power of a state or region. Before the term genocide was coined, in 1648, the Peace of Westphalia was established to protect ethnic, national, racial, and in some instances religious groups. During the 19th century, humanitarian intervention was necessary due to conflicts and justifications for some actions executed by the military.', 0.97409457, 1)
('In 2008, State Council established a counterpart support plan (《汶川地震灾后恢复重建对口支援方案》). The plan is to arrange 19 eastern and central province and municipalitie to help 18 counties, on "one province to one affected county" basis. The plan spanned 3 years, and cost no less than one percent of the province or municipality\'s budget.', ' In 2008, a counterpart support plan (《汶川地震灾后恢复重建对口支援方案》) was established. This plan involved 19 eastern and central provinces and municipalities, each helping one affected county. The plan lasted for three years and cost no less than one percent of the budget of the province or municipality.', 0.97410643, 1)
('I Love New York (stylized I ❤ NY) is both a logo and a song that are the basis of an advertising campaign and have been used since 1977 to promote tourism in New York City, and later to promote New York State as well. The trademarked logo, owned by New York State Empire State Development, appears in souvenir shops and brochures throughout the city and state, some licensed, many not. The song is the state song of New York.', ' "I ❤ NY" is a logo and a song that form the basis of a marketing campaign, promoting tourism in New York City, and later New York State as well, since 1977. The registered trademark, owned by New York State Empire State Development, can be found in souvenir shops and brochures throughout the city and state, some licensed, many not. The song is the state song of New York.', 0.97413874, 1)
('Diane McWhorter, Pulitzer Prize-winning historian of the Birmingham civil rights campaign, asserts that To Kill a Mockingbird condemns racism instead of racists, and states that every child in the South has moments of racial cognitive dissonance when they are faced with the harsh reality of inequality. This feeling causes them to question the beliefs with which they have been raised, which for many children is what the novel does. McWhorter writes of Lee, "for a white person from the South to write a book like this in the late 1950s is really unusual—by its very existence an act of protest."[note 4] Author James McBride calls Lee brilliant but stops short of calling her brave: "I think by calling Harper Lee brave you kind of absolve yourself of your own racism ... She certainly set the standards in terms of how these issues need to be discussed, but in many ways I feel ... the moral bar\'s been lowered. And that\'s really distressing. We need a thousand Atticus Finches." McBride, however, defends the book\'s sentimentality, and the way Lee approaches the story with "honesty and integrity".', ' Diane McWhorter, Pulitzer Prize winner as Birmingham historian, claims that To Kill a Mockingbird condemns racism rather than racists, and states that every child in the South experiences moments of racial cognitive dissonance when they encounter the harsh reality of inequality. This feeling causes them to question their ingrained beliefs, making the book an actual experience for many children. McWhorter writes about Lee: "For a white person from the South to write such a book in the late 1950s is truly remarkable—in itself an act of protest."[note 4] Author James McBride calls Lee brilliant, but refrains from describing her as courageous: "I think that calling Lee courageous shifts one\'s own racism a little ... She set the standards for how these issues should be addressed, but in many ways, I feel ... the moral standards are lower. That\'s very sad. We invite thousands of Atticus Finches." McBride defends the sentimental tone of the book and the way Lee approaches the narrative with "honesty and integrity".[note 4] Note:[note 4] In the original English text, there is a footnote with the following text: "See McWhorter, Diane. Carry Me Home: Birmingham, Alabama: The Climax of the Civil Rights Revolution. New York: Simon & Schuster, 2001."', 0.9741429, 1)
('Kolmaš writes that, as the Mongol presence in Tibet increased, culminating in the conquest of Tibet by a Mongol leader in 1642, the Ming emperors "viewed with apparent unconcern these developments in Tibet." He adds that the Ming court\'s lack of concern for Tibet was one of the reasons why the Mongols pounced on the chance to reclaim their old vassal of Tibet and "fill once more the political vacuum in that country." On the mass Mongol conversion to Tibetan Buddhism under Altan Khan, Laird writes that "the Chinese watched these developments with interest, though few Chinese ever became devout Tibetan Buddhists."', ' Kolmaš mentions that, during the growing Mongol influence in Tibet which peaked with the conquest of Tibet by a Mongol leader in 1642, the Ming emperors appeared to show little concern towards these developments in Tibet. He further explains that the apathy of the Ming court towards Tibet was one of the reasons why the Mongols took advantage of the situation and reclaimed their old vassal in Tibet, thereby filling the political void in the country once more. Concerning the mass Mongol conversion to Tibetan Buddhism under Altan Khan, Laird states that "the Chinese observed these events with curiosity, but few Chinese embraced Tibetan Buddhism deeply."', 0.9741442, 1)
("Foxconn, Apple's manufacturer, initially denied the abuses, but when an auditing team from Apple found that workers had been working longer hours than were allowed under Chinese law, they promised to prevent workers working more hours than the code allowed. Apple hired a workplace standards auditing company, Verité, and joined the Electronic Industry Code of Conduct Implementation Group to oversee the measures. On December 31, 2006, workers at the Foxconn factory in Longhua, Shenzhen formed a union affiliated with the All-China Federation of Trade Unions, the Chinese government-approved union umbrella organization.", "Foxconn, Apple's manufacturer, initially refused to acknowledge the issues, but when an Apple audit team discovered that workers were working longer hours than permitted by Chinese law, they promised not to let workers work beyond the permitted hours. Apple hired a labor standard monitoring company, Verité, and joined the Electronic Industry Code of Conduct Implementation Group to oversee the measures. On December 31, 2006, workers at the Foxconn factory in Longhua, Shenzhen formed a union affiliated with the All-Chinese Federation of Trade Unions, the Chinese government-approved trade union federation.", 0.97446275, 1)
('Before the early 20th century, treatments for infections were based primarily on medicinal folklore. Mixtures with antimicrobial properties that were used in treatments of infections were described over 2000 years ago. Many ancient cultures, including the ancient Egyptians and ancient Greeks, used specially selected mold and plant materials and extracts to treat infections. More recent observations made in the laboratory of antibiosis between microorganisms led to the discovery of natural antibacterials produced by microorganisms. Louis Pasteur observed, "if we could intervene in the antagonism observed between some bacteria, it would offer perhaps the greatest hopes for therapeutics". The term \'antibiosis\', meaning "against life", was introduced by the French bacteriologist Jean Paul Vuillemin as a descriptive name of the phenomenon exhibited by these early antibacterial drugs. Antibiosis was first described in 1877 in bacteria when Louis Pasteur and Robert Koch observed that an airborne bacillus could inhibit the growth of Bacillus anthracis. These drugs were later renamed antibiotics by Selman Waksman, an American microbiologist, in 1942. Synthetic antibiotic chemotherapy as a science and development of antibacterials began in Germany with Paul Ehrlich in the late 1880s. Ehrlich noted certain dyes would color human, animal, or bacterial cells, whereas others did not. He then proposed the idea that it might be possible to create chemicals that would act as a selective drug that would bind to and kill bacteria without harming the human host. After screening hundreds of dyes against various organisms, in 1907, he discovered a medicinally useful drug, the synthetic antibacterial salvarsan now called arsphenamine.', ' Before the beginning of the 20th century, treatments for infections were mainly based on medical folklore. Medications with antimicrobial properties used in infection treatments were described more than 2000 years ago. Old cultures, including ancient Egyptians and Greeks, used specifically selected fungal and plant substances and extracts to treat infections. Laboratory observations of antibiosis between microorganisms led to the discovery of natural antibacterials produced by microorganisms. Louis Pasteur noted, "if we can intervene in the antagonism between some bacteria, it probably offers the greatest hope for therapeutics". The term antibiosis, meaning "against life", was introduced by the French bacteriologist Jean Paul Vuillemin in 1877 as a descriptive name for this early antibacterial medicine. Antibiosis was first described in bacteria by Louis Pasteur and Robert Koch when a soil-borne bacillus inhibited the growth of Bacillus anthracis. These medicines were later renamed antibiotics by Selman Waksman, an American microbiologist, in 1942. The science and development of synthetic antibiotic chemotherapy began in Germany with Paul Ehrlich in the late 1880s. Ehrlich noted that certain dyes stained human, animal, or bacterial cells differently, and he predicted then that it would be possible to create chemical compounds that would work as selective medicines, binding and killing bacteria without harming the human host. After screening hundreds of dyes against various organisms, he discovered in 1907 a medicinally useful substance, the synthetic antibacterial salvarsan, now known as arsphenamine.', 0.9745311, 1)
('Nutritional anthropology is a synthetic concept that deals with the interplay between economic systems, nutritional status and food security, and how changes in the former affect the latter. If economic and environmental changes in a community affect access to food, food security, and dietary health, then this interplay between culture and biology is in turn connected to broader historical and economic trends associated with globalization. Nutritional status affects overall health status, work performance potential, and the overall potential for economic development (either in terms of human development or traditional western models) for any given group of people.', ' Nutritional anthropology is a synthetic concept that deals with the interplay between economic systems, food safety and food access, and how changes in the former affect the latter. When economic and environmental changes in a community influence food access, food safety, and food health, this interplay between culture and biology is further connected to broader historical and economic trends related to globalization. Food status influences the general health status, potential work performance, and overall development potential (in terms of human development as well as traditional Western models) for every given group of people. (Note: The term "nutritional anthropology" can be translated as "nutritional anthropology" or "food culture studies" in English.)', 0.9745622, 1)
('Political economy in anthropology is the application of the theories and methods of Historical Materialism to the traditional concerns of anthropology, including, but not limited to, non-capitalist societies. Political Economy introduced questions of history and colonialism to ahistorical anthropological theories of social structure and culture. Three main areas of interest rapidly developed. The first of these areas was concerned with the "pre-capitalist" societies that were subject to evolutionary "tribal" stereotypes. Sahlins work on Hunter-gatherers as the \'original affluent society\' did much to dissipate that image. The second area was concerned with the vast majority of the world\'s population at the time, the peasantry, many of whom were involved in complex revolutionary wars such as in Vietnam. The third area was on colonialism, imperialism, and the creation of the capitalist world-system. More recently, these Political Economists have more directly addressed issues of industrial (and post-industrial) capitalism around the world.', ' Political economy in anthropology is the application of Historical Materialism\'s theories and methods to the concerns of anthropology, including, but not limited to, non-capitalist societies. Political Economy brought questions of history and colonialism to the ahistorical anthropological theories on social structure and culture. Three major areas of interest quickly emerged. The first area focused on "pre-capitalist" societies that were stereotyped under the evolutionary "tribal" labels. Sahlins\' work on hunter-gatherers as the original productive societies helped greatly in dispelling this image. The second area focused on the vast majority of the world population at the time, who were involved in complex revolutionary wars, such as in Vietnam. The third area was about colonialism, imperialism, and the creation of the capitalist world system. Recently, Political Economists have directly addressed the issues of industrial (and post-industrial) capitalism worldwide.', 0.9746315, 1)
('Active solar techniques use photovoltaics, concentrated solar power, solar thermal collectors, pumps, and fans to convert sunlight into useful outputs. Passive solar techniques include selecting materials with favorable thermal properties, designing spaces that naturally circulate air, and referencing the position of a building to the Sun. Active solar technologies increase the supply of energy and are considered supply side technologies, while passive solar technologies reduce the need for alternate resources and are generally considered demand side technologies.', " Techniques for using active solar heat with photovoltaics, concentrated solar heat, solar heat collectors, pumps and fans to convert solar light into useful output. Passive solar heat techniques include selecting materials with favorable thermal properties, designing spaces that naturally circulate air, and referencing a building's position with respect to the Sun. Active solar heat technologies increase energy supply and are considered supply-side technologies, while passive solar heat technologies reduce the need for additional sources and are generally considered demand-side technologies.", 0.97472394, 1)
('Environmental anthropology is a sub-specialty within the field of anthropology that takes an active role in examining the relationships between humans and their environment across space and time. The contemporary perspective of environmental anthropology, and arguably at least the backdrop, if not the focus of most of the ethnographies and cultural fieldworks of today, is political ecology. Many characterize this new perspective as more informed with culture, politics and power, globalization, localized issues, and more. The focus and data interpretation is often used for arguments for/against or creation of policy, and to prevent corporate exploitation and damage of land. Often, the observer has become an active part of the struggle either directly (organizing, participation) or indirectly (articles, documentaries, books, ethnographies). Such is the case with environmental justice advocate Melissa Checker and her relationship with the people of Hyde Park.', ' Environmental anthropology is a subdiscipline within the field of anthropology that takes an active role in researching the relationship between people and their environment in terms of space and time. The current perspective of environmental anthropology, and likely the background or even the focus of most ethnographies and cultural studies of today, is political ecology. Many characterize this new perspective as more informed about culture, politics and power, globalization, local issues and more. The focus and data interpretation is often used for arguments for/against or policy making, and to prevent business attraction and ground damage. The observer often takes an active role in the struggle, both directly (organizing, participation) and indirectly (articles, documentaries, books, ethnographies). This is the case with environmental justice attorney Melissa Checker and her relationship with the people of Hyde Park.', 0.97473574, 1)
('Jonathan Bellman writes that modern concert performance style—set in the "conservatory" tradition of late 19th- and 20th-century music schools, and suitable for large auditoria or recordings—militates against what is known of Chopin\'s more intimate performance technique. The composer himself said to a pupil that "concerts are never real music, you have to give up the idea of hearing in them all the most beautiful things of art." Contemporary accounts indicate that in performance, Chopin avoided rigid procedures sometimes incorrectly attributed to him, such as "always crescendo to a high note", but that he was concerned with expressive phrasing, rhythmic consistency and sensitive colouring. Berlioz wrote in 1853 that Chopin "has created a kind of chromatic embroidery ... whose effect is so strange and piquant as to be impossible to describe ... virtually nobody but Chopin himself can play this music and give it this unusual turn". Hiller wrote that "What in the hands of others was elegant embellishment, in his hands became a colourful wreath of flowers."', ' Jonathan Bellman writes that the modern concert presentation style, established in the "conservatorium" tradition of music schools from the late 19th and 20th centuries, and suitable for large auditoriums or recordings, is in contrast to Chopin\'s intimate performance technique despite its vigorous opposition. The composer himself told a pupil that "concerts are never really music, give up the idea of hearing the most beautiful art in them." Testimonies from that time indicate that Chopin distanced himself from set procedures, sometimes incorrectly attributed to him, such as "always crescendo to a high note," but focused on expressive phrasing, rhythmic consistency, and sensitive coloring. Berlioz wrote in 1853 that Chopin "created a kind of chromatic embellishment ... whose effect is so strange and piquant that it is impossible to describe ... almost no one else but Chopin himself can perform this music and thus gives an unusual turn." Hiller wrote that "What in the hands of others was an elegant embellishment, in his hands became a colorful wreath of flowers."', 0.9748186, 1)
('Improvisation stands at the centre of Chopin\'s creative processes. However, this does not imply impulsive rambling: Nicholas Temperley writes that "improvisation is designed for an audience, and its starting-point is that audience\'s expectations, which include the current conventions of musical form." The works for piano and orchestra, including the two concertos, are held by Temperley to be "merely vehicles for brilliant piano playing ... formally longwinded and extremely conservative". After the piano concertos (which are both early, dating from 1830), Chopin made no attempts at large-scale multi-movement forms, save for his late sonatas for piano and for cello; "instead he achieved near-perfection in pieces of simple general design but subtle and complex cell-structure." Rosen suggests that an important aspect of Chopin\'s individuality is his flexible handling of the four-bar phrase as a structural unit.', 'Improvisation is at the core of Chopin\'s creative processes. This doesn\'t mean aimless wandering, though. According to Nicholas Temperley, "improvisation is intended for an audience, and its starting-point is the audience\'s expectations, which include the current conventions of musical form." The works for piano and orchestra, including the two concertos, are viewed by Temperley as "merely vehicles for brilliant piano playing ... formally longwinded and extremely conservative." After the piano concertos (both early, from 1830), Chopin made no attempts at large-scale multi-movement forms, except for his late sonatas for piano and cello; "instead, he achieved near-perfection in pieces of simple general design but subtle and complex cell-structure." Rosen proposes that an essential aspect of Chopin\'s individuality is his flexible handling of the four-bar phrase as a structural unit.', 0.9748248, 1)
('The theme of racial injustice appears symbolically in the novel as well. For example, Atticus must shoot a rabid dog, even though it is not his job to do so. Carolyn Jones argues that the dog represents prejudice within the town of Maycomb, and Atticus, who waits on a deserted street to shoot the dog, must fight against the town\'s racism without help from other white citizens. He is also alone when he faces a group intending to lynch Tom Robinson and once more in the courthouse during Tom\'s trial. Lee even uses dreamlike imagery from the mad dog incident to describe some of the courtroom scenes. Jones writes, "[t]he real mad dog in Maycomb is the racism that denies the humanity of Tom Robinson .... When Atticus makes his summation to the jury, he literally bares himself to the jury\'s and the town\'s anger."', ' The racial injustice theme is symbolically represented in the book as well. For instance, Atticus is required to shoot a fierce dog, although it is not his task. Carolyn Jones claims that the dog represents prejudice within the town of Maycomb, and Atticus, waiting on an empty street to shoot the dog, must resist the town\'s racism without the help of other white citizens. He is also alone when he encounters a mob intending to lynch Tom Robinson and again in the courthouse during Tom\'s trial. Lee employs actual dreamlike imagery of the fiery dog incident to describe some of the courtroom scenes. Jones writes, "the real fiery dog in Maycomb is the racism that denies Tom Robinson\'s humanity .... When Atticus delivers his summation to the jury, he strictly adheres to the jury and the town\'s account.', 0.9749434, 1)
("With third parties like Namco, Square Enix, Electronic Arts, Sega, and Hudson Soft all making games for the iPod, Apple's MP3 player has taken steps towards entering the video game handheld console market. Even video game magazines like GamePro and EGM have reviewed and rated most of their games as of late.", " With third parties like Namco, Square Enix, Electronic Arts, Sega, and Hudson Soft developing games for the iPod, Apple's MP3 player is making headway in the handheld video game console market. GamePro and EGM magazines have reviewed and rated most of their games recently.", 0.9749682, 1)
('Allusions to legal issues in To Kill a Mockingbird, particularly in scenes outside of the courtroom, has drawn the attention from legal scholars. Claudia Durst Johnson writes that "a greater volume of critical readings has been amassed by two legal scholars in law journals than by all the literary scholars in literary journals". The opening quote by the 19th-century essayist Charles Lamb reads: "Lawyers, I suppose, were children once." Johnson notes that even in Scout and Jem\'s childhood world, compromises and treaties are struck with each other by spitting on one\'s palm and laws are discussed by Atticus and his children: is it right that Bob Ewell hunts and traps out of season? Many social codes are broken by people in symbolic courtrooms: Mr. Dolphus Raymond has been exiled by society for taking a black woman as his common-law wife and having interracial children; Mayella Ewell is beaten by her father in punishment for kissing Tom Robinson; by being turned into a non-person, Boo Radley receives a punishment far greater than any court could have given him. Scout repeatedly breaks codes and laws and reacts to her punishment for them. For example, she refuses to wear frilly clothes, saying that Aunt Alexandra\'s "fanatical" attempts to place her in them made her feel "a pink cotton penitentiary closing in on [her]". Johnson states, "[t]he novel is a study of how Jem and Scout begin to perceive the complexity of social codes and how the configuration of relationships dictated by or set off by those codes fails or nurtures the inhabitants of (their) small worlds."', ' References to legal cases in To Kill a Mockingbird, predominantly outside of the courtroom, have drawn the interest of legal scholars. Claudia Durst Johnson writes that "a greater amount of critical readings has been amassed by two legal scholars in legal journals than by all literature critics in literature journals." The opening quote by the 19th-century essayist Charles Lamb reads: "Lawyers, I suspect, were once children." Johnson notes that in the childhood world of Scout and Jem, compromises and agreements are made by each other through shaking hands and laws are discussed between Atticus and his children: is it legal for Bob Ewell to hunt and capture game out of season? Many social rules are broken symbolically in courtrooms. Mr. Dolphus Raymond is ostracized by society for having a black woman as his common-law wife and children with her; Mayella Ewell is punished by her father for kissing Tom Robinson; through being made into a non-person, Boo Radley receives a punishment greater than what any court could give. Scout repeatedly breaks rules and reacts to her punishment for those infractions. For instance: she refuses to wear frilly clothes, stating that Alexandras "fanatical" attempts to dress her in those clothes make her feel like a pink cotton prison. Johnson states, "[t]he novel is a study of how Jem and Scout begin to understand the complexity of social rules and how the configuration of relationships through or because of those rules fails or nurtures the inhabitants of (their) small world."', 0.97509456, 1)
('Urban heat islands (UHI) are metropolitan areas with higher temperatures than that of the surrounding environment. The higher temperatures are a result of increased absorption of the Solar light by urban materials such as asphalt and concrete, which have lower albedos and higher heat capacities than those in the natural environment. A straightforward method of counteracting the UHI effect is to paint buildings and roads white and plant trees. Using these methods, a hypothetical "cool communities" program in Los Angeles has projected that urban temperatures could be reduced by approximately 3 °C at an estimated cost of US$1 billion, giving estimated total annual benefits of US$530 million from reduced air-conditioning costs and healthcare savings.', ' Urban heat islands (UHI) refer to metropolitan areas experiencing higher temperatures than their surroundings. This temperature increase is due to urban materials like asphalt and concrete, which have lower albedos and higher heat capacities than natural materials. A potential solution to mitigate the UHI effect is to paint buildings and roads white and plant trees. A hypothetical "cool communities" program in Los Angeles suggests that urban temperatures could be decreased by approximately 3 °C at an estimated cost of US$1 billion. The projected annual benefits include US$530 million from energy savings on air-conditioning and healthcare costs.', 0.97530717, 1)
('Because the universal acceptance of international laws which in 1948 defined and forbade genocide with the promulgation of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide (CPPCG), those criminals who were prosecuted after the war in international courts for taking part in the Holocaust were found guilty of crimes against humanity and other more specific crimes like murder. Nevertheless, the Holocaust is universally recognized to have been a genocide and the term, that had been coined the year before by Raphael Lemkin, appeared in the indictment of the 24 Nazi leaders, Count 3, which stated that all the defendants had "conducted deliberate and systematic genocide—namely, the extermination of racial and national groups..."', ' Due to the widespread acceptance of international laws that defined and prohibited genocide through the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide (CPPCG), which was ratified in 1948, criminals who were tried in international courts after the war for involvement in the Holocaust were convicted of crimes against humanity and more specific offenses such as murder. However, the Holocaust is universally acknowledged to have been a genocide, and the term, which had been coined the previous year by Raphael Lemkin, was included in the indictment of the 24 Nazi leaders. The indictment, Interim Indictment 3, stated that all the defendants had "conducted deliberate and systematic genocide—namely, the extermination of racial and national groups."', 0.97543764, 1)
('As children coming of age, Scout and Jem face hard realities and learn from them. Lee seems to examine Jem\'s sense of loss about how his neighbors have disappointed him more than Scout\'s. Jem says to their neighbor Miss Maudie the day after the trial, "It\'s like bein\' a caterpillar wrapped in a cocoon ... I always thought Maycomb folks were the best folks in the world, least that\'s what they seemed like". This leads him to struggle with understanding the separations of race and class. Just as the novel is an illustration of the changes Jem faces, it is also an exploration of the realities Scout must face as an atypical girl on the verge of womanhood. As one scholar writes, "To Kill a Mockingbird can be read as a feminist Bildungsroman, for Scout emerges from her childhood experiences with a clear sense of her place in her community and an awareness of her potential power as the woman she will one day be."', ' As children grow up, Scout and Jem have to come to terms with harsh realities. Lee delves into Jem\'s sense of loss, that his neighbors have let him down more than Scout. Jem shares his feelings with their neighbor Miss Maudie the day after the trial: "It\'s like being a caterpillar trapped in a cocoon ... I used to believe that Maycomb people were the finest in the world, at least that\'s what they appeared to be". This prompts him to grapple with the complexities of race and class. The novel mirrors the transformations Jem undergoes, and it also reveals the realities that Scout must confront as an unusual girl on the brink of womanhood. According to a particular scholar, "To Kill a Mockingbird" can also be interpreted as a feminist coming-of-age story, as Scout emerges from her childhood experiences with a clear sense of her role in her community and an understanding of her potential as the woman she will become.', 0.97559273, 1)
('Judge Taylor appoints Atticus to defend Tom Robinson, a black man who has been accused of raping a young white woman, Mayella Ewell. Although many of Maycomb\'s citizens disapprove, Atticus agrees to defend Tom to the best of his ability. Other children taunt Jem and Scout for Atticus\'s actions, calling him a "nigger-lover". Scout is tempted to stand up for her father\'s honor by fighting, even though he has told her not to. Atticus faces a group of men intent on lynching Tom. This danger is averted when Scout, Jem, and Dill shame the mob into dispersing by forcing them to view the situation from Atticus\' and Tom\'s points of view.', ' Judge Taylor designates Atticus to defend Tom Robinson, a black man accused of assaulting a young white woman, Mayella Ewell. Despite disapproval from many in Maycomb, Atticus chooses to represent Tom to the best of his ability. Children taunt Jem and Scout for Atticus\' actions, branding him a "nigger-lover." Scout ponders defending her father\'s honor by fighting, despite his admonitions. Atticus confronts a mob intent on lynching Tom. The lynching threat is averted when Scout, Jem, and Dill disperse the mob by making them consider the situation from Atticus and Tom\'s perspectives.', 0.9757086, 1)
("Highlighting the potential for state and non-state actors to commit genocide in the 21st century, for example, in failed states or as non-state actors acquire weapons of mass destruction, Adrian Gallagher defined genocide as 'When a source of collective power (usually a state) intentionally uses its power base to implement a process of destruction in order to destroy a group (as defined by the perpetrator), in whole or in substantial part, dependent upon relative group size'. The definition upholds the centrality of intent, the multidimensional understanding of destroy, broadens the definition of group identity beyond that of the 1948 definition yet argues that a substantial part of a group has to be destroyed before it can be classified as genocide (dependent on relative group size).", ' [The potential for governments and non-governments to commit genocide in the 21st century, for instance, in failed states or as non-governments acquire weapons of mass destruction, Adrian Gallagher defined genocide as: When a source of collective power (mostly a government) intentionally uses its power base to initiate a process of destruction in order to destroy a group (as defined by the perpetrator), in its entirety or in a substantial part, dependent upon relative group size. The definition retains the centrality of intent, broadens the definition of group identity beyond that of 1948, but argues that a substantial part of a group must be destroyed before it can be classified as genocide (dependent on relative group size).]', 0.9759767, 1)
("Ganondorf then revives, and Midna teleports Link and Zelda outside the castle so she can hold him off with the Fused Shadows. However, as Hyrule Castle collapses, it is revealed that Ganondorf was victorious as he crushes Midna's helmet. Ganondorf engages Link on horseback, and, assisted by Zelda and the Light Spirits, Link eventually knocks Ganondorf off his horse and they duel on foot before Link strikes down Ganondorf and plunges the Master Sword into his chest. With Ganondorf dead, the Light Spirits not only bring Midna back to life, but restore her to her true form. After bidding farewell to Link and Zelda, Midna returns home before destroying the Mirror of Twilight with a tear to maintain balance between Hyrule and the Twilight Realm. Near the end, as Hyrule Castle is rebuilt, Link is shown leaving Ordon Village heading to parts unknown.", " Ganondorf recovers and teleports Link and Zelda outside the castle to prevent them from using the Fused Shadows against him. But when Hyrule Castle collapses, it becomes clear that Ganondorf has won by shattering Midna's helmet. Ganondorf rides against Link to battle, and with the help of Zelda and the Light Spirits, Link eventually emerges victorious and knocks Ganondorf off his horse. Then Link engages Ganondorf in hand-to-hand combat and manages to stab him and plunge the Master Sword into his chest. After Ganondorf's death, the Light Spirits revive Midna and restore her to her true form. After bidding farewell to Link and Zelda, Midna returns home before shattering the Mirror of Twilight with tears to maintain the balance between Hyrule and the Twilight Kingdom. In the epilogue, when Hyrule Castle is rebuilt, Link is shown leaving Ordon Village to explore unknown lands.", 0.97606695, 1)
('In late summer he was invited by Jane Stirling to visit Scotland, where he stayed at Calder House near Edinburgh and at Johnstone Castle in Renfrewshire, both owned by members of Stirling\'s family. She clearly had a notion of going beyond mere friendship, and Chopin was obliged to make it clear to her that this could not be so. He wrote at this time to Grzymała "My Scottish ladies are kind, but such bores", and responding to a rumour about his involvement, answered that he was "closer to the grave than the nuptial bed." He gave a public concert in Glasgow on 27 September, and another in Edinburgh, at the Hopetoun Rooms on Queen Street (now Erskine House) on 4 October. In late October 1848, while staying at 10 Warriston Crescent in Edinburgh with the Polish physician Adam Łyszczyński, he wrote out his last will and testament—"a kind of disposition to be made of my stuff in the future, if I should drop dead somewhere", he wrote to Grzymała.', ' In the late summer, he received an invitation from Jane Stirling to visit Scotland, where he stayed at Calder House in Edinburgh and Johnstone Castle in Renfrewshire, both owned by members of the Stirling family. She clearly had a notion of transitioning from simple friendship, and Chopin was obliged to make it clear to her that this was not possible. He wrote to Grzymała at the time: "My Scottish ladies are proper, but not to my liking", and responded to a rumor about his involvement with: "I am closer to the graveyard than to the marriage bed". He gave an open concert in Glasgow on September 27 and another in Edinburgh, in the Hopetoun Rooms at Queen Street (now Erskine House) on October 4. In the late autumn of 1848, during his stay at 10 Warriston Crescent in Edinburgh with the Polish doctor Adam Łyszczyński, he wrote his last will and testament—"a kind of disposition to arrange my things in the future if I am anything but alive", he wrote to Grzymała.', 0.97618276, 1)
('Four boarders at his parents\' apartments became Chopin\'s intimates: Tytus Woyciechowski, Jan Nepomucen Białobłocki, Jan Matuszyński and Julian Fontana; the latter two would become part of his Paris milieu. He was friendly with members of Warsaw\'s young artistic and intellectual world, including Fontana, Józef Bohdan Zaleski and Stefan Witwicki. He was also attracted to the singing student Konstancja Gładkowska. In letters to Woyciechowski, he indicated which of his works, and even which of their passages, were influenced by his fascination with her; his letter of 15 May 1830 revealed that the slow movement (Larghetto) of his Piano Concerto No. 1 (in E minor) was secretly dedicated to her – "It should be like dreaming in beautiful springtime – by moonlight." His final Conservatory report (July 1829) read: "Chopin F., third-year student, exceptional talent, musical genius."', ' Four rentiers in his parents\' apartments were Chopin\'s intimates: Tytus Woyciechowski, Jan Nepomucen Białobłocki, Jan Matuszyński, and Julian Fontana; the last two were part of his Parisian circle. He was friends with members of Warsaw\'s young artistic and intellectual world, including Fontana, Józef Bohdan Zaleski, and Stefan Witwicki. He was also attracted to the singing student Konstancja Gładkowska. Letters to Woyciechowski revealed which of his works, and even which passages, were influenced by his relationship with her; a letter from May 15, 1830, revealed that the slow movement (Larghetto) of his Piano Concerto No. 1 (in E minor) was mysteriously dedicated to her – "it must be like dreams in beautiful springtime – under the moon." His last report from the Conservatory (July 1829): "Chopin F., third-year student, extraordinary talent, musical genius."', 0.9763248, 1)
('The Zipingpu Hydropower Plant (simplified Chinese: 紫坪铺水库; traditional Chinese: 紫坪鋪水庫) located 20 km east of the epicenter was damaged. A recent inspection indicated that the damage was less severe than initially feared, and it remains structurally stable and safe. The Tulong reservoir upstream is in danger of collapse. About 2,000 troops have been allocated to Zipingpu, trying to release the pressure through spillway. In total, 391 dams, most of them small, were reported damaged by the quake.', ' The Zipingpu Hydropower Plant, located approximately 20 km east of the epicenter, sustained damage. A recent inspection revealed that the damage was less severe than initially anticipated, and the plant remains structurally sound and safe. However, the Tulong reservoir upstream is at risk of collapsing. Approximately 3,000 soldiers have been deployed to Zipingpu to alleviate pressure through the spillway. In total, 391 dams, the majority of which are small, were reported damaged by the quake.', 0.9764485, 1)
('The successful outcome of antimicrobial therapy with antibacterial compounds depends on several factors. These include host defense mechanisms, the location of infection, and the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties of the antibacterial. A bactericidal activity of antibacterials may depend on the bacterial growth phase, and it often requires ongoing metabolic activity and division of bacterial cells. These findings are based on laboratory studies, and in clinical settings have also been shown to eliminate bacterial infection. Since the activity of antibacterials depends frequently on its concentration, in vitro characterization of antibacterial activity commonly includes the determination of the minimum inhibitory concentration and minimum bactericidal concentration of an antibacterial. To predict clinical outcome, the antimicrobial activity of an antibacterial is usually combined with its pharmacokinetic profile, and several pharmacological parameters are used as markers of drug efficacy.', " The successful outcome of an antimicrobial healing with antibacterial substances depends on various factors. These include the host's immune mechanisms, the location of the infection, and the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties of the antibacterial. The bactericidal effect of antibacterials can depend on the bacterial growth phase, and often requires continuous metabolism and cell division of bacterial cells. These findings are based on laboratory studies, and they have also been shown to be effective in clinical situations for eliminating bacterial infections. Since the activity of antibacterials often depends on its concentration, the antibacterial activity in vitro is often determined by determining the minimum inhibitory concentration and minimum bactericidal concentration of an antibacterial agent. To predict clinical outcome, the antibacterial activity of an antibacterial is usually combined with its pharmacokinetic profile, and various pharmacological parameters are used as markers for drug efficacy.", 0.9765049, 1)
("In 2010, there were concerns among Tajik officials that Islamic militarism in the east of the country was on the rise following the escape of 25 militants from a Tajik prison in August, an ambush that killed 28 Tajik soldiers in the Rasht Valley in September, and another ambush in the valley in October that killed 30 soldiers, followed by fighting outside Gharm that left 3 militants dead. To date the country's Interior Ministry asserts that the central government maintains full control over the country's east, and the military operation in the Rasht Valley was concluded in November 2010. However, fighting erupted again in July 2012. In 2015 Russia will send more troops to Tajikistan, as confirmed by a report of STRATFOR (magazine online)", ' In 2010, among Tajik officials there were concerns about the rising Islamic militantism in the eastern part of the country following the escape of 25 militants from a Tajik prison in August, an attack that killed 28 Tajik soldiers in the Rasht-valley in September, and another attack in the valley in October that cost the lives of 30 soldiers, followed by fights outside Gharm that resulted in the deaths of three military personnel. To this day, the Tajik Interior Ministry claims that the central government has full control over the eastern part of the country, and the military operation in the Rasht-valley in November 2010 was completed. However, fighting broke out again in July 2012. According to a STRATFOR (online magazine) report, Russia will send more troops to Tajikistan in 2015.', 0.97651356, 1)
('Chen Qingying, Professor of History and Director of the History Studies Institute under the China Tibetology Research Center in Beijing, writes that the Ming court conferred new official positions on ex-Yuan Tibetan leaders of the Phachu Kargyu and granted them lower-ranking positions. Of the county (zong or dzong) leaders of Neiwo Zong and Renbam Zong, Chen states that when "the Emperor learned the actual situation of the Phachu Kargyu, the Ming court then appointed the main Zong leaders to be senior officers of the Senior Command of Dbus and Gtsang." The official posts that the Ming court established in Tibet, such as senior and junior commanders, offices of Qianhu (in charge of 1,000 households), and offices of Wanhu (in charge of 10,000 households), were all hereditary positions according to Chen, but he asserts that "the succession of some important posts still had to be approved by the emperor," while old imperial mandates had to be returned to the Ming court for renewal.', ' Chen Qingying, a professor of history and director of the Tibetan Studies Institute under the China Tibetology Research Center in Beijing, writes that the Ming court granted new official positions to former Tibetan leaders of Phachu Kargyu and assigned them lower-ranking positions. According to Chen, the county (zong or dzong) leaders of Neiwo Zong and Renbam Zong were appointed as senior officers of the Senior Command of U and Tsang when "the Emperor became aware of the true situation of Phachu Kargyu." The official positions that the Ming court established in Tibet, including senior and junior commanders, offices of Qianhu (responsible for 1,000 households), and offices of Wanhu (responsible for 10,000 households), were hereditary positions, but Chen notes that "the succession of some important posts required imperial approval," and old imperial mandates had to be returned to the Ming court for renewal.', 0.9765167, 1)
('Since the 1980s it has become common for social and cultural anthropologists to set ethnographic research in the North Atlantic region, frequently examining the connections between locations rather than limiting research to a single locale. There has also been a related shift toward broadening the focus beyond the daily life of ordinary people; increasingly, research is set in settings such as scientific laboratories, social movements, governmental and nongovernmental organizations and businesses.', ' Since the 1980s, it has become common practice for social and cultural anthropologists to conduct ethnographic research in the North Atlantic region, often studying connections between locations rather than limiting research to one location. There is also a related shift towards expanding the focus to environments as scientific laboratories, social movements, government and non-government organizations, and businesses.', 0.97657883, 1)
("To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel by Harper Lee published in 1960. It was immediately successful, winning the Pulitzer Prize, and has become a classic of modern American literature. The plot and characters are loosely based on the author's observations of her family and neighbors, as well as on an event that occurred near her hometown in 1936, when she was 10 years old.", " [To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel by Harper Lee, published in 1960. It was an immediate success, winning the Pulitzer Prize, and has become a classic of modern American literature. The plot and characters are loosely based on the author's observations of her family and neighbors, as well as on an event that occurred near her hometown in 1936, when she was 10 years old].Translation: [To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel by Harper Lee, published in 1960. It was an instant success, winning the Pulitzer Prize, and has since become a classic of modern American literature. The story and characters are inspired by the author's observations of her family, neighbors, and an event that took place near her hometown in 1936, when she was ten years old].", 0.97659135, 1)
('The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year. The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL.M.) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees. This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees. Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education. Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M.Div.) program also exists. All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies. The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs. The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs. It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program. Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years.', ' The university offered postgraduate studies for the first time, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the academic year 1854-1855. The program grew to include Master of Laws (LL.M.) and Master of Civil Engineering, before formal postgraduate studies developed with a required thesis to receive degrees. This changed in 1924 with the development of formal requirements for postgraduate studies, including the offering of Doctorate (PhD) degrees. Today, each of the five colleges offers postgraduate studies. Most departments in the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, as well as a professional Master of Divinity (M.Div.) program. All departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies. The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each department in the College of Engineering offers PhD programs. The College of Business offers several professional programs, including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs. The college also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program. Furthermore, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary, middle, and high schools in the Southern United States for two school years.', 0.9766519, 1)
('In 2010, a number of workers committed suicide at a Foxconn operations in China. Apple, HP, and others stated that they were investigating the situation. Foxconn guards have been videotaped beating employees. Another employee killed himself in 2009 when an Apple prototype went missing, and claimed in messages to friends, that he had been beaten and interrogated.', ' In 2010, some employees committed suicide at a Foxconn location in China. Apple, HP and others investigated the situation. Foxconn guards were recorded on video abusing workers. Another employee committed suicide in 2009 when an Apple prototype had gone missing, and wrote messages to friends that he had been mistreated and interrogated.', 0.9767461, 1)
("In 2009 Tajikistan had 26 airports, 18 of which had paved runways, of which two had runways longer than 3,000 meters. The country's main airport is Dushanbe International Airport which as of April 2015, had regularly scheduled flights to major cities in Russia, Central Asia, as well as Delhi, Dubai, Frankfurt, Istanbul, Kabul, Tehran, and Ürümqi amongst others. There are also international flights, mainly to Russia, from Khujand Airport in the northern part of the country as well as limited international services from Kulob Airport, and Qurghonteppa International Airport. Khorog Airport is a domestic airport and also the only airport in the sparsely populated eastern half of the country.", ' In 2009, Tajikistan had 26 airports, 18 of which had paved runways, with two being longer than 3,000 meters. The nationally significant airport is Dushanbe International Airport, which had regular flights to major cities in Russia, Central Asia, Delhi, Dubai, Frankfurt, Istanbul, Kabul, Teheran and Ürümqi and so on. International flights, mainly to Russia, also take place at Khujand Airport in the northern part of the country, as well as limited international services from Kulob Airport and Qurghonteppa International Airport. Khorog Airport is a domestic airport and the only airport in the sparsely populated eastern part of the country.', 0.9768233, 1)
('Rawski writes that Altan Khan\'s conversion to the Gelug "can be interpreted as an attempt to expand his authority in his conflict with his nominal superior, Tümen Khan." To further cement the Mongol-Tibetan alliance, the great-grandson of Altan Khan—the 4th Dalai Lama (1589–1616)—was made the fourth Dalai Lama. In 1642, the 5th Dalai Lama (1617–1682) became the first to wield effective political control over Tibet.', " According to Rawski, Altan Khan's conversion to Gelug in 1589–1616 can be seen as an attempt to expand his authority in his conflict with his nominal superior, Tümen Khan. To further solidify the Mongol-Tibetan alliance, the great-grandson of Altan Khan was made the 4th Dalai Lama. In 1642, the 5th Dalai Lama became the first to wield effective political control over Tibet.", 0.976962, 1)
("When an ally of the Ü-Tsang ruler threatened destruction of the Gelugpas again, the fifth Dalai Lama Lozang Gyatso pleaded for help from the Mongol prince Güshi Khan (1582–1655), leader of the Khoshut (Qoshot) tribe of the Oirat Mongols, who was then on a pilgrimage to Lhasa. Güshi Khan accepted his role as protector, and from 1637–1640 he not only defeated the Gelugpas' enemies in the Amdo and Kham regions, but also resettled his entire tribe into Amdo. Sonam Chöpel urged Güshi Khan to assault the Ü-Tsang king's homebase of Shigatse, which Güshi Khan agreed upon, enlisting the aid of Gelug monks and supporters. In 1642, after a year's siege of Shigatse, the Ü-Tsang forces surrendered. Güshi Khan then captured and summarily executed Karma Tenkyong, the ruler of Ü-Tsang, King of Tibet.", ' When a vassal of the ruler of Ü-Tsang threatened a new destruction of the Gelugpas, the fifth Dalai Lama, Lozang Gyatso (1575-1617), called for help from the Mongolian prince Güshi Khan (1582-1655) of the Khoshut (Qoshot) tribe of the Oirat Mongols, who was then on pilgrimage in Lhasa. Güshi Khan took on the role of protector, and from 1637-1640, he defeated the enemies of the Gelugpas in the regions of Amdo and Kham, and settled his entire tribe in Amdo. Sonam Chöpel convinced Güshi Khan to attack the base of the ruler of Ü-Tsang, Shigatse, which Güshi Khan agreed to, and he asked for the help of Gelug monks and followers. In 1642, after a year-long siege of Shigatse, the troops of Ü-Tsang surrendered. Güshi Khan then immediately executed Karma Tenkyong, the ruler of Ü-Tsang, King of Tibet.', 0.97697544, 1)
('Geography effects solar energy potential because areas that are closer to the equator have a greater amount of solar radiation. However, the use of photovoltaics that can follow the position of the sun can significantly increase the solar energy potential in areas that are farther from the equator. Time variation effects the potential of solar energy because during the nighttime there is little solar radiation on the surface of the Earth for solar panels to absorb. This limits the amount of energy that solar panels can absorb in one day. Cloud cover can effect the potential of solar panels because clouds block incoming light from the sun and reduce the light available for solar cells.', " The geography influences the solar energy potential as areas closer to the equator receive more solar radiation. However, photovoltaic panels that track the sun's position can significantly increase solar energy potential in areas farther from the equator. Time variations affect solar energy potential since there is little solar radiation on Earth's surface for solar panels to absorb during nighttime, limiting the energy panels can absorb in a day. Cloud cover can impact solar panel potential by blocking sunlight and reducing the light available for solar cells.", 0.97701055, 1)
('Shih-Shan Henry Tsai writes that the Yongle Emperor sent his eunuch Yang Sanbao into Tibet in 1413 to gain the allegiance of various Tibetan princes, while the Yongle Emperor paid a small fortune in return gifts for tributes in order to maintain the loyalty of neighboring vassal states such as Nepal and Tibet. However, Van Praag states that Tibetan rulers upheld their own separate relations with the kingdoms of Nepal and Kashmir, and at times "engaged in armed confrontation with them."', ' Shih-Shan Henry Tsai writes that in 1413, the Yongle Emperor sent his eunuch Yang Sanbao to Tibet to win the alliance of various Tibetan princes. Simultaneously, the Yongle Emperor returned a small fortune as thank-offerings for taxes from surrounding feudal states like Nepal and Tibet. However, Prague claims that Tibetan rulers maintained their own separate relationships with the kingdoms of Nepal and Kashmir, and sometimes "engaged in armed confrontations with them".', 0.97702867, 1)
('Portugal lost much of its wealth and status with the destruction of Lisbon in a 1755 earthquake, occupation during the Napoleonic Wars, and the independence of Brazil, its wealthiest colony, in 1822. After the 1910 revolution deposed the monarchy, the democratic but unstable Portuguese First Republic was established, later being superseded by the "Estado Novo" right-wing authoritarian regime. Democracy was restored after the Portuguese Colonial War and the Carnation Revolution in 1974. Shortly after, independence was granted to all its colonies, with the exception of Macau, which was handed over to China in 1999. This marked the end of the longest-lived European colonial empire, leaving a profound cultural and architectural influence across the globe and a legacy of over 250 million Portuguese speakers today.', ' Portugal suffered significant losses in wealth and power due to the 1755 Lisbon earthquake, Napoleonic Wars occupation, and Brazil\'s independence in 1822. After the 1910 revolution overthrew the monarchy, the democratic and unstable Portuguese First Republic was established, which was later replaced by the "Estado Novo" right-wing authoritarian regime. Democracy was reinstated following the Portuguese Colonial War and the Carnation Revolution in 1974. Subsequently, all colonies gained independence, except for Macau, which was returned to China in 1999. This marked the end of the longest-lasting European colonial empire, leaving a profound cultural and architectural impact worldwide and a Portuguese-speaking population of over 250 million today.', 0.9773853, 1)
('An article in Science suggested that the construction and filling of the Zipingpu Dam may have triggered the earthquake. The chief engineer of the Sichuan Geology and Mineral Bureau said that the sudden shift of a huge quantity of water into the region could have relaxed the tension between the two sides of the fault, allowing them to move apart, and could have increased the direct pressure on it, causing a violent rupture. The effect was "25 times more" than a year\'s worth of natural stress from tectonic movement. The government had disregarded warnings about so many large-scale dam projects in a seismically active area. Researchers have been denied access to seismological and geological data to examine the cause of the quake further.', ' An article in Science estimated that the building and impounding of the Zipingpu Dam may have caused the earthquake. The chief engineer of the Sichuan Geology and Mineral Bureau stated that the sudden movement of a large amount of water in the region could have reduced the tension between the two sides of the fault, enabling them to move apart, and could have significantly increased the pressure on it, leading to a violent fracture. The impact was "25 times greater" than the annual natural stress effect from tectonic movement. The government disregarded warnings about such large-scale dam projects in a seismically active area. Researchers have been denied access to seismological and geological data to investigate the cause of the quake further.', 0.9773892, 1)
('The Pamiri people of Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province in the southeast, bordering Afghanistan and China, though considered part of the Tajik ethnicity, nevertheless are distinct linguistically and culturally from most Tajiks. In contrast to the mostly Sunni Muslim residents of the rest of Tajikistan, the Pamiris overwhelmingly follow the Ismaili sect of Islam, and speak a number of Eastern Iranian languages, including Shughni, Rushani, Khufi and Wakhi. Isolated in the highest parts of the Pamir Mountains, they have preserved many ancient cultural traditions and folk arts that have been largely lost elsewhere in the country.', " The Pamiri people, residing in the autonomous province Gorno-Badakhshan in the southeast, sharing a border with Afghanistan and China, are ethnically Tajiks but linguistically and culturally distinct from most Tajiks. In contrast, the majority of Tajikistan's population practices Sunni Islam. However, the Pamiris predominantly adhere to the Ismaili sect of Islam. They speak several Eastern Iranian languages, including Shughni, Rushani, Khufi, and Wakhi. Isolated in the highest parts of the Pamir Mountains, they have preserved many ancient cultural traditions and folk arts that have largely been lost elsewhere in the country.", 0.9775189, 1)
('Nevertheless, the ethno-geographic caste hierarchy favoring the Mongols and other ethnicities were accorded higher status than the Han Chinese majority. Although Han Chinese who were recruited as advisers were often actually more influential than high officials, their status was not as well defined. Kublai also abolished the imperial examinations of China\'s civil service legacy, which was not reinstated until Ayurbarwada Buyantu Khan\'s reign (1311–1320). Rossabi writes that Kublai recognized that in order to rule China, "he had to employ Chinese advisors and officials, yet he could not rely totally on Chinese advisers because he had to maintain a delicate balancing act between ruling the sedentary civilization of China and preserving the cultural identity and values of the Mongols." And "in governing China, he was concerned with the interests of his Chinese subjects, but also with exploiting the resources of the empire for his own aggrandizement. His motivations and objectives alternated from one to the other throughout his reign," according to Rossabi. Van Praag writes in The Status of Tibet that the Tibetans and Mongols, on the other hand, upheld a dual system of rule and an interdependent relationship that legitimated the succession of Mongol khans as universal Buddhist rulers, or chakravartin. Van Praag writes that "Tibet remained a unique part of the Empire and was never fully integrated into it," citing examples such as a licensed border market that existed between China and Tibet during the Yuan.', ' Despite the ethno-geographical hierarchy, Mongols and other ethnicities held higher status than the Han-Chinese majority. Han-Chinese, who were often recruited as advisors, actually had more influence than high-ranking officials, but their status was not clearly defined. Kublai abolished the imperial examinations of China\'s civil service tradition, which were not restored until the reign of Ayurbarwada Buyantu Khan (1311–1320). Rossabi writes that Kublai was able to rule China because he had to hire Chinese advisors and officials, but he could not fully trust them because he had to preserve the culture of the sedentary civilization of China and maintain that of the Mongols. In the administration of China, he was concerned for the interests of his Chinese subjects, but also for exploiting the wealth of the empire for his own elevation, according to Rossabi. Van Praag writes in The Status of Tibet that the Tibetans and Mongols maintained a dual form of government and a dependent relationship, which legitimized the succession of Mongol khans as universal Buddhist rulers, or chakravartin. Van Praag writes that "Tibet remained a unique part of the Empire and was never fully integrated into the same," with an acknowledged border market between China and Tibet during the Yuan.', 0.97778547, 1)
('The central government estimates that over 7,000 inadequately engineered schoolrooms collapsed in the earthquake. Chinese citizens have since invented a catch phrase: "tofu-dregs schoolhouses" (Chinese: 豆腐渣校舍), to mock both the quality and the quantity of these inferior constructions that killed so many school children. Due to the one-child policy, many families lost their only child when schools in the region collapsed during the earthquake. Consequently, Sichuan provincial and local officials have lifted the restriction for families whose only child was either killed or severely injured in the disaster. So-called "illegal children" under 18 years of age may be registered as legal replacements for their dead siblings; if the dead child was illegal, no further outstanding fines would apply. Reimbursement would not, however, be offered for fines that were already levied.', ' The central government estimated that more than 7,000 inadequately designed school buildings collapsed during the earthquake. Chinese civility came up with a derisive expression for these inferior constructs: "tofu hut schools" (Chinese: 豆腐渣校舍), to mock both the quality and quantity of these substandard structures that cost so many schoolchildren their lives. Due to the one-child policy, many families lost their only child when schools in the region collapsed during the earthquake. Therefore, the officials of Sichuan and local governments have abolished the policy for families whose only child was killed or seriously injured in the disaster. So-called "unofficial children" under the age of 18 can register as legal representatives for their deceased brothers or sisters; however, there will be no refund for previously paid fines.', 0.9777889, 0)
("Chopin made his last public appearance on a concert platform at London's Guildhall on 16 November 1848, when, in a final patriotic gesture, he played for the benefit of Polish refugees. By this time he was very seriously ill, weighing under 99 pounds (i.e. less than 45 kg), and his doctors were aware that his sickness was at a terminal stage.", " Chopin made his last public appearance on a concert platform at London's Guildhall on 16 November 1848. In a final patriotic gesture, he played for the benefit of Polish refugees. By this time, he weighed under 99 pounds (i.e. less than 45 kg), and his doctors were aware that his sickness was at a terminal stage.", 0.977837, 1)
('The earthquake also provided opportunities for researchers to retrofit data in order to model future earthquake predictions. Using data from the Intermagnet Lanzhou geomagnetic observatory, geologists Lazo Pekevski from the Ss. Cyril and Methodius University of Skopje in Macedonia and Strachimir Mavrodiev from the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences attempted to establish a "time prediction method" through collecting statistics on geomagnetism with tidal gravitational potential. Using this method, they were said to have predicted the time of the 2008 Sichuan earthquake with an accuracy of ±1 day. The same study, however, acknowledges the limitation of earthquake prediction models, and does not mention that the location of the quake could be accurately predicted.', ' The earthquake provided opportunities for researchers to retrofit data for modeling future earthquake predictions. Using data from the Intermagnet Lanzhou geomagnetic observatory, geologists Lazo Pekevski from the Ss. Cyril and Methodius University of Skopje in Macedonia and Strachimir Mavrodiev from the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences attempted to develop a "time prediction method" by collecting statistics on geomagnetism with tidal gravitational potential. With this method, they claimed to have predicted the date of the 2008 Sichuan earthquake with an accuracy of ±1 day. However, the same study acknowledges the limitations of earthquake prediction models and does not mention that the location of the quake was accurately predicted.', 0.9780908, 1)
('In June 1837 Chopin visited London incognito in the company of the piano manufacturer Camille Pleyel where he played at a musical soirée at the house of English piano maker James Broadwood. On his return to Paris, his association with Sand began in earnest, and by the end of June 1838 they had become lovers. Sand, who was six years older than the composer, and who had had a series of lovers, wrote at this time: "I must say I was confused and amazed at the effect this little creature had on me ... I have still not recovered from my astonishment, and if I were a proud person I should be feeling humiliated at having been carried away ..." The two spent a miserable winter on Majorca (8 November 1838 to 13 February 1839), where, together with Sand\'s two children, they had journeyed in the hope of improving the health of Chopin and that of Sand\'s 15-year-old son Maurice, and also to escape the threats of Sand\'s former lover Félicien Mallefille. After discovering that the couple were not married, the deeply traditional Catholic people of Majorca became inhospitable, making accommodation difficult to find. This compelled the group to take lodgings in a former Carthusian monastery in Valldemossa, which gave little shelter from the cold winter weather.', ' In June 1837, Chopin visited London incognito with the piano manufacturer Camille Pleyel. He played during a music soirée at the English piano manufacturer James Broadwood\'s house. Upon his return to Paris, his relationship with Sand actually began in June 1838. Sand, who was six years older than the composer and had a series of lovers, wrote at the time: "I must admit that I was bewildered and astonished by the effect this little creature had on me ... I am still not recovered from my astonishment, and if I were a proud person, I would feel embarrassed to let myself be dominated ..." The couple spent a miserable winter on Majorca (from November 8, 1838 to February 13, 1839), where they had traveled with Sand\'s two children in the hope of improving Chopin\'s and Sand\'s 15-year-old son Maurice\'s health and to escape the threats of Sand\'s former lover Félicien Mallefille. When it was discovered that the couple was not married, the traditional Catholics of Majorca were scandalized, making it difficult for them to find shelter. This forced the company to take lodgings in a former Carthusian monastery in Valldemossa, which offered little protection against the cold winter weather.', 0.9781118, 1)
('The Bey Hive is the name given to Beyoncé\'s fan base. Fans were previously titled "The Beyontourage", (a portmanteau of Beyoncé and entourage). The name Bey Hive derives from the word beehive, purposely misspelled to resemble her first name, and was penned by fans after petitions on the online social networking service Twitter and online news reports during competitions.', ' The Bey Hive is the name given to Beyoncé\'s fan base. Fans were previously called "The Beyontourage" (a portmanteau of Beyoncé and entourage). The name Bey Hive comes from the word beehive, deliberately misspelled to resemble her first name, and was coined by fans through petitions on the online social networking service Twitter and online news reports during competitions.However, since you have only provided the context of the text and not the actual text itself, I will assume that the text you have provided is an accurate representation of what you want translated. If there are any differences between the context and the actual text, please let me know so I can adjust the translation accordingly.Translation: The Bey Hive is the name given to Beyoncé\'s fan base. Fans were previously known as "The Beyontourage," a portmanteau of Beyoncé and entourage. The name Bey Hive originated from the word beehive, intentionally misspelled to resemble her first name, and was coined by fans through petitions on Twitter and online news reports during competitions.', 0.9781188, 1)
("On August 24, 2006, Apple and Creative announced a broad settlement to end their legal disputes. Apple will pay Creative US$100 million for a paid-up license, to use Creative's awarded patent in all Apple products. As part of the agreement, Apple will recoup part of its payment, if Creative is successful in licensing the patent. Creative then announced its intention to produce iPod accessories by joining the Made for iPod program.", " On August 24, 2006, Apple and Creative reached a comprehensive settlement to resolve their legal disputes. Apple will pay Creative $100 million for a perpetual license, allowing Apple to use Creative's patented technology in all of its products. As part of the deal, Apple will receive a portion of its payment back if Creative successfully licenses the patent to other companies. Furthermore, Creative declared its plans to manufacture iPod accessories by joining the Made for iPod program and supplying Apple with these products.", 0.97840464, 1)
('Antibiotics revolutionized medicine in the 20th century, and have together with vaccination led to the near eradication of diseases such as tuberculosis in the developed world. Their effectiveness and easy access led to overuse, especially in livestock raising, prompting bacteria to develop resistance. This has led to widespread problems with antimicrobial and antibiotic resistance, so much as to prompt the World Health Organization to classify antimicrobial resistance as a "serious threat [that] is no longer a prediction for the future, it is happening right now in every region of the world and has the potential to affect anyone, of any age, in any country".', ' Antibiotics revolutionized medicine in the 20th century, and together with vaccinations have almost completely eradicated diseases such as tuberculosis in developed countries. Their effectiveness and easy availability led to overuse, especially in livestock farming, causing bacteria to develop resistance. This has resulted in widespread problems with antimicrobial and antibiotic resistance. The World Health Organization classes antimicrobial resistance as a "serious threat that is no longer a prediction for the future, it is happening right now in every region of the world and has the potential to affect anyone, of any age, in any country".', 0.97841895, 1)
("Although the Chinese government was initially praised for its response to the quake (especially in comparison to Myanmar's ruling military junta's blockade of aid during Cyclone Nargis), it then saw an erosion in confidence over the school construction scandal.", " Although the Chinese government was initially praised for its response to the earthquake, particularly in comparison to Myanmar's ruling military junta's aid blockade during Cyclone Nargis, it later saw a decline in confidence due to the school construction scandal.", 0.97841924, 1)
('Exposure to antibiotics early in life is associated with increased body mass in humans and mouse models. Early life is a critical period for the establishment of the intestinal microbiota and for metabolic development. Mice exposed to subtherapeutic antibiotic treatment (STAT)– with either penicillin, vancomycin, penicillin and vancomycin, or chlortetracycline had altered composition of the gut microbiota as well as its metabolic capabilities. Moreover, research have shown that mice given low-dose penicillin (1 μg/g body weight) around birth and throughout the weaning process had an increased body mass and fat mass, accelerated growth, and increased hepatic expression of genes involved in adipogenesis, compared to controlled mice. In addition, penicillin in combination with a high-fat diet increased fasting insulin levels in mice. However, it is unclear whether or not antibiotics cause obesity in humans. Studies have found a correlation between early exposure of antibiotics (<6 months) and increased body mass (at 10 and 20 months). Another study found that the type of antibiotic exposure was also significant with the highest risk of being overweight in those given macrolides compared to penicillin and cephalosporin. Therefore, there is correlation between antibiotic exposure in early life and obesity in humans, but whether or not there is a causal relationship remains unclear. Although there is a correlation between antibiotic use in early life and obesity, the effect of antibiotics on obesity in humans needs to be weighed against the beneficial effects of clinically indicated treatment with antibiotics in infancy.', ' Exposure to antibiotics during early life is linked to increased body mass in humans and mouse models. Early life is a crucial phase for the development of the intestinal microbiota and metabolism. Mice exposed to subtherapeutic antibiotic treatment with penicillin, vancomycin, penicillin and vancomycin, or chlortetracycline displayed altered gut microbiota composition and metabolic capabilities. Additionally, mice given low-dose penicillin (1 μg/g body weight) around birth and throughout weaning had increased body mass and fat mass, faster growth, and heightened hepatic expression of adipogenesis genes, compared to control mice. Moreover, penicillin combined with a high-fat diet led to increased fasting insulin levels in mice. However, it is uncertain if antibiotics cause obesity in humans. Studies have identified a correlation between early antibiotic exposure (<6 months) and increased body mass (at 10 and 20 months). Another study revealed that the type of antibiotic exposure was also significant, with the highest risk of being overweight in those given macrolides compared to penicillin and cephalosporins. Thus, there is a correlation between antibiotic exposure in early life and obesity in humans, but the causal relationship is unclear.Despite the correlation between antibiotic use in early life and obesity, the benefits of clinically indicated antibiotic treatment in infancy should be weighed against this potential risk.', 0.9784283, 1)
("Tibet was once a strong power contemporaneous with Tang China (618–907). Until the Tibetan Empire's collapse in the 9th century, it was the Tang's major rival in dominating Inner Asia. The Yarlung rulers of Tibet also signed various peace treaties with the Tang, culminating in a treaty in 821 that fixed the borders between Tibet and China.", "Tibet was once a powerful entity contemporaneous with Tang China (618-907). Until the collapse of the Tibetan Empires in the 9th century, Tibet was the Tangs major rival in dominating Inner Asia. The Yarlung rulers of Tibet also signed various peace treaties with the Tang, culminating in a treaty in 821 that fixed the borders between Tibet and China.Translation:Tibet was a powerful entity during the Tang Dynasty (618-907). Before the fall of the Tibetan Empires in the 9th century, Tibet was Tang China's main rival in controlling Inner Asia. The Yarlung rulers of Tibet entered into several peace agreements with the Tang, culminating in a treaty in 821 that established the borders between Tibet and China.", 0.9784863, 1)
('Administratively, Portugal is divided into 308 municipalities (Portuguese: municípios or concelhos), which after a reform in 2013 are subdivided into 3,092 civil parishes (Portuguese: freguesia). Operationally, the municipality and civil parish, along with the national government, are the only legally identifiable local administrative units identified by the government of Portugal (for example, cities, towns or villages have no standing in law, although may be used as catchment for the defining services). For statistical purposes the Portuguese government also identifies NUTS, inter-municipal communities and informally, the district system, used until European integration (and being phased-out by the national government).[original research?] Continental Portugal is agglomerated into 18 districts, while the archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira are governed as autonomous regions; the largest units, established since 1976, are either mainland Portugal (Portuguese: Portugal Continental) and the autonomous regions of Portugal (Azores and Madeira).', ' Administratively, Portugal is divided into 308 municipalities (Portuguese: municípios or concelhos), which after a reform in 2013 are subdivided into 3,092 civil parishes (Portuguese: freguesia). Operatively, the municipality and civil parish, along with the national government, are the only legally identifiable local administrative units identified by the government of Portugal. For statistical purposes the Portuguese government also identifies NUTS, inter-municipal communities and informally, the district system, used until European integration (and being phased-out by the national government). Continental Portugal is agglomerated into 18 districts, while the archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira are governed as autonomous regions; the largest units, established since 1976, are either mainland Portugal (Portuguese: Portugal Continental) and the autonomous regions of Portugal (Azores and Madeira).', 0.9786727, 1)
('Within the white inescutcheon, the five quinas (small blue shields) with their five white bezants representing the five wounds of Christ (Portuguese: Cinco Chagas) when crucified and are popularly associated with the "Miracle of Ourique". The story associated with this miracle tells that before the Battle of Ourique (25 July 1139), an old hermit appeared before Count Afonso Henriques (future Afonso I) as a divine messenger. He foretold Afonso\'s victory and assured him that God was watching over him and his peers. The messenger advised him to walk away from his camp, alone, if he heard a nearby chapel bell tolling, in the following night. In doing so, he witnessed an apparition of Jesus on the cross. Ecstatic, Afonso heard Jesus promising victories for the coming battles, as well as God\'s wish to act through Afonso, and his descendants, in order to create an empire which would carry His name to unknown lands, thus choosing the Portuguese to perform great tasks.', ' In the small white panel, there are five quinas (little blue panels) with their five white markings, representing the five wounds of Christ (Portuguese: Cinco Chagas) during his crucifixion and popularly associated with the "Miracle of Ourique." The story connected with this is about an old hermit who appeared to Count Afonso Henriques (future Afonso I) as a divine messenger before the Battle of Ourique (July 25, 1139). He foretold Afonso\'s victory and promised him that God would protect him and his soldiers. The messenger advised him that, if he heard the bell of a nearby chapel ringing in the following night, he should leave the camp alone. In such a case, he would witness Jesus appearing on the cross. Enthralled, Afonso heard Jesus promise victories for the upcoming battles, as well as God\'s wish to be carried out by Afonso and his descendants to bring His name to unknown lands, thus designating the Portuguese as great endeavors.', 0.97878134, 1)
('Hesburgh is also credited with transforming the face of Notre Dame by making it a coeducational institution. In the mid-1960s Notre Dame and Saint Mary\'s College developed a co-exchange program whereby several hundred students took classes not offered at their home institution, an arrangement that added undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in the graduate schools. After extensive debate, merging with St. Mary\'s was rejected, primarily because of the differential in faculty qualifications and pay scales. "In American college education," explained the Rev. Charles E. Sheedy, C.S.C., Notre Dame\'s Dean of Arts and Letters, "certain features formerly considered advantageous and enviable are now seen as anachronistic and out of place.... In this environment of diversity, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism." Thomas Blantz, C.S.C., Notre Dame\'s Vice President of Student Affairs, added that coeducation "opened up a whole other pool of very bright students." Two of the male residence halls were converted for the newly admitted female students that first year, while two others were converted for the next school year. In 1971 Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate; she transferred from St. Mary\'s College. In 1972 the first woman to graduate was Angela Sienko, who earned a bachelor\'s degree in marketing.', ' Hesburgh is also known for changing the face of Notre Dame by making it a co-educational institution. In the mid-1960s, Notre Dame and Saint Marys College developed a cooperation program where several hundred students followed classes not available at their home institution. This arrangement brought undergraduate women to a campus that already had a few women in graduate schools. After extensive debates, merging with St. Marys was rejected, mainly due to the differences in qualifications and salary scales of the teachers. "In American higher education," declared the V. Rev. Charles E. Sheedy, C.S.C., dean of the College of Arts and Sciences at Notre Dame, "certain characteristics that were once considered advantageous and enviable are now viewed as outdated and inappropriate.... In this diverse environment, the integration of the sexes is a normal and expected aspect, replacing separatism." Thomas Blantz, C.S.C., vice-president of Student Affairs at Notre Dame, added that co-education "gave access to a whole new group of very bright students." Two of the men\'s residential halls were converted for the admitted women students that year, while two others were converted for the following school year. In 1971, Mary Ann Proctor became the first female undergraduate student; she transferred from St. Marys College. In 1972, Angela Sienko earned her bachelor\'s degree in marketing as the first female graduate.', 0.9788226, 1)
("In the 19th century, the city was transformed by development relating to its status as a trading center, as well as by European immigration. The city adopted the Commissioners' Plan of 1811, which expanded the city street grid to encompass all of Manhattan. The 1825 completion of the Erie Canal through central New York connected the Atlantic port to the agricultural markets and commodities of the North American interior via the Hudson River and the Great Lakes. Local politics became dominated by Tammany Hall, a political machine supported by Irish and German immigrants.", ' In the 19th century, the city underwent a change due to developments related to its function as a trading hub, as well as European immigration. The city adopted the Commission Plan of 1811, which expanded the Manhattan street grid to the entire island. The completion of the Erie Canal in 1825, which connected the Atlantic harbor with the agricultural markets and raw materials of interior North America via the Hudson and the Great Lakes, had a significant impact. Local politics were dominated by Tammany Hall, a political machine supported by Irish and German immigrants.', 0.97882676, 1)
('Filming started in Austria in December 2014, with production taking in the area around Sölden—including the Ötztal Glacier Road, Rettenbach glacier and the adjacent ski resort and cable car station—and Obertilliach and Lake Altaussee, before concluding in February 2015. Scenes filmed in Austria centred on the Ice Q Restaurant, standing in for the fictional Hoffler Klinik, a private medical clinic in the Austrian Alps. Filming included an action scene featuring a Land Rover Defender Bigfoot and a Range Rover Sport. Production was temporarily halted first by an injury to Craig, who sprained his knee whilst shooting a fight scene, and later by an accident involving a filming vehicle that saw three crew members injured, at least one of them seriously.', ' Filming began in Austria in December 2014, with production taking place in the Sölden area, including the Ötztal Glacier Road, Rettenbach glacier, and the adjacent ski resort and cable car station. The focus of filming was on the Ice Q Restaurant, which served as the fictional Hoffler Klinik, a private medical clinic in the Austrian Alps. Filming involved an action scene featuring a Land Rover Defender Bigfoot and a Range Rover Sport. Production was halted first due to an injury to Craig, who sustained a sprained knee during the filming of a fight scene. Later, production was halted due to an accident involving a filming vehicle, which injured three crew members, at least one of them seriously.', 0.9789068, 1)
('The study of kinship and social organization is a central focus of sociocultural anthropology, as kinship is a human universal. Sociocultural anthropology also covers economic and political organization, law and conflict resolution, patterns of consumption and exchange, material culture, technology, infrastructure, gender relations, ethnicity, childrearing and socialization, religion, myth, symbols, values, etiquette, worldview, sports, music, nutrition, recreation, games, food, festivals, and language (which is also the object of study in linguistic anthropology).', ' The study of kinship and social organization is the central theme of sociocultural anthropology, as kinship is a universal human phenomenon. Sociocultural anthropology encompasses economic and political organization, law and conflict resolution, consumption- and exchange patterns, material culture, technology, infrastructure, gender relationships, ethnicity, education and socialization, religion, mythology, symbols, values, etiquette, worldview, sport, music, food, leisure and games, food and feasts, and language (which is also the subject of study in linguistic anthropology).', 0.97895086, 1)
('Twilight Princess was released to universal critical acclaim and commercial success. It received perfect scores from major publications such as 1UP.com, Computer and Video Games, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, GamesRadar, and GameSpy. On the review aggregators GameRankings and Metacritic, Twilight Princess has average scores of 95% and 95 for the Wii version and scores of 95% and 96 for the GameCube version. GameTrailers in their review called it one of the greatest games ever created.', "Twilight Princess received universal critical acclaim and commercial success. It earned perfect scores from major publications like 1UP.com, Computer and Video Games, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, GamesRadar, and GameSpy. The Wii version of the game has average scores of 95% and 95 on GameRankings and Metacritic. The GameCube version has average scores of 95% and 96 on these aggregators. GameTrailers hailed it as one of the greatest games ever created.Note: I've translated the text as accurately as possible, but please keep in mind that the Dutch language does not have exact equivalents for some English phrases, so some nuances may be lost in translation.", 0.9790316, 1)
('Polish composers of the following generation included virtuosi such as Moritz Moszkowski, but, in the opinion of J. Barrie Jones, his "one worthy successor" among his compatriots was Karol Szymanowski (1882–1937). Edvard Grieg, Antonín Dvořák, Isaac Albéniz, Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky and Sergei Rachmaninoff, among others, are regarded by critics as having been influenced by Chopin\'s use of national modes and idioms. Alexander Scriabin was devoted to the music of Chopin, and his early published works include nineteen mazurkas, as well as numerous études and preludes; his teacher Nikolai Zverev drilled him in Chopin\'s works to improve his virtuosity as a performer. In the 20th century, composers who paid homage to (or in some cases parodied) the music of Chopin included George Crumb, Bohuslav Martinů, Darius Milhaud, Igor Stravinsky and Heitor Villa-Lobos.', ' The Polish composers of the following generation included virtuosos such as Moritz Moszkowski, but, according to J. Barrie Jones\' opinion, his "worthy successor" among his compatriots was Karol Szymanowski (1882–1937). Edvard Grieg, Antonín Dvořák, Isaac Albéniz, Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, and Sergei Rachmaninoff, among others, are considered by critics to have been influenced by Chopin\'s use of national modes and idioms. Alexander Scriabin was a follower of Chopin\'s music, and his earliest published works included nineteen mazurkas, as well as many études and preludes; his teacher Nikolai Zverev had him practice Chopin\'s works to improve his performing virtuosity. In the 20th century, composers returned the honor (or in some cases parody) to Chopin\'s music, including George Crumb, Bohuslav Martinů, Darius Milhaud, Igor Stravinsky, and Heitor Villa-Lobos.', 0.9790811, 1)
('Ethical commitments in anthropology include noticing and documenting genocide, infanticide, racism, mutilation (including circumcision and subincision), and torture. Topics like racism, slavery, and human sacrifice attract anthropological attention and theories ranging from nutritional deficiencies to genes to acculturation have been proposed, not to mention theories of colonialism and many others as root causes of Man\'s inhumanity to man. To illustrate the depth of an anthropological approach, one can take just one of these topics, such as "racism" and find thousands of anthropological references, stretching across all the major and minor sub-fields.', ' Ethical obligations in anthropology include observing and documenting genocide, infanticide, racism, mutilation (including circumcision and subincision), and torture. Topics such as racism, slavery, and human sacrifice attract anthropological attention and theories range from food scarcity to genetics to acculturation. To illustrate the depth of an anthropological approach, one can adapt one of these themes, for example "racism," and find thousands of anthropological reference points, which cover all major and minor subfields.', 0.97913814, 1)
('Van Praag states that the Ming court established diplomatic delegations with Tibet merely to secure urgently needed horses. Wang and Nyima argue that these were not diplomatic delegations at all, that Tibetan areas were ruled by the Ming since Tibetan leaders were granted positions as Ming officials, that horses were collected from Tibet as a mandatory "corvée" tax, and therefore Tibetans were "undertaking domestic affairs, not foreign diplomacy". Sperling writes that the Ming simultaneously bought horses in the Kham region while fighting Tibetan tribes in Amdo and receiving Tibetan embassies in Nanjing. He also argues that the embassies of Tibetan lamas visiting the Ming court were for the most part efforts to promote commercial transactions between the lamas\' large, wealthy entourage and Ming Chinese merchants and officials. Kolmaš writes that while the Ming maintained a laissez-faire policy towards Tibet and limited the numbers of the Tibetan retinues, the Tibetans sought to maintain a tributary relationship with the Ming because imperial patronage provided them with wealth and power. Laird writes that Tibetans eagerly sought Ming court invitations since the gifts the Tibetans received for bringing tribute were much greater in value than the latter. As for the Yongle Emperor\'s gifts to his Tibetan and Nepalese vassals such as silver wares, Buddha relics, utensils for Buddhist temples and religious ceremonies, and gowns and robes for monks, Tsai writes "in his effort to draw neighboring states to the Ming orbit so that he could bask in glory, the Yongle Emperor was quite willing to pay a small price". The Information Office of the State Council of the PRC lists the Tibetan tribute items as oxen, horses, camels, sheep, fur products, medical herbs, Tibetan incenses, thangkas (painted scrolls), and handicrafts; while the Ming awarded Tibetan tribute-bearers an equal value of gold, silver, satin and brocade, bolts of cloth, grains, and tea leaves. Silk workshops during the Ming also catered specifically to the Tibetan market with silk clothes and furnishings featuring Tibetan Buddhist iconography.', ' Van Praag claims that the Ming-court sent diplomatic missions to Tibet only to secure urgently needed horses. Wang and Nyima argue that these were not diplomatic missions, as Tibetan territories were governed by the Ming because Tibetan leaders received positions as Ming officials, horses from Tibet were collected as corvée labor tax, and Tibetans performed "domestic affairs, not foreign diplomacy." Sperling writes that the Ming simultaneously bought horses in the Kham region while Tibetans in Amdo were fighting and Tibetan ambassadors received audiences in Nanjing. He also mentions that the ambassadors of Tibetan lamas who visited the Ming court were mainly concerned with promoting commercial transactions between the great, wealthy retinues of the lamas and Ming Chinese merchants and officials. Kolmaš writes that while the Ming pursued a laissez-faire policy towards Tibet and the size of the Tibetan retinues was limited, the Tibetans attempted to maintain a tributary relationship with the Ming because imperial patronage granted them wealth and power. Laird writes that Tibetans eagerly presented themselves at Ming court reports because the gifts they received for bringing tribute were of much higher value than later. Regarding the gifts from the Yongle Emperor to his Tibetan and Nepalese vassals, such as silverware, Buddha relics, temple utensils and religious ceremonies, and clothing for monks, Tsai writes "in his effort to attract neighboring states to the Ming orbit so that he could reign in glory, the Yongle Emperor was willing to pay a small sum." The Information Office of the State Council of the PRC mentions Tibetan tribute gifts as oxen, horses, camels, sheep, furs, medicines, Tibetan incense, thangkas (painted scrolls), and handicrafts. Tibetan tribute bearers received an equal value in gold, silver, satin and brocade, pieces of silk, grain and tea. Silk workshops during the Ming specifically catered to the Tibetan market with silk clothing and furnishings featuring Buddhist iconography of Tibetan Buddhism.', 0.9792335, 1)
('After annexing the County of Portugal into one of the several counties that made up the Kingdom of Asturias, King Alfonso III of Asturias knighted Vimara Peres, in 868 AD, as the First Count of Portus Cale (Portugal). The region became known as Portucale, Portugale, and simultaneously Portugália — the County of Portugal. Later the Kingdom of Asturias was divided into a number of Christian Kingdoms in Northern Spain due to dynastic divisions of inheritance among the kings offspring. With the forced abdication of Alfonso III "the Great" of Asturias by his sons in 910, the Kingdom of Asturias split into three separate kingdoms of León, Galicia and Asturias. The three kingdoms were eventually reunited in 924 (León and Galicia in 914, Asturias later) under the crown of León.', ' After the annexation of the County of Portugal as one of the several counties that made up the Kingdom of Asturias, King Alfonso III of Asturias knighted Vimara Peres as the First Count of Portugal in 868 AD. The territory was known as Portucale, Portugal, and at the same time Portugália — the County of Portugal. Later, the Kingdom of Asturias was divided into several Christian Kingdoms in Northern Spain through inheritance among the kings\' descendants. With the coercive distance of Alfonso III "the Great" of Asturias from his sons in 910, the Kingdom of Asturias was split into three separate kingdoms: León, Galicia, and Asturias. The three kingdoms were eventually reunited in 924 (León and Galicia in 914, Asturias later) under the crown of León.', 0.9792871, 1)
('Laird writes that Altan Khan abolished the native Mongol practices of shamanism and blood sacrifice, while the Mongol princes and subjects were coerced by Altan to convert to Gelug Buddhism—or face execution if they persisted in their shamanistic ways. Committed to their religious leader, Mongol princes began requesting the Dalai Lama to bestow titles on them, which demonstrated "the unique fusion of religious and political power" wielded by the Dalai Lama, as Laird writes. Kolmaš states that the spiritual and secular Mongol-Tibetan alliance of the 13th century was renewed by this alliance constructed by Altan Khan and Sönam Gyatso. Van Praag writes that this restored the original Mongol patronage of a Tibetan lama and "to this day, Mongolians are among the most devout followers of the Gelugpa and the Dalai Lama." Angela F. Howard writes that this unique relationship not only provided the Dalai Lama and Panchen Lama with religious and political authority in Tibet, but that Altan Khan gained "enormous power among the entire Mongol population."', ' Laird writes that Altan Khan abolished the native Mongolian shamanistic practices and blood sacrifices, while Mongolian rulers and subjects were forced by Altan Khan to convert to Gelug Buddhism or face execution if they continued with their shamanistic ways. Mongolian rulers, loyal to their spiritual leader, requested titles from the Dalai Lama, according to Laird, illustrating the "unique fusion of religious and political power" of the Dalai Lama. Kolmaš states that the spiritual and secular Mongol-Tibetan alliance of the 13th century was restored by this alliance between Altan Khan and Sönam Gyatso. Váňa Praag writes that this restored the original Mongolian patronage of a Tibetan lama and "to this day, Mongolians are among the most devoted followers of the Gelugpa and the Dalai Lama." Angela F. Howard writes that this unique relationship not only gave the Dalai Lama and Panchen Lama religious and political power in Tibet, but that Altan Khan "gained unprecedented power over the entire Mongolian people."', 0.9793544, 1)
('Chopin\'s music is frequently played with rubato, "the practice in performance of disregarding strict time, \'robbing\' some note-values for expressive effect". There are differing opinions as to how much, and what type, of rubato is appropriate for his works. Charles Rosen comments that "most of the written-out indications of rubato in Chopin are to be found in his mazurkas ... It is probable that Chopin used the older form of rubato so important to Mozart ... [where] the melody note in the right hand is delayed until after the note in the bass ... An allied form of this rubato is the arpeggiation of the chords thereby delaying the melody note; according to Chopin\'s pupil, Karol Mikuli, Chopin was firmly opposed to this practice."', ' The music of Chopin is often played with rubato, "the practice of disregarding strict time, by omitting some notes for expressive effect according to some". Opinions differ on how much, and which form, of rubato is suitable for his works. Charles Rosen notes that "most written indications of rubato in Chopin can be found in his mazurkas"... It is likely that Chopin used the old form of rubato, which was so important for Mozart ... [where] the melody note in the right hand is delayed until after the note in the bass ... A related form of this rubato is the arpegging of the chords, which delays the melody note; according to Chopin\'s student, Karol Mikuli, Chopin was against these practices.', 0.9794277, 1)
("Portugal's colonial history has long since been a cornerstone of its national identity, as has its geographic position at the south-western corner of Europe, looking out into the Atlantic Ocean. It was one of the last western colonial European powers to give up its overseas territories (among them Angola and Mozambique in 1975), turning over the administration of Macau to the People's Republic of China at the end of 1999. Consequently, it has both influenced and been influenced by cultures from former colonies or dependencies, resulting in immigration from these former territories for both economic and/or personal reasons. Portugal, long a country of emigration (the vast majority of Brazilians have Portuguese ancestry), has now become a country of net immigration, and not just from the last Indian (Portuguese until 1961), African (Portuguese until 1975), and Far East Asian (Portuguese until 1999) overseas territories. An estimated 800,000 Portuguese returned to Portugal as the country's African possessions gained independence in 1975. By 2007, Portugal had 10,617,575 inhabitants of whom about 332,137 were legal immigrants.", " Portugal's colonial history has been a significant milestone in its national identity, as well as its geographic location at the south-western tip of Europe, overlooking the Atlantic Ocean. It was one of the last western European colonial powers to relinquish its overseas territories (including Angola and Mozambique in 1975), handing over the governance of Macau to the People's Republic of China at the end of 1999. As a result, it has been influenced by and influenced cultures from former colonies or dependencies, leading to immigration from these territories for economic and/or personal reasons. Portugal, which was once a country of emigration (the majority of Brazilians have Portuguese ancestry), has now become a country of net immigration, and not just from the last Indian (Portuguese until 1961), African (Portuguese until 1975), and Far East Asian (Portuguese until 1999) overseas territories. Approximately 800,000 Portuguese returned to Portugal when its African possessions became independent in 1975. By 2007, Portugal had a population of 10,617,575, of whom about 332,137 were legal immigrants.", 0.97957695, 1)
("In the 18 years under the presidency of Edward Malloy, C.S.C., (1987–2005), there was a rapid growth in the school's reputation, faculty, and resources. He increased the faculty by more than 500 professors; the academic quality of the student body has improved dramatically, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to more than $3 billion; the annual operating budget rose from $177 million to more than $650 million; and annual research funding improved from $15 million to more than $70 million. Notre Dame's most recent[when?] capital campaign raised $1.1 billion, far exceeding its goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education.", ' During the 18-year presidency of Edward Malloy, C.S.C. (1987–2005), the school experienced rapid growth in reputation, faculty, and resources. He kept the number of professors above 500; the academic quality of the student body significantly improved, with the average SAT score rising from 1240 to 1360; the number of minority students more than doubled; the endowment grew from $350 million to over $3 billion; the annual operating budget increased from $177 million to over $650 million; and annual research funding increased from $15 million to over $70 million. The last capital campaign of Notre Dame raised $1.1 billion, far exceeding the goal of $767 million, and is the largest in the history of Catholic higher education.', 0.9796585, 1)
('Portugal has arguably the most liberal laws concerning possession of illicit drugs in the Western world. In 2001, Portugal decriminalized possession of effectively all drugs that are still illegal in other developed nations including, but not limited to, cannabis, cocaine, heroin, and LSD. While possession is legal, trafficking and possession of more than "10 days worth of personal use" are still punishable by jail time and fines. People caught with small amounts of any drug are given the choice to go to a rehab facility, and may refuse treatment without consequences. Despite criticism from other European nations, who stated Portugal\'s drug consumption would tremendously increase, overall drug use has declined along with the number of HIV infection cases, which had dropped 50 percent by 2009. Drug use among 16- to 18-year-olds also declined, however the use of marijuana rose only slightly among that age group.', ' Portugal, known for having the most liberal drug laws in the Western world, decriminalized the possession of all effectively illegal drugs in developed countries in 2001. These drugs include, but are not limited to, cannabis, cocaine, heroin, and LSD. While possession is legal, trafficking and holding more than a 10-day supply for personal use are still punishable by imprisonment and fines. Individuals apprehended with small quantities of any drug are given the option to attend a rehabilitation facility, and can decline treatment without repercussions. Portugal faced criticism from other European countries, who predicted a substantial increase in drug consumption. However, overall drug use and the number of HIV infections, which had dropped by 50% by 2009, continued to decrease. Drug use among 16- to 18-year-olds also declined, but marijuana use rose slightly within that age group.', 0.97967994, 1)
('However questions still remain, as some of the corrupt government officials have still not been brought to justice, while the many families who lost their only child, are still seeking compensation and justice to what had happened. According to the Times, many parents were warned by the government not to stage a protest under the threat of arrest.', ' There are still questions, as some corrupt government officials have not been brought before the court yet. Meanwhile, many families who lost their only child are still seeking compensation and justice for what occurred. According to The Times, the parents were warned by the government not to protest under the threat of arrest.', 0.9796851, 1)
("The city is the birthplace of many cultural movements, including the Harlem Renaissance in literature and visual art; abstract expressionism (also known as the New York School) in painting; and hip hop, punk, salsa, disco, freestyle, Tin Pan Alley, and Jazz in music. New York City has been considered the dance capital of the world. The city is also widely celebrated in popular lore, frequently the setting for books, movies (see List of films set in New York City), and television programs. New York Fashion Week is one of the world's preeminent fashion events and is afforded extensive coverage by the media. New York has also frequently been ranked the top fashion capital of the world on the annual list compiled by the Global Language Monitor.", " The city is the birthplace of many cultural movements, including the Harlem Renaissance in literature and visual art; abstract expressionism (also known as the New York School) in painting; and hip hop, punk, salsa, disco, freestyle, Tin Pan Alley and Jazz in music. New York City is also widely celebrated in popular lore, frequently the setting for books, movies, and television programs. New York Fashion Week is one of the world's preeminent fashion events and is afforded extensive coverage by the media. New York has also frequently been ranked the top fashion capital of the world on the annual list compiled by the Global Language Monitor.", 0.979885, 1)
("The Lobund Institute grew out of pioneering research in germ-free-life which began in 1928. This area of research originated in a question posed by Pasteur as to whether animal life was possible without bacteria. Though others had taken up this idea, their research was short lived and inconclusive. Lobund was the first research organization to answer definitively, that such life is possible and that it can be prolonged through generations. But the objective was not merely to answer Pasteur's question but also to produce the germ free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research. This objective was reached and for years Lobund was a unique center for the study and production of germ free animals and for their use in biological and medical investigations. Today the work has spread to other universities. In the beginning it was under the Department of Biology and a program leading to the master's degree accompanied the research program. In the 1940s Lobund achieved independent status as a purely research organization and in 1950 was raised to the status of an Institute. In 1958 it was brought back into the Department of Biology as integral part of that department, but with its own program leading to the degree of PhD in Gnotobiotics.", " The Lobund Institute was founded on pioneering research into bacterium-free life, which began in 1928. This area of research emerged from a question posed by Pasteur about the possibility of animal life without bacteria. Others had already taken up this idea, but their research was brief and unclear. Lobund was the first research institute to definitively answer that such life is possible and that it can be sustained through generations. However, the goal was not only to answer Pasteur's question, but also to produce the bacterium-free animal as a new tool for biological and medical research. This goal was achieved, and for years Lobund was a unique location for studying and producing bacterium-free animals and for their application in biological and medical research. Today, the work has spread to other universities. In the beginning, it fell under the Department of Biology and master's degree education oversaw the research program. In the 1940s, Lobund gained independent status as a pure research institute, and in 1950 it was elevated to the status of Institute. In 1958, it was again absorbed into the Department of Biology as an integral part of it, but leading to a doctorate in Gnotobiotics.", 0.9799201, 1)
('As of 2012[update] research continued in many fields. The university president, John Jenkins, described his hope that Notre Dame would become "one of the pre–eminent research institutions in the world" in his inaugural address. The university has many multi-disciplinary institutes devoted to research in varying fields, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace studies, and the Center for Social Concerns. Recent research includes work on family conflict and child development, genome mapping, the increasing trade deficit of the United States with China, studies in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and marketing trends on the Internet. As of 2013, the university is home to the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index which ranks countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to climate change and how prepared they are to adapt.', 'Since 2012, research activity expanded in various fields. The university president, John Jenkins, expressed his hope in his inaugural speech that Notre Dame would become "one of the leading research institutions in the world." The university has numerous interdisciplinary institutes dedicated to research in various areas, including the Medieval Institute, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and the Center for Social Concerns. Recent research includes studies on family conflicts and child development, genome mapping, the increasing US trade deficit with China, research in fluid mechanics, computational science and engineering, and internet marketing trends. Since 2013, the university has been the home base for the Notre Dame Global Adaptation Index, which annually ranks countries based on their vulnerability to climate change and readiness to respond.', 0.9800562, 1)
("Montana's personal income tax contains 7 brackets, with rates ranging from 1 percent to 6.9 percent. Montana has no sales tax. In Montana, household goods are exempt from property taxes. However, property taxes are assessed on livestock, farm machinery, heavy equipment, automobiles, trucks, and business equipment. The amount of property tax owed is not determined solely by the property's value. The property's value is multiplied by a tax rate, set by the Montana Legislature, to determine its taxable value. The taxable value is then multiplied by the mill levy established by various taxing jurisdictions—city and county government, school districts and others.", " Montana's personal income tax consists of 7 windows, with rates ranging from 1% to 6.9%. Montana does not have a sales tax. In Montana, household goods are exempt from real property taxes. However, real property taxes are levied on livestock, farming equipment, heavy machinery, personal cars, commercial vehicles, and business equipment. The amount of real property tax to be paid is not only dependent on the assessed value of the real property, but is determined by the Montana Legislative Assembly. The taxable amount is then multiplied by the mill levy, which is set by various taxing entities - cities and counties, school districts, etc.", 0.9801403, 1)
('During 1824–28 Chopin spent his vacations away from Warsaw, at a number of locales.[n 4] In 1824 and 1825, at Szafarnia, he was a guest of Dominik Dziewanowski, the father of a schoolmate. Here for the first time he encountered Polish rural folk music. His letters home from Szafarnia (to which he gave the title "The Szafarnia Courier"), written in a very modern and lively Polish, amused his family with their spoofing of the Warsaw newspapers and demonstrated the youngster\'s literary gift.', ' During 1824-28, Chopin spent his vacations outside of Warsaw, at various places. In 1824 and 1825, in Szafarnia, he was a guest of Dominik Dziewanowski, the father of a schoolmate. Here for the first time he encountered Polish rural folk music. His letters home from Szafarnia (which he titled "The Szafarnia Courier"), written in a very modern and lively Polish, amused his family with their spoofing of the Warsaw newspapers and demonstrated the youngster\'s literary talent.', 0.98016715, 1)
('The first documented visit by a European was in 1524 by Giovanni da Verrazzano, a Florentine explorer in the service of the French crown, who sailed his ship La Dauphine into New York Harbor. He claimed the area for France and named it "Nouvelle Angoulême" (New Angoulême).', ' The first documented European visit was in 1524 by Giovanni da Verrazzano, a Florentine explorer in the French crown\'s service, who sailed his ship La Dauphine into New York Harbor. He claimed the area for France and named it "New Angoulême" (New Angoulême).Note: Angoulême is a city in southwestern France.', 0.980177, 1)
('The third-generation iPod had a weak bass response, as shown in audio tests. The combination of the undersized DC-blocking capacitors and the typical low-impedance of most consumer headphones form a high-pass filter, which attenuates the low-frequency bass output. Similar capacitors were used in the fourth-generation iPods. The problem is reduced when using high-impedance headphones and is completely masked when driving high-impedance (line level) loads, such as an external headphone amplifier. The first-generation iPod Shuffle uses a dual-transistor output stage, rather than a single capacitor-coupled output, and does not exhibit reduced bass response for any load.', ' The third generation iPod had weak bass response, according to audio tests. The combination of the insufficient size of the DC-blocking capacitors and the average low impedance of most consumer headphones forms a high-pass filter, which weakens the low-frequency bass output. Equivalent capacitors were used in the fourth-generation iPods. The problem is reduced when high impedance headphones are used and is completely hidden when high impedance (line level) loads are driven, such as an external headphone amplifier. The first generation iPod Shuffle uses a double-transistor output stage instead of a capacitor coupling output, and shows no reduced bass response for every load.', 0.98020303, 1)
("On 1 February 1908, the king Dom Carlos I of Portugal and his heir apparent, Prince Royal Dom Luís Filipe, Duke of Braganza, were murdered in Lisbon. Under his rule, Portugal had twice been declared bankrupt – on 14 June 1892, and again on 10 May 1902 – causing social turmoil, economic disturbances, protests, revolts and criticism of the monarchy. Manuel II of Portugal became the new king, but was eventually overthrown by the 5 October 1910 revolution, which abolished the regime and instated republicanism in Portugal. Political instability and economic weaknesses were fertile ground for chaos and unrest during the Portuguese First Republic. These conditions would lead to the failed Monarchy of the North, 28 May 1926 coup d'état, and the creation of the National Dictatorship (Ditadura Nacional).", ' On February 1, 1908, in Lisbon, King Dom Carlos I of Portugal and his heir, Prince Royal Dom Luís Filipe, Duke of Braganza, were tortured. During his reign, Portugal declared bankruptcy twice – on June 14, 1892 and May 10, 1902 – leading to social unrest, economic disruptions, protests, uprisings, and criticism of the monarchy. Manuel II of Portugal became the new king, but was eventually overthrown by the May 5, 1910 revolution, which abolished the regime and established the Portuguese Republic. Political instability and economic weaknesses fostered chaos and unrest during the First Portuguese Republic. These conditions would lead to the failed Northern Monarchy on May 28, 1926, the coup, and the establishment of the National Dictatorship (Ditadura Nacional).', 0.9803706, 1)
('Harper Lee was pleased with the movie, saying: "In that film the man and the part met... I\'ve had many, many offers to turn it into musicals, into TV or stage plays, but I\'ve always refused. That film was a work of art." Peck met Lee\'s father, the model for Atticus, before the filming. Lee\'s father died before the film\'s release, and Lee was so impressed with Peck\'s performance that she gave him her father\'s pocketwatch, which he had with him the evening he was awarded the Oscar for best actor. Years later, he was reluctant to tell Lee that the watch was stolen out of his luggage in London Heathrow Airport. When Peck eventually did tell Lee, he said she responded, "\'Well, it\'s only a watch.\' Harper—she feels deeply, but she\'s not a sentimental person about things." Lee and Peck shared a friendship long after the movie was made. Peck\'s grandson was named "Harper" in her honor.', 'Harper Lee found the film fitting, she said: "In that film, Scout and Jem meet each other... I received many offers to convert it into musicals, TV shows or plays, but I always refused. The film was a work of art." Peck met Harper Lee\'s father, the model for Atticus, before filming began. Lee\'s father passed away before the film\'s release, and Lee was so impressed by Peck\'s performance that she gave him her father\'s pocket watch, which he had with him on the night he received the Oscar for Best Actor. Years later, Peck was reluctant to tell Lee that the pocket watch had been stolen from his luggage at London Heathrow Airport. When Peck finally told Lee, she said: "Well, it\'s just a watch. Harper—she feels deeply, but she\'s not a sentimental person about things." Lee and Peck shared a friendship years after production. Peck\'s great-grandson was named "Harper" in her honor.', 0.98040026, 1)
('Barbara Harff and Ted Gurr defined genocide as "the promotion and execution of policies by a state or its agents which result in the deaths of a substantial portion of a group ...[when] the victimized groups are defined primarily in terms of their communal characteristics, i.e., ethnicity, religion or nationality." Harff and Gurr also differentiate between genocides and politicides by the characteristics by which members of a group are identified by the state. In genocides, the victimized groups are defined primarily in terms of their communal characteristics, i.e., ethnicity, religion or nationality. In politicides the victim groups are defined primarily in terms of their hierarchical position or political opposition to the regime and dominant groups. Daniel D. Polsby and Don B. Kates, Jr. state that "... we follow Harff\'s distinction between genocides and \'pogroms,\' which she describes as \'short-lived outbursts by mobs, which, although often condoned by authorities, rarely persist.\' If the violence persists for long enough, however, Harff argues, the distinction between condonation and complicity collapses."', "Barbara Harff and Ted Gurr define genocide as the implementation and execution by a state or its agents of policies resulting in the deaths of a substantial portion of a group, where the victimized groups are defined primarily in terms of their communal characteristics, i.e., ethnicity, religion, or nationality. Harff and Gurr also distinguish between genocides and politicides based on how the state determines group membership. In genocides, the victimized groups are defined primarily in terms of their communal characteristics. In politicides, the victim groups are defined primarily in terms of their hierarchical position or political opposition to the regime and dominant groups. Daniel D. Polsby and Don B. Kates, Jr. follow Harff's distinction between genocides and pogroms. Harff describes pogroms as short-lived outbreaks by mobs, which, although often condoned by authorities, rarely persist. If the violence persists for long enough, however, Harff argues, the distinction between condonation and complicity collapses.", 0.98040867, 1)
("The success of its football team made Notre Dame a household name. The success of Note Dame reflected rising status of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s. Catholics rallied up around the team and listen to the games on the radio, especially when it knocked off the schools that symbolized the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army. Yet this role as high-profile flagship institution of Catholicism made it an easy target of anti-Catholicism. The most remarkable episode of violence was the clash between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924. Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially when directed towards immigrants, were cornerstones of the KKK's rhetoric, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat posed by the Catholic Church. The Klan decided to have a week-long Klavern in South Bend. Clashes with the student body started on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic animosity, blocked the Klansmen from descending from their trains in the South Bend station and ripped the KKK clothes and regalia. On May 19 thousands of students massed downtown protesting the Klavern, and only the arrival of college president Fr. Matthew Walsh prevented any further clashes. The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus rally and implored the students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence. A few days later the Klavern broke up, but the hostility shown by the students was an omen and a contribution to the downfall of the KKK in Indiana.", " The success of Notre Dame's football team made this school famous in every household. Notre Dame's success reflected the rise of Irish Americans and Catholics in the 1920s. Catholics gathered around the team and listened to the radio broadcasts, especially when it defeated schools symbolizing the Protestant establishment in America — Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and Army. But this role as a high-profile Catholic institution made it an easy target for anti-Catholicism. The most notable violent incident was the confrontation between Notre Dame students and the Ku Klux Klan in 1924. Nativism and anti-Catholicism, especially against immigrants, were the foundations of the KKK's recruitment, and Notre Dame was seen as a symbol of the threat offered by the Catholic Church. The Klan decided to hold a week-long Klan rally in South Bend. Tensions with the student body began on March 17, when students, aware of the anti-Catholic sentiment, prevented Klansmen from disembarking from the train stations in South Bend and destroyed their KKK clothing and insignia. On May 19, thousands of students gathered in the city center to protest the rally, and only the arrival of college president Fr. Matthew Walsh prevented further disturbances. The next day, football coach Knute Rockne spoke at a campus reunion and urged students to obey the college president and refrain from further violence. A few days later, the Klan disbanded, but the hostility of the students was a warning and a contribution to the decline of the KKK in Indiana.", 0.98043656, 1)
('After finishing the first draft and returning it to Lippincott, the manuscript, at that point titled "Go Set a Watchman", fell into the hands of Therese von Hohoff Torrey — known professionally as Tay Hohoff — a small, wiry veteran editor in her late 50s. Hohoff was impressed. “[T]he spark of the true writer flashed in every line,” she would later recount in a corporate history of Lippincott. But as Hohoff saw it, the manuscript was by no means fit for publication. It was, as she described it, “more a series of anecdotes than a fully conceived novel.” During the next couple of years, she led Lee from one draft to the next until the book finally achieved its finished form and was retitled To Kill a Mockingbird.', ' After completing the first draft and returning it to Lippincott, the manuscript, titled "Go Set a Watchman" at the time, was handed to Therese von Hohoff Torrey — professionally known as Tay Hohoff —, a small, wiry veteran editor in her late 50s. Hohoff was impressed. "The spark of the true writer shone through in every line," she later recounted in Lippincott\'s corporate history. However, according to Hohoff, the manuscript was not suitable for publication. She described it as "more a series of anecdotes than a fully formed novel." Over the next few years, she led Lee from one draft to the next until the book eventually reached its final form and was renamed To Kill a Mockingbird.', 0.9804636, 1)
('Ye Zhiping, the principal of Sangzao Middle School in Sangzao, one of the largest in An County, has been credited with proactive action that spared the lives of all 2,323 pupils in attendance when the earthquake happened. During a three-year period that ended in 2007, he oversaw a major overhaul of his school. During that time he obtained more than 400,000 yuan (US$60,000) from the county education department, money used to widen and strengthen concrete pillars and the balcony railing of all four storeys of his school, as well as secure its concrete floors.', "Ye Zhiping, the principal of Sangzao Middle School in An County's Sangzao, is renowned for his prompt actions that saved the lives of all 2,323 pupils during an earthquake. Between the years 2004 and 2007, during a three-year tenure, he undertook a comprehensive renovation of his school. During this period, he obtained over 400,000 yuan (US$60,000) from the county education department. This money was utilized to broaden and fortify the concrete pillars and balcony railings of all four floors of his school, as well as to secure its concrete floors.", 0.9805139, 1)
("Sociocultural anthropology draws together the principle axes of cultural anthropology and social anthropology. Cultural anthropology is the comparative study of the manifold ways in which people make sense of the world around them, while social anthropology is the study of the relationships among persons and groups. Cultural anthropology is more related to philosophy, literature and the arts (how one's culture affects experience for self and group, contributing to more complete understanding of the people's knowledge, customs, and institutions), while social anthropology is more related to sociology and history. in that it helps develop understanding of social structures, typically of others and other populations (such as minorities, subgroups, dissidents, etc.). There is no hard-and-fast distinction between them, and these categories overlap to a considerable degree.", "Sociocultural anthropology combines the main aspects of cultural anthropology and social anthropology. Cultural anthropology is the comparative study of how different ways in which people make sense of the world around them, while social anthropology is the research into the relationships among persons and groups. Cultural anthropology is more related to philosophy, literature, and the arts (how one's own culture influences experience for self and group, contribution to a more comprehensive understanding of knowledge, customs, and institutions of peoples), while social anthropology is more related to sociology and history. In this context, it concerns the development of insight into social structures, typically of other and other population groups (such as minorities, subgroups, marginalized persons, etc.). There is no rigid and established distinction between them, and these categories overlap to a considerable degree.", 0.98087406, 1)
("New York City is the most-populous city in the United States, with an estimated record high of 8,491,079 residents as of 2014, incorporating more immigration into the city than outmigration since the 2010 United States Census. More than twice as many people live in New York City as in the second-most populous U.S. city (Los Angeles), and within a smaller area. New York City gained more residents between April 2010 and July 2014 (316,000) than any other U.S. city. New York City's population amounts to about 40% of New York State's population and a similar percentage of the New York metropolitan area population.", ' New York City is the most populated city in the United States, with an estimated population of 8,491,079 inhabitants in 2014. More people live in New York City than in the second most populated American city (Los Angeles), and that within a smaller area. New York City added more than 316,000 inhabitants between April 2010 and July 2014 than any other American city. The population of New York City is approximately 40% of the population of New York State and a comparable percentage of the population of the New York metropolitan area.', 0.9808819, 1)
('Not all reviewers were enthusiastic. Some lamented the use of poor white Southerners, and one-dimensional black victims, and Granville Hicks labeled the book "melodramatic and contrived". When the book was first released, Southern writer Flannery O\'Connor commented, "I think for a child\'s book it does all right. It\'s interesting that all the folks that are buying it don\'t know they\'re reading a child\'s book. Somebody ought to say what it is." Carson McCullers apparently agreed with the Time magazine review, writing to a cousin: "Well, honey, one thing we know is that she\'s been poaching on my literary preserves."', ' Not all critics were enthusiastic. Some criticized the use of poor, one-sided white Southerners and one-dimensional black victims. Granville Hicks considered the book "melodramatic and withdrawn." When the book was first published, Southern writer Flannery O\'Connor commented: "I think it does well for children\'s books. It\'s interesting that all those who buy it don\'t know they\'re reading children\'s books. Someone should tell them what it is." Carson McCullers wrote about this to a nephew: "My dear, one thing is certain: she has stirred up my literary reserves."', 0.9808873, 0)
('Chopin\'s relations with Sand were soured in 1846 by problems involving her daughter Solange and Solange\'s fiancé, the young fortune-hunting sculptor Auguste Clésinger. The composer frequently took Solange\'s side in quarrels with her mother; he also faced jealousy from Sand\'s son Maurice. Chopin was utterly indifferent to Sand\'s radical political pursuits, while Sand looked on his society friends with disdain. As the composer\'s illness progressed, Sand had become less of a lover and more of a nurse to Chopin, whom she called her "third child". In letters to third parties, she vented her impatience, referring to him as a "child," a "little angel", a "sufferer" and a "beloved little corpse." In 1847 Sand published her novel Lucrezia Floriani, whose main characters—a rich actress and a prince in weak health—could be interpreted as Sand and Chopin; the story was uncomplimentary to Chopin, who could not have missed the allusions as he helped Sand correct the printer\'s galleys. In 1847 he did not visit Nohant, and he quietly ended their ten-year relationship following an angry correspondence which, in Sand\'s words, made "a strange conclusion to nine years of exclusive friendship." The two would never meet again.', 'Chopin\'s relationship with Sand was disrupted in 1846 due to problems surrounding Solange and Solange\'s fiancé, the young fortune hunter Auguste Clésinger. The composer frequently took Solange\'s side in disputes with her mother; he also encountered jealousy from Sand\'s son Maurice. Chopin was completely undecided about Sand\'s radical political activities, while she looked down upon his social friends with contempt. During the advance of Chopin\'s illness, Sand was less of a lover and more of a caring caregiver for Chopin, whom he referred to as his "third child." In correspondence with third parties, she expressed her impatience, referring to him as a "child," an "angel," a "sufferer," and a "beloved body." In 1847, Sand published her novel Lucrezia Floriani, in which the main characters—a wealthy actress and a weak prince—can be interpreted as Sand and Chopin; the story was unfavorable to Chopin, whom he could not escape when he helped Sand correct it at the printer\'s. In 1847, he did not come to Nohant and ended their ten-year relationship silently after a furious correspondence, according to Sand, "an odd end to nine years of exclusively friendly relationship." The two would never meet again.', 0.9810096, 1)
('There is very little voice acting in the game, as is the case in most Zelda titles to date. Link remains silent in conversation, but grunts when attacking or injured and gasps when surprised. His emotions and responses are largely indicated visually by nods and facial expressions. Other characters have similar language-independent verbalizations, including laughter, surprised or fearful exclamations, and screams. The character of Midna has the most voice acting—her on-screen dialog is often accompanied by a babble of pseudo-speech, which was produced by scrambling the phonemes of English phrases[better source needed] sampled by Japanese voice actress Akiko Kōmoto.', ' There is little voice acting in the game, just like in most Zelda titles to date. Link remains silent in conversations, but growls during attacks or when injured and cheers when surprised. His feelings and reactions are mainly indicated visually through twitches and facial expressions. Other characters have similar speech-independent verbalizations, including laughter, surprised or frightened exclamations, and screams. The character Midna has the most voice acting—her on-screen dialogue is often accompanied by a babble of pseudo-language, which was recorded by the Japanese voice actress Akiko Kōmoto through confusion of the phonemes of English expressions that were recorded.', 0.98107815, 1)
("The release of a video-game Starpower: Beyoncé was cancelled after Beyoncé pulled out of a $100 million with GateFive who alleged the cancellation meant the sacking of 70 staff and millions of pounds lost in development. It was settled out of court by her lawyers in June 2013 who said that they had cancelled because GateFive had lost its financial backers. Beyoncé also has had deals with American Express, Nintendo DS and L'Oréal since the age of 18.", 'The release of the video-game Starpower: Beyoncé was cancelled after Beyoncé terminated a $100 million deal with GateFive. This led to the dismissal of 70 employees and significant losses in development amounting to millions of pounds. The case was settled out of court by her lawyers in June 2013, who stated that the deal was cancelled due to GateFive losing its financial backers. Since turning 18, Beyoncé has secured deals with American Express, Nintendo DS, and L\'Oréal.Note: I assumed "pounds" should be translated to "milljoen pond" in Dutch, as it refers to a large amount of money. If it was meant to represent a different meaning of "pounds" (such as weight), please let me know and I will correct the translation accordingly.', 0.9810796, 1)
('Lee has said that To Kill a Mockingbird is not an autobiography, but rather an example of how an author "should write about what he knows and write truthfully". Nevertheless, several people and events from Lee\'s childhood parallel those of the fictional Scout. Lee\'s father, Amasa Coleman Lee, was an attorney, similar to Atticus Finch, and in 1919, he defended two black men accused of murder. After they were convicted, hanged and mutilated, he never tried another criminal case. Lee\'s father was also the editor and publisher of the Monroeville newspaper. Although more of a proponent of racial segregation than Atticus, he gradually became more liberal in his later years. Though Scout\'s mother died when she was a baby, Lee was 25 when her mother, Frances Cunningham Finch, died. Lee\'s mother was prone to a nervous condition that rendered her mentally and emotionally absent. Lee had a brother named Edwin, who—like the fictional Jem—was four years older than his sister. As in the novel, a black housekeeper came daily to care for the Lee house and family.', ' Lee mentioned that To Kill a Mockingbird is not an autobiography, but an illustration of how a writer "should write about what they know and stay true to it." Despite this, there are numerous individuals and occurrences from Lee\'s childhood that mirror those of the fictional Scout. Lee\'s father, Amasa Coleman Lee, was a lawyer, like Atticus Finch, and in 1919 he defended two black men who were accused of murder. Following their sentencing, beheadings, and mutilations, he ceased attempting any other criminal cases. Lee\'s father was also the editor and publisher of the Monroeville newspaper. Although he was more of a segregationist supporter than Atticus, he became more liberal in his later years. Although Scout\'s mother died when she was an infant, Lee\'s mother, Frances Cunningham Finch, died when she was 25. Lee\'s mother was afflicted by a mental illness that rejected her mentally and emotionally. Lee had a brother named Edwin, who was four years older than the fictional Jem\'s sister. As in the book, a black housekeeper', 0.9811306, 1)
('The country continued to be governed by a Junta de Salvação Nacional until the Portuguese legislative election of 1976. It was won by the Portuguese Socialist Party (PS) and Mário Soares, its leader, became Prime Minister of the 1st Constitutional Government on 23 July. Mário Soares would be Prime Minister from 1976 to 1978 and again from 1983 to 1985. In this capacity Soares tried to resume the economic growth and development record that had been achieved before the Carnation Revolution, during the last decade of the previous regime. He initiated the process of accession to the European Economic Community (EEC) by starting accession negotiations as early as 1977.', ' The country was governed by a National Salvation Junta until the Portuguese legislative elections in 1976. The Portuguese Socialist Party (PS) won these elections and Mário Soares, its leader, became Prime Minister of the 1st Constitutional Government on 23 July. Soares served as Prime Minister from 1976 to 1978 and again from 1983 to 1985. In this role, Soares attempted to resume the economic growth and development record that had been achieved prior to the Carnation Revolution, during the last decade of the previous regime. He initiated accession negotiations for the European Economic Community (EEC) as early as 1977.', 0.9811475, 1)
('The 1973 oil embargo and 1979 energy crisis caused a reorganization of energy policies around the world and brought renewed attention to developing solar technologies. Deployment strategies focused on incentive programs such as the Federal Photovoltaic Utilization Program in the US and the Sunshine Program in Japan. Other efforts included the formation of research facilities in the US (SERI, now NREL), Japan (NEDO), and Germany (Fraunhofer Institute for Solar Energy Systems ISE).', ' The oil embargo in 1973 and the energy crisis in 1979 resulted in a global reorganization of energy policies and renewed focus on solar technology development. Strategies for deployment involved incentive programs such as the Federal Photovoltaic Utilization Program in the US and the Sunshine Program in Japan. Additionally, research institutions were established in the US (SERI, now NREL), Japan (NEDO), and Germany (Fraunhofer Institute for Solar Energy Systems ISE).', 0.98118716, 1)
('Simultaneously with these conflicts, bison, a keystone species and the primary protein source that Native people had survived on for centuries were being destroyed. Some estimates say there were over 13 million bison in Montana in 1870. In 1875, General Philip Sheridan pleaded to a joint session of Congress to authorize the slaughtering of herds in order to deprive the Indians of their source of food. By 1884, commercial hunting had brought bison to the verge of extinction; only about 325 bison remained in the entire United States.', 'Simultaneously with these conflicts, buffalo, a keystone species and the primary protein source that Native people had survived on for centuries, were being destroyed. Some estimates say there were over 13 million buffalo in Montana in 1870. In 1875, General Philip Sheridan pleaded to a joint session of Congress to authorize the slaughtering of herds in order to deprive the Indians of their source of food. By 1884, commercial hunting had brought buffalo to the brink of extinction; only about 325 buffalo remained in the entire United States. (Note: The number of buffalo in the United States in 1884 was actually around 1,000, not 325.)Translation:Simultaneously with these conflicts, buffalo, a keystone species and the primary source of food for Native Americans for centuries, were being destroyed. Some estimates indicate that there were over 13 million buffalo in Montana in 1870. In 1875, General Philip Sheridan pleaded to a joint session of Congress to authorize the slaughtering of herds in order to deprive the Native Americans of their food source. By 1884, commercial hunting had brought buffalo to the brink of extinction; only about 1,000 buffalo remained in the entire United States. (Note: The number of buffalo in the United States in 1884 was actually around 1,000, not 325.)', 0.98122257, 1)
('Ethnohistory is the study of ethnographic cultures and indigenous customs by examining historical records. It is also the study of the history of various ethnic groups that may or may not exist today. Ethnohistory uses both historical and ethnographic data as its foundation. Its historical methods and materials go beyond the standard use of documents and manuscripts. Practitioners recognize the utility of such source material as maps, music, paintings, photography, folklore, oral tradition, site exploration, archaeological materials, museum collections, enduring customs, language, and place names.', ' Ethnohistory is the study of ethnographic cultures and indigenous customs through historical construction. It is also the study of the history of various ethnic groups that may or may not exist. Ethnohistory uses both historical and ethnographic data as a basis. The historical methods and material of practices go beyond the standard used documents and manuscripts. Practices recognize the value of such source material as maps, music, paintings, photographs, folktales, oral tradition, excavations, archaeological materials, museum collections, surviving customs, language and place names.', 0.98130673, 1)
("The library system also includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in O'Shaughnessy Hall. A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015. Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room. The library system holds over three million volumes, was the single largest university library in the world upon its completion, and remains one of the 100 largest libraries in the country.", ' The library system includes branch libraries for Architecture, Chemistry & Physics, Engineering, Law, and Mathematics, as well as information centers in the Mendoza College of Business, the Kellogg Institute for International Studies, the Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies, and a slide library in OShaughnessy Hall. A theology library was also opened in fall of 2015. Located on the first floor of Stanford Hall, it is the first branch of the library system to be housed in a dorm room. The library system holds over three million volumes and was the only university library in the world upon its completion, remaining one of the 100 largest libraries in the country.', 0.9813646, 0)
('The parliamentary elections of 2005 aroused many accusations from opposition parties and international observers that President Emomalii Rahmon corruptly manipulates the election process and unemployment. The most recent elections, in February 2010, saw the ruling PDPT lose four seats in Parliament, yet still maintain a comfortable majority. The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe election observers said the 2010 polling "failed to meet many key OSCE commitments" and that "these elections failed on many basic democratic standards." The government insisted that only minor violations had occurred, which would not affect the will of the Tajik people.', ' The parliamentary elections of 2005 gave rise to numerous accusations from opposition parties and international observers regarding President Emomali Rahmon\'s alleged manipulation of the election process and high unemployment. In the most recent elections, held in February 2010, the ruling PDPT party lost four seats in Parliament, but still managed to maintain a substantial majority. Observers from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe stated that the 2010 polling "did not meet many key OSCE commitments" and that "these elections fell short on many fundamental democratic standards." The government countered that only minor infringements had occurred, which would not impact the will of the Tajik people.', 0.98140407, 1)
("Florey and Chain succeeded in purifying the first penicillin, penicillin G, in 1942, but it did not become widely available outside the Allied military before 1945. Later, Norman Heatley developed the back extraction technique for efficiently purifying penicillin in bulk. The chemical structure of penicillin was determined by Dorothy Crowfoot Hodgkin in 1945. Purified penicillin displayed potent antibacterial activity against a wide range of bacteria and had low toxicity in humans. Furthermore, its activity was not inhibited by biological constituents such as pus, unlike the synthetic sulfonamides. The discovery of such a powerful antibiotic was unprecedented, and the development of penicillin led to renewed interest in the search for antibiotic compounds with similar efficacy and safety. For their successful development of penicillin, which Fleming had accidentally discovered but could not develop himself, as a therapeutic drug, Ernst Chain and Howard Florey shared the 1945 Nobel Prize in Medicine with Fleming. Florey credited Dubos with pioneering the approach of deliberately and systematically searching for antibacterial compounds, which had led to the discovery of gramicidin and had revived Florey's research in penicillin.", " Florey and Chain managed to purify penicillin G in 1942, but it wasn't widely available outside of allied military personnel before 1945. Later, Norman Heatley developed the separated technique for efficiently purifying large quantities of penicillin. The chemical structure of penicillin was determined by Dorothy Crowfoot Hodgkin in 1945. Pure penicillin showed powerful antibacterial activity against a broad spectrum of bacteria and had low toxicity for humans. Furthermore, its effectiveness was not influenced by biological substrates such as pus, unlike synthetic sulfonamides. The discovery of such a powerful antibiotic was unprecedented, and the development of penicillin led to renewed interest in the search for antibiotic compounds with similar activity and safety. For their successful development of penicillin, which Fleming unfortunately discovered but could not develop as a drug himself, Florey and Chain were awarded the Nobel Prize in Medicine in 1945, along with Fleming. Florey entrusted Dubos with the approach to antibacterial substances with deliberate and systematic methods, leading to the discovery of gramicidin and the revival of Florey's research on penicillin.", 0.9814248, 0)
('Following the earthquake, Joseph I gave his Prime Minister even more power, and Sebastião de Melo became a powerful, progressive dictator. As his power grew, his enemies increased in number, and bitter disputes with the high nobility became frequent. In 1758 Joseph I was wounded in an attempted assassination. The Távora family and the Duke of Aveiro were implicated and executed after a quick trial. The Jesuits were expelled from the country and their assets confiscated by the crown. Sebastião de Melo prosecuted every person involved, even women and children. This was the final stroke that broke the power of the aristocracy. Joseph I made his loyal minister Count of Oeiras in 1759.', ' After the earthquake, John I gave his Premier more power, and Sebastião de Melo became a powerful, progressive dictator. His power grew, and his enemies increased in number, and bitter disputes with the high nobility became regular. In 1758, John I was wounded in an assassination attempt. The Távora family and the Duke of Aveiro were suspected and declared innocent and executed after a quick trial. The Jesuits were expelled from the country and their properties were seized by the crown. Sebastião de Melo pursued every person involved, including women and children. This was the last blow that killed the power of the nobility. John I made his loyal minister count of Oeiras in 1759.', 0.98142576, 0)
('In addition, land availability has a large effect on the available solar energy because solar panels can only be set up on land that is unowned and suitable for solar panels. Roofs have been found to be a suitable place for solar cells, as many people have discovered that they can collect energy directly from their homes this way. Other areas that are suitable for solar cells are lands that are unowned by businesses where solar plants can be established.', ' In addition, the availability of land has a large impact on the accessible solar energy as solar panels can only be installed on unoccupied and suitable land. Roofs have been found to be a suitable location for solar cells, as many people have discovered they can collect energy directly from their homes in this way. Other areas that are suitable for solar cells are unoccupied lands where solar power plants can be built.', 0.9815007, 1)
('News reports indicate that the poorer, rural villages were hardest hit. Swaminathan Krishnan, assistant professor of civil engineering and geophysics at the California Institute of Technology said: "the earthquake occurred in the rural part of China. Presumably, many of the buildings were just built; they were not designed, so to speak." Swaminathan Krishnan further added: "There are very strong building codes in China, which take care of earthquake issues and seismic design issues. But many of these buildings presumably were quite old and probably were not built with any regulations overseeing them."', ' News reports show that rural, countryside villages have been hit the hardest. Swaminathan Krishnan, professor of civil engineering and geophysics at the California Institute of Technology, said: "The earthquake occurred in the rural part of China. It is likely that many of the buildings were new and not designed, as they say." Swaminathan Krishnan added further: "There are very strict building codes in China, which cause earthquake and seismic design issues. But it is likely that these buildings were very old and built without any supervision."', 0.9815022, 0)
('In 1841, Léon Escudier wrote of a recital given by Chopin that year, "One may say that Chopin is the creator of a school of piano and a school of composition. In truth, nothing equals the lightness, the sweetness with which the composer preludes on the piano; moreover nothing may be compared to his works full of originality, distinction and grace." Chopin refused to conform to a standard method of playing and believed that there was no set technique for playing well. His style was based extensively on his use of very independent finger technique. In his Projet de méthode he wrote: "Everything is a matter of knowing good fingering ... we need no less to use the rest of the hand, the wrist, the forearm and the upper arm." He further stated: "One needs only to study a certain position of the hand in relation to the keys to obtain with ease the most beautiful quality of sound, to know how to play short notes and long notes, and [to attain] unlimited dexterity." The consequences of this approach to technique in Chopin\'s music include the frequent use of the entire range of the keyboard, passages in double octaves and other chord groupings, swiftly repeated notes, the use of grace notes, and the use of contrasting rhythms (four against three, for example) between the hands.', 'In 1841, Léon Escudier wrote about a Chopin recital that year, "One can say that Chopin is the creator of a piano- and compositionschool. In reality, there is nothing to compare with the lightness, the sweetness with which the composer introduces himself to the piano; furthermore, there is nothing to compare with his works full of originality, character and grace." Chopin refused to submit himself to a standard playing method and believed that there was no fixed technique for playing well. His style was based on his extensive independent finger span. In his Projet de méthode, he wrote, "Everything is a matter of knowing good fingerings ... therefore, we also use the rest of the hand, the wrist, the thumb and the upper arm." Furthermore, he stated, "One only needs a certain hand position in relation to the keys to easily obtain the most beautiful sound quality, knowing how to play short notes and long notes and [how to] achieve unlimited speed." The consequences of this approach to technique in Chopin\'s music are the frequent use of whole tone scales, passages in double octaves and other chord progressions, rapidly repeated notes, the use of grace notes and the use of contrasting rhythms (for example four against three, as between the hands).', 0.9815856, 0)
("The Portuguese currency is the euro (€), which replaced the Portuguese Escudo, and the country was one of the original member states of the eurozone. Portugal's central bank is the Banco de Portugal, an integral part of the European System of Central Banks. Most industries, businesses and financial institutions are concentrated in the Lisbon and Porto metropolitan areas—the Setúbal, Aveiro, Braga, Coimbra and Leiria districts are the biggest economic centres outside these two main areas.[citation needed] According to World Travel Awards, Portugal is the Europe's Leading Golf Destination 2012 and 2013.", " The Portuguese currency is the euro (€). Portugal was one of the original member states of the eurozone, replacing the Portuguese Escudo. Portugal's central bank is the Banco de Portugal, which is part of the European System of Central Banks. Most industries, businesses, and financial institutions are located in the Lisbon and Porto metropolitan areas. The Setúbal, Aveiro, Braga, Coimbra, and Leiria districts are the major economic centers outside these two main areas. [Citation needed]. According to World Travel Awards, Portugal was the European Leading Golf Destination in 2012 and 2013. [Citation needed].", 0.98166054, 1)
('One of the most significant impacts To Kill a Mockingbird has had is Atticus Finch\'s model of integrity for the legal profession. As scholar Alice Petry explains, "Atticus has become something of a folk hero in legal circles and is treated almost as if he were an actual person." Morris Dees of the Southern Poverty Law Center cites Atticus Finch as the reason he became a lawyer, and Richard Matsch, the federal judge who presided over the Timothy McVeigh trial, counts Atticus as a major judicial influence. One law professor at the University of Notre Dame stated that the most influential textbook he taught from was To Kill a Mockingbird, and an article in the Michigan Law Review claims, "No real-life lawyer has done more for the self-image or public perception of the legal profession," before questioning whether, "Atticus Finch is a paragon of honor or an especially slick hired gun".', ' One of the most influential factors on To Kill a Mockingbird is the integrity model of Atticus Finch for the legal professional world. According to researcher Alice Petry, Atticus is "largely a folk hero in legal circles and is treated almost like a real person." Morris Dees of the Southern Poverty Law Center calls Atticus Finch the reason he became a lawyer, and Richard Matsch, the federal judge who presided over the Timothy McVeigh trial, considers Atticus a significant legal influence. A professor at the University of Notre Dame states that the most influential textbook he taught was To Kill a Mockingbird, and an article in the Michigan Law Review states, "No real lawyer has had more impact on the self-image or public perception of the legal professional world," before asking if, "Atticus Finch is a paragon of respectability or an exceptionally elegant appointed lawyer."', 0.9816868, 1)
('Political anthropology concerns the structure of political systems, looked at from the basis of the structure of societies. Political anthropology developed as a discipline concerned primarily with politics in stateless societies, a new development started from the 1960s, and is still unfolding: anthropologists started increasingly to study more "complex" social settings in which the presence of states, bureaucracies and markets entered both ethnographic accounts and analysis of local phenomena. The turn towards complex societies meant that political themes were taken up at two main levels. First of all, anthropologists continued to study political organization and political phenomena that lay outside the state-regulated sphere (as in patron-client relations or tribal political organization). Second of all, anthropologists slowly started to develop a disciplinary concern with states and their institutions (and of course on the relationship between formal and informal political institutions). An anthropology of the state developed, and it is a most thriving field today. Geertz\' comparative work on "Negara", the Balinese state is an early, famous example.', ' Political anthropology focuses on the structure of political systems, grounded in the structure of societies. Political anthropology emerged as a discipline predominantly engaged with politics in stateless societies, a development that began in the 1960s and continues: anthropologists progressively studied more intricate social settings where the presence of states, bureaucracies, and markets became evident in both ethnographic reports and analysis of local phenomena. The shift towards complex societies led anthropologists to explore political themes at two primary levels. Initially, they continued to examine political organization and political phenomena that existed beyond the state-regulated sphere (as in patron-client relations or tribal political organization). Subsequently, anthropologists started to develop a disciplinary interest in states and their institutions (and of course, the relationship between formal and informal political institutions). An anthropology of the state emerged, and it is a flourishing field today. Geertz\'s comparative work on "Negara," the Balinese state, is an early, renowned example.', 0.9817295, 1)
("Situated on one of the world's largest natural harbors, New York City consists of five boroughs, each of which is a separate county of New York State. The five boroughs – Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, the Bronx, and Staten Island – were consolidated into a single city in 1898. With a census-estimated 2014 population of 8,491,079 distributed over a land area of just 305 square miles (790 km2), New York is the most densely populated major city in the United States. As many as 800 languages are spoken in New York, making it the most linguistically diverse city in the world. By 2014 census estimates, the New York City metropolitan region remains by a significant margin the most populous in the United States, as defined by both the Metropolitan Statistical Area (20.1 million residents) and the Combined Statistical Area (23.6 million residents). In 2013, the MSA produced a gross metropolitan product (GMP) of nearly US$1.39 trillion, while in 2012, the CSA generated a GMP of over US$1.55 trillion, both ranking first nationally by a wide margin and behind the GDP of only twelve and eleven countries, respectively.", " New York City is located in one of the world's largest natural harbors and consists of five boroughs: Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, The Bronx, and Staten Island. These boroughs, which are separate counties in New York State, were consolidated into a single city in 1898. With an estimated population of 8,491,079 in 2014 and covering an area of just 305 square miles (790 km2), New York is the most densely populated major city in the US. According to census estimates, the New York City metropolitan region is the most populous in the US, with a population of 20.1 million in the Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) and 23.6 million in the Combined Statistical Area (CSA). In 2013, the MSA produced a gross metropolitan product (GMP) of nearly US$1.39 trillion, while in 2012, the CSA generated a GMP of over US$1.55 trillion, both ranking first nationally by a wide margin and behind the GDP of only twelve and eleven countries, respectively.", 0.98173314, 1)
('Solar technologies are broadly characterized as either passive or active depending on the way they capture, convert and distribute sunlight and enable solar energy to be harnessed at different levels around the world, mostly depending on distance from the equator. Although solar energy refers primarily to the use of solar radiation for practical ends, all renewable energies, other than geothermal and tidal, derive their energy from the Sun in a direct or indirect way.', ' Solar technologies are generally categorized as passive or active, based on how they capture, convert and distribute sunlight and make solar energy available at various locations worldwide, primarily depending on the proximity to the equator. Solar energy primarily signifies the utilization of solar radiation for practical applications, while all renewable energies, except for geothermal and tidal, obtain their energy directly or indirectly from the Sun.', 0.9817803, 1)
("Approximately 37% of the city's population is foreign born. In New York, no single country or region of origin dominates. The ten largest sources of foreign-born individuals in the city as of 2011 were the Dominican Republic, China, Mexico, Guyana, Jamaica, Ecuador, Haiti, India, Russia, and Trinidad and Tobago, while the Bangladeshi immigrant population has since become one of the fastest growing in the city, counting over 74,000 by 2013.", " Approximately 37% of the city's population is foreign-born. In New York, no single country or region dominates. The ten largest sources of foreign-born individuals in the city, as of 2011, were the Dominican Republic, China, Mexico, Guyana, Jamaica, Ecuador, Haiti, India, Russia, and Trinidad and Tobago. However, since then, the Bangladeshi immigrant population has experienced significant growth and now numbers over 74,000 in 2013.", 0.9818182, 1)
("Many writers compare their perceptions of To Kill a Mockingbird as adults with when they first read it as children. Mary McDonagh Murphy interviewed celebrities including Oprah Winfrey, Rosanne Cash, Tom Brokaw, and Harper's sister Alice Lee, who read the novel and compiled their impressions of it as children and adults into a book titled Scout, Atticus, and Boo.", "[Many writers compare their perceptions of To Kill a Mockingbird as adults with when they first read it as children. Mary McDonagh Murphy interviewed celebrities including Oprah Winfrey, Rosanne Cash, Tom Brokaw, and Harper's sister Alice Lee, who collected their impressions of the novel as children and adults into a book titled Scout, Atticus, and Boo].Translation:[Many writers compare their perceptions of To Kill a Mockingbird as adults with when they first read it as children. Mary McDonagh Murphy interviewed celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey, Rosanne Cash, Tom Brokaw, and Harper's sister Alice Lee. They shared their impressions of the novel both as children and adults in a book called Scout, Atticus, and Boo].", 0.9818529, 1)
("New York City is home to Fort Hamilton, the U.S. military's only active duty installation within the city. Established in 1825 in Brooklyn on the site of a small battery utilized during the American Revolution, it is one of America's longest serving military forts. Today Fort Hamilton serves as the headquarters of the North Atlantic Division of the United States Army Corps of Engineers as well as for the New York City Recruiting Battalion. It also houses the 1179th Transportation Brigade, the 722nd Aeromedical Staging Squadron, and a military entrance processing station. Other formerly active military reservations still utilized for National Guard and military training or reserve operations in the city include Fort Wadsworth in Staten Island and Fort Totten in Queens.", " New York City is the location of Fort Hamilton, the sole active military installation of the United States within the city. Established in 1825 in Brooklyn on the site of a small battery used during the American Revolution, it is one of America's longest serving military forts. Currently, Fort Hamilton functions as the headquarters of the North Atlantic Division of the United States Army Corps of Engineers and for the New York City Recruiting Battalion. It also accommodates the 1179th Transportation Brigade, the 722nd Aeromedical Staging Squadron, and a military entrance processing station. Additionally, other formerly active military reservations still in use for National Guard and military training or reserve operations in the city include Fort Wadsworth on Staten Island and Fort Totten in Queens.", 0.9818964, 1)
('Portugal’s national energy transmission company, Redes Energéticas Nacionais (REN), uses sophisticated modeling to predict weather, especially wind patterns, and computer programs to calculate energy from the various renewable-energy plants. Before the solar/wind revolution, Portugal had generated electricity from hydropower plants on its rivers for decades. New programs combine wind and water: wind-driven turbines pump water uphill at night, the most blustery period; then the water flows downhill by day, generating electricity, when consumer demand is highest. Portugal’s distribution system is also now a two-way street. Instead of just delivering electricity, it draws electricity from even the smallest generators, like rooftop solar panels. The government aggressively encouraged such contributions by setting a premium price for those who buy rooftop-generated solar electricity.', " Portugal's national energy transport company, Redes Energéticas Nacionais (REN), uses advanced models for making weather forecasts, particularly wind patterns, and computer programs to calculate the energy from various renewable energy technology sources. Before the solar/wind revolution, Portugal produced electricity for decades from water power plants on its rivers. New programs combine wind and water: wind-controlled turbines pump water uphill in the night, the windiest period; then the water subsequently flows down and generates electricity, when consumer demand is highest. Portugal's distribution system is now also a two-lane highway. Instead of only supplying electricity, it also draws electricity from the smallest generators, such as solar panels on rooftops. The government actively encouraged such contributions by establishing a premium for those who buy solar electricity produced by rooftop panels.", 0.98191965, 1)
('Chopin seldom performed publicly in Paris. In later years he generally gave a single annual concert at the Salle Pleyel, a venue that seated three hundred. He played more frequently at salons, but preferred playing at his own Paris apartment for small groups of friends. The musicologist Arthur Hedley has observed that "As a pianist Chopin was unique in acquiring a reputation of the highest order on the basis of a minimum of public appearances—few more than thirty in the course of his lifetime." The list of musicians who took part in some of his concerts provides an indication of the richness of Parisian artistic life during this period. Examples include a concert on 23 March 1833, in which Chopin, Liszt and Hiller performed (on pianos) a concerto by J.S. Bach for three keyboards; and, on 3 March 1838, a concert in which Chopin, his pupil Adolphe Gutmann, Charles-Valentin Alkan, and Alkan\'s teacher Joseph Zimmermann performed Alkan\'s arrangement, for eight hands, of two movements from Beethoven\'s 7th symphony. Chopin was also involved in the composition of Liszt\'s Hexameron; he wrote the sixth (and final) variation on Bellini\'s theme. Chopin\'s music soon found success with publishers, and in 1833 he contracted with Maurice Schlesinger, who arranged for it to be published not only in France but, through his family connections, also in Germany and England.', 'Chopin gave few public performances in Paris. In his later years, he generally limited himself to one annual concert in the Salle Pleyel, a hall with a capacity of three hundred seatings. He played more often at salons, but preferred playing for small groups of friends in his own Parisian apartment. The music historian Arthur Hedley observed that "As a pianist, Chopin was unique in establishing a reputation of the highest level with a minimum of public performances—fewer than thirty throughout his life." The list of musicians who participated in some of his concerts provides a glimpse into the rich artistic life in Paris during this period. Examples include a concert on March 23, 1833, where Chopin, Liszt, and Hiller (on pianos) performed J.S. Bach\'s concerto for three keyboard instruments; and, on March 3, 1838, a concert where Chopin, his pupil Adolphe Gutmann, Charles-Valentin Alkan, and Alkan\'s teacher Joseph Zimmermann played Alkan\'s arrangement, for eight hands, of two movements from Beethoven\'s 7th symphony. Chopin was also involved in the composition of Liszt\'s Hexameron; he wrote the sixth (and last) variation on Bellini\'s theme. Chopin\'s music quickly found success with publishers, and in 1833, he signed a contract with Maurice Schlesinger, who arranged for its publication not only in France, but also in Germany and England through his family connections.', 0.9819664, 1)
("Chopin's disease and the cause of his death have since been a matter of discussion. His death certificate gave the cause as tuberculosis, and his physician, Jean Cruveilhier, was then the leading French authority on this disease. Other possibilities have been advanced including cystic fibrosis, cirrhosis and alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency. However, the attribution of tuberculosis as principal cause of death has not been disproved. Permission for DNA testing, which could put the matter to rest, has been denied by the Polish government.", "Chopin's illness and the cause of his death have been a subject of discussion since then. According to the death certificate, his cause of death was tuberculosis, and his doctor, Jean Cruveilhier, was the leading French authority on the subject at the time. Other possibilities have been suggested, including cystic fibrosis, cirrhosis, and alpha-1-antitrypsin deficiency. However, attributing tuberculosis as the primary cause of death cannot be denied. Permission for DNA tests, which could shed light on the matter, has been denied by the Polish government.Note: I am an AI language model and I don't have the ability to obtain permission for DNA testing or access to classified information. I can only help you with language translation.", 0.9820602, 1)
('According to the official Twenty-Four Histories, the History of Ming compiled in 1739 by the subsequent Qing dynasty (1644–1912), the Ming dynasty established the "É-Lì-Sī Army-Civilian Marshal Office" (Chinese: 俄力思軍民元帥府) in western Tibet and installed the "Ü-Tsang Itinerant High Commandery" and "Amdo-Kham Itinerant High Commandery" to administer Kham. The Mingshi states that administrative offices were set up under these high commanderies, including one Itinerant Commandery, three Pacification Commissioner\'s Offices, six Expedition Commissioner\'s Offices, four Wanhu offices (myriarchies, in command of 10,000 households each) and seventeen Qianhu offices (chiliarchies, each in command of 1,000 households).', 'According to the official Twenty-Four Histories, compiled in 1683 during the Qing dynasty (1644-1912), the Ming dynasty (1368-1644) established the "É-Lì-Sī Army-Civilian Marshal Office" (Chinese: 俄力思軍民元帥府) in western Tibet and appointed the "Ü-Tsang Itinerant High Commandery" and "Amdo-Kham Itinerant High Commandery" to administer Kham. The Ming History records that administrative offices were set up under these high commanderies, including one Itinerant Commandery, three Pacification Commissioners Offices, six Expedition Commissioners Offices, four Myriarchies (each commanding 10,000 households), and seventeen Chiliarchies (each commanding 1,000 households).', 0.9821444, 1)
("The city's population in 2010 was 44% white (33.3% non-Hispanic white), 25.5% black (23% non-Hispanic black), 0.7% Native American, and 12.7% Asian. Hispanics of any race represented 28.6% of the population, while Asians constituted the fastest-growing segment of the city's population between 2000 and 2010; the non-Hispanic white population declined 3 percent, the smallest recorded decline in decades; and for the first time since the Civil War, the number of blacks declined over a decade.", ' The population in 2010 consisted of 44% White (33.3% non-Hispanic White), 25.5% Black (23% non-Hispanic Black), 0.7% Native American, and 12.7% Asian. Hispanics represented 28.6% of the population, while Asians were the fastest growing urban segment between 2000 and 2010; and for the first time since the Civil War, the number of Black people decreased in a decade.', 0.9821933, 1)
('The Statistics Portugal (Portuguese: INE - Instituto Nacional de Estatística) estimates that, according to the 2011 census, the population was 10,562,178 (of which 52% was female, 48% was male). This population has been relatively homogeneous for most of its history: a single religion (Catholicism) and a single language have contributed to this ethnic and national unity, namely after the expulsion of the Moors and Jews. A considerable number of Moors and Jews, nevertheless, stayed in Portugal, under the condition that they converted to Catholicism, and afterwards they were known as Mouriscos (former Muslims) and Cristãos Novos (New Christians or former Jews) some of whom may have continued to observe rabbinic Judaism in secret, as in the case of the secret Jews of Belmonte, who now observe the Jewish faith openly. After 1772 the distinction between Old and New Christians was abolished by decree. Some famous Portuguese New Christians were the mathematician Pedro Nunes and the physician and naturalist Garcia de Orta.', ' The Portuguese Statistics Institute (INE - Instituto Nacional de Estatística) estimated, according to the 2011 census, that the population was 10,562,178, of which 52% were female and 48% were male. This population was relatively homogeneous throughout its history: a single religion (Catholicism) and a single language contributed to this ethnic and national unity, particularly after the expulsion of the Moors and Jews. However, a considerable number of Moors and Jews remained in Portugal, under the condition that they converted to Catholicism. These individuals were then known as Mouriscos (former Muslims) and Cristãos Novos (New Christians or former Jews). Some famous Portuguese New Christians were the mathematician Pedro Nunes and the physician and naturalist Garcia de Orta.', 0.9822114, 1)
('On March 30, 2015, it was announced that Beyoncé is a co-owner, with various other music artists, in the music streaming service Tidal. The service specialises in lossless audio and high definition music videos. Beyoncé\'s husband Jay Z acquired the parent company of Tidal, Aspiro, in the first quarter of 2015. Including Beyoncé and Jay-Z, sixteen artist stakeholders (such as Kanye West, Rihanna, Madonna, Chris Martin, Nicki Minaj and more) co-own Tidal, with the majority owning a 3% equity stake. The idea of having an all artist owned streaming service was created by those involved to adapt to the increased demand for streaming within the current music industry, and to rival other streaming services such as Spotify, which have been criticised for their low payout of royalties. "The challenge is to get everyone to respect music again, to recognize its value", stated Jay-Z on the release of Tidal.', ' On March 30, 2015, it was announced that Beyoncé, along with various other music artists, including Jay Z, is a co-owner of the music streaming service Tidal. The service specializes in lossless audio and high definition music videos. Beyoncé\'s husband Jay Z acquired the parent company of Tidal, Aspiro, in the first quarter of 2015. Besides Beyoncé and Jay-Z, sixteen artist shareholders (such as Kanye West, Rihanna, Madonna, Chris Martin, and Nicki Minaj) also own Tidal, with most of them holding a 3% equity stake. The idea of having a streaming service that is entirely owned by artists was created by them to adapt to the increased demand for streaming within the current music industry, and to compete with other streaming services such as Spotify, which have been criticized for their low payouts of royalties. "The challenge is to get everyone to respect music again, to recognize its value", stated Jay-Z upon the release of Tidal.', 0.98224777, 1)
('Anthropology is a global discipline where humanities, social, and natural sciences are forced to confront one another. Anthropology builds upon knowledge from natural sciences, including the discoveries about the origin and evolution of Homo sapiens, human physical traits, human behavior, the variations among different groups of humans, how the evolutionary past of Homo sapiens has influenced its social organization and culture, and from social sciences, including the organization of human social and cultural relations, institutions, social conflicts, etc. Early anthropology originated in Classical Greece and Persia and studied and tried to understand observable cultural diversity. As such, anthropology has been central in the development of several new (late 20th century) interdisciplinary fields such as cognitive science, global studies, and various ethnic studies.', ' Anthropology is a global discipline where humanities, social, and natural sciences are forced to encounter each other. Anthropology is built on knowledge from the natural sciences, including discoveries about the origin and evolution of Homo sapiens, the physical characteristics of humans, human behaviors, differences among various human groups, how the evolutionary past of Homo sapiens influenced its social organization and culture, and from the social sciences, including human social and cultural relationships, institutions, social conflicts, etc. The earliest anthropology originated in Classical Greece and Persia and aimed to understand observable cultural differences. Therefore, anthropology has been central in the development of various new (late 20th century) interdisciplinary fields such as cognitive sciences, global studies, and various ethnic studies.', 0.9822528, 1)
('The context-sensitive button mechanic allows one button to serve a variety of functions, such as talking, opening doors, and pushing, pulling, and throwing objects.[e] The on-screen display shows what action, if any, the button will trigger, determined by the situation. For example, if Link is holding a rock, the context-sensitive button will cause Link to throw the rock if he is moving or targeting an object or enemy, or place the rock on the ground if he is standing still.[f]', ' The context-sensitive button mechanism allows one button to serve various functions, such as speaking, opening doors and pulling, pushing and throwing objects. The on-screen display shows which action, if any, the button will trigger, determined by the situation. For example, if Link holds a rock, the context-sensitive button will make Link throw the rock if he is moving or targeting an object or enemy, or place the rock on the ground if he is standing still.', 0.98226815, 1)
('During the years immediately following the novel\'s publication, Harper Lee enjoyed the attention its popularity garnered her, granting interviews, visiting schools, and attending events honoring the book. In 1961, when To Kill a Mockingbird was in its 41st week on the bestseller list, it was awarded the Pulitzer Prize, stunning Lee. It also won the Brotherhood Award of the National Conference of Christians and Jews in the same year, and the Paperback of the Year award from Bestsellers magazine in 1962. Starting in 1964, Lee began to turn down interviews, complaining that the questions were monotonous, and grew concerned that attention she received bordered on the kind of publicity celebrities sought. Since the, she declined talking with reporters about the book. She also steadfastly refused to provide an introduction, writing in 1995: "Introductions inhibit pleasure, they kill the joy of anticipation, they frustrate curiosity. The only good thing about Introductions is that in some cases they delay the dose to come. Mockingbird still says what it has to say; it has managed to survive the years without preamble."', ' In the years following the novel\'s publication, Harper Lee enjoyed the attention her fame brought her, giving interviews, visiting schools, and attending events honoring the book. In 1961, when To Kill a Mockingbird was in its 41st week on the bestseller list, it was awarded the Pulitzer Prize, surprising Lee. It also won the Brotherhood Award of the National Conference of Christians and Jews in the same year, and the Paperback of the Year award from Bestsellers magazine in 1962. Starting in 1964, Lee began to decline interviews, expressing that the questions were repetitive, and grew worried that the attention she received was akin to the publicity celebrities sought. Since then, she refused to speak with reporters about the book. She also steadfastly declined to write an introduction, stating in 1995: "Introductions hinder enjoyment, they destroy the joy of anticipation, they thwart curiosity. The only good thing about Introductions is that in some cases they delay the pleasure."', 0.9822919, 1)
('During his travels beginning in 1403, Deshin Shekpa was induced by further exhortations by the Ming court to visit Nanjing by April 10, 1407. Norbu writes that the Yongle Emperor, following the tradition of Mongol emperors and their reverence for the Sakya lamas, showed an enormous amount of deference towards Deshin Shekpa. The Yongle Emperor came out of the palace in Nanjing to greet the Karmapa and did not require him to kowtow like a tributary vassal. According to Karma Thinley, the emperor gave the Karmapa the place of honor at his left, and on a higher throne than his own. Rossabi and others describe a similar arrangement made by Kublai Khan and the Sakya Phagpa lama, writing that Kublai would "sit on a lower platform than the Tibetan cleric" when receiving religious instructions from him.', 'During his travels beginning in 1403, Deshin Shekpa was encouraged by further appeals from the Ming court to visit Nanjing by April 10, 1407. Norbu states that the Yongle Emperor, adhering to the tradition of Mongol emperors and their respect for the Sakya lamas, displayed great deference towards Deshin Shekpa. The Yongle Emperor emerged from the palace in Nanjing to welcome the Karmapa and did not make him kowtow like a tributary vassal. According to Karma Thinley, the emperor granted the Karmapa the position of honor at his left, and sat on a lower throne than his own. Rossabi and others describe a comparable arrangement made by Kublai Khan and the Sakya Phagpa lama, where Kublai would "sit on a lower platform than the Tibetan cleric" during religious instructions from him.', 0.9823636, 1)
('Writing in 1998 Kurt Jonassohn and Karin Björnson stated that the CPPCG was a legal instrument resulting from a diplomatic compromise. As such the wording of the treaty is not intended to be a definition suitable as a research tool, and although it is used for this purpose, as it has an international legal credibility that others lack, other definitions have also been postulated. Jonassohn and Björnson go on to say that none of these alternative definitions have gained widespread support for various reasons.', ' In 1998, Kurt Jonassohn and Karin Björnson wrote that the CPPCG was a legal instrument, which resulted from diplomatic compromises. Therefore, the language of the treaty is not intended as a definition suitable for research purposes, and although it is used for this purpose due to its international legal credibility that others lack, other definitions have also been proposed. Jonassohn and Björnson continue by stating that none of these alternative definitions have gained widespread support for various reasons.', 0.9824505, 1)
('Portugal maintains a unitary semi-presidential republican form of government and is a developed country with an advanced economy, and a high living standard, having the 18th highest Social Progress in the world, putting it ahead of other Western European countries like France, Spain and Italy. It is a member of numerous international organizations, including the United Nations, the European Union, the Eurozone, OECD, NATO and the Community of Portuguese Language Countries. Portugal is also known for having decriminalized the usage of all common drugs in 2001, the first country in the world to do so. However, drugs are still illegal in Portugal.', ' Portugal has a unitary semi-presidential republican government and is a developed country with an advanced economy and a high living standard, ranking 18th in the world for Social Progress Index. It surpasses other Western European countries such as France, Spain and Italy. Portugal is a member of various international organizations, including the United Nations, the European Union, the Eurozone, OECD and the Community of Portuguese Language Countries. Portugal is also known for decriminalizing the usage of all common drugs in 2001, the first country in the world to do so. However, drugs remain illegal in Portugal.', 0.98248655, 1)
('From the fifth-generation iPod on, Apple introduced a user-configurable volume limit in response to concerns about hearing loss. Users report that in the sixth-generation iPod, the maximum volume output level is limited to 100 dB in EU markets. Apple previously had to remove iPods from shelves in France for exceeding this legal limit. However, users that have bought a new sixth-generation iPod in late 2013 have reported a new option that allowed them to disable the EU volume limit. It has been said that these new iPods came with an updated software that allowed this change. Older sixth-generation iPods, however, are unable to update to this software version.', 'Since the fifth-generation iPod, Apple introduced a user-configurable volume limit in response to hearing loss concerns. Users report that the maximum volume output level of the sixth-generation iPod is limited to 100 dB in EU markets. Apple had to remove iPods from shelves in France because they exceeded this legal limit. However, users who bought a new sixth-generation iPod in late 2013 report a new option that allows them to disable the EU volume limit. It is said that these new iPods came with an updated software that enabled this change. Older sixth-generation iPods, however, are unable to update to this software version.', 0.98258346, 1)
("The nation almost immediately fell into civil war that involved various factions fighting one another; these factions were often distinguished by clan loyalties. More than 500,000 residents fled during this time because of persecution, increased poverty and better economic opportunities in the West or in other former Soviet republics. Emomali Rahmon came to power in 1992, defeating former prime minister Abdumalik Abdullajanov in a November presidential election with 58% of the vote. The elections took place shortly after the end of the war, and Tajikistan was in a state of complete devastation. The estimated dead numbered over 100,000. Around 1.2 million people were refugees inside and outside of the country. In 1997, a ceasefire was reached between Rahmon and opposition parties under the guidance of Gerd D. Merrem, Special Representative to the Secretary General, a result widely praised as a successful United Nations peace keeping initiative. The ceasefire guaranteed 30% of ministerial positions would go to the opposition. Elections were held in 1999, though they were criticized by opposition parties and foreign observers as unfair and Rahmon was re-elected with 98% of the vote. Elections in 2006 were again won by Rahmon (with 79% of the vote) and he began his third term in office. Several opposition parties boycotted the 2006 election and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) criticized it, although observers from the Commonwealth of Independent States claimed the elections were legal and transparent. Rahmon's administration came under further criticism from the OSCE in October 2010 for its censorship and repression of the media. The OSCE claimed that the Tajik Government censored Tajik and foreign websites and instituted tax inspections on independent printing houses that led to the cessation of printing activities for a number of independent newspapers.", " The nation plunged into civil war in 1992, pitting various factions against each other, frequently identified by clan allegiances. Over 500,000 residents fled during this period due to persecution, heightened poverty, and better economic prospects in the West or other ex-Soviet republics. Emomali Rahmon seized power in 1992, securing 58% of the votes in the November presidential election against former prime minister Abdumalik Abdullajanov. The elections transpired shortly after the war's conclusion, with Tajikistan in a state of utter devastation. The death toll was estimated to exceed 100,000, and approximately 1.2 million people were displaced within and beyond the country. In 1997, a ceasefire was brokered between Rahmon and opposition parties under the supervision of Gerd D. Merrem, the UN Secretary-General's Special Representative, hailed as a successful UN peacekeeping endeavor. The ceasefire stipulated that 30% of ministerial positions would be allocated to the opposition. Elections were held in 1999, but they were denounced as unjust by opposition parties and foreign observers, resulting in Rahmon's re-election with 98% of the votes. Elections in 2006 were once again won by Rahmon (with 79% of the votes) and marked the beginning of his third term in office.", 0.9825872, 1)
("As white settlers began populating Montana from the 1850s through the 1870s, disputes with Native Americans ensued, primarily over land ownership and control. In 1855, Washington Territorial Governor Isaac Stevens negotiated the Hellgate treaty between the United States Government and the Salish, Pend d'Oreille, and the Kootenai people of western Montana, which established boundaries for the tribal nations. The treaty was ratified in 1859. While the treaty established what later became the Flathead Indian Reservation, trouble with interpreters and confusion over the terms of the treaty led whites to believe that the Bitterroot Valley was opened to settlement, but the tribal nations disputed those provisions. The Salish remained in the Bitterroot Valley until 1891.", " From the 1850s until the 1870s, white settlers started populating Montana, leading to disputes with Native Americans, mainly over land ownership and control. In 1855, Washington Territorial Governor Isaac Stevens negotiated the Hellgate treaty between the US government and the Salish, Pend d'Oreille, and Kootenai people of western Montana. This treaty established boundaries for the tribal nations. The treaty was ratified in 1859. However, there was confusion among whites regarding the provisions that opened the Bitterroot Valley for settlement, but the tribal nations disputed these provisions. The Salish remained in the Bitterroot Valley until 1891.", 0.98261815, 1)
('Several prominent American literary figures lived in New York during the 1830s and 1840s, including William Cullen Bryant, Washington Irving, Herman Melville, Rufus Wilmot Griswold, John Keese, Nathaniel Parker Willis, and Edgar Allan Poe. Public-minded members of the contemporaneous business elite lobbied for the establishment of Central Park, which in 1857 became the first landscaped park in an American city.', ' Several prominent American literary figures lived in New York during the 1830s and 1840s, including William Cullen Bryant, Washington Irving, Herman Melville, Rufus Wilmot Griswold, John Keese, Nathaniel Parker Willis and Edgar Allan Poe. Public-minded members of the contemporary business elite lobbied for the establishment of Central Park, which in 1857 became the first landscaped park in an American city.Translation: Several prominent American literary figures lived in New York during the 1830s and 1840s, among them William Cullen Bryant, Washington Irving, Herman Melville, Rufus Wilmot Griswold, John Keese, Nathaniel Parker Willis and Edgar Allan Poe. Members of the contemporary business elite, who were civic-minded, advocated for the creation of Central Park. This park, which opened in 1857, was the first landscaped park in an American city.', 0.9826479, 1)
('By law, religious communities must register by the State Committee on Religious Affairs (SCRA) and with local authorities. Registration with the SCRA requires a charter, a list of 10 or more members, and evidence of local government approval prayer site location. Religious groups who do not have a physical structure are not allowed to gather publicly for prayer. Failure to register can result in large fines and closure of place of worship. There are reports that registration on the local level is sometimes difficult to obtain. People under the age of 18 are also barred from public religious practice.', ' According to law, religious communities must register with the State Committee for Religious Affairs (SCRA) and local authorities. Registration with the SCRA requires a statute, a list of at least ten members, and proof of local government approval of a place of worship. Religious groups that do not have a physical structure may not gather publicly for prayer. Lack of registration can lead to large fines and closing of the meeting place. There are reports that registration at the local level can be difficult to obtain. People under the age of eighteen are also prohibited from following public religious practices.', 0.98272, 1)
("The first draft of the Convention included political killings, but these provisions were removed in a political and diplomatic compromise following objections from some countries, including the USSR, a permanent security council member. The USSR argued that the Convention's definition should follow the etymology of the term, and may have feared greater international scrutiny of its own Great Purge. Other nations feared that including political groups in the definition would invite international intervention in domestic politics. However leading genocide scholar William Schabas states: “Rigorous examination of the travaux fails to confirm a popular impression in the literature that the opposition to inclusion of political genocide was some Soviet machination. The Soviet views were also shared by a number of other States for whom it is difficult to establish any geographic or social common denominator: Lebanon, Sweden, Brazil, Peru, Venezuela, the Philippines, the Dominican Republic, Iran, Egypt, Belgium, and Uruguay. The exclusion of political groups was in fact originally promoted by a non-governmental organization, the World Jewish Congress, and it corresponded to Raphael Lemkin’s vision of the nature of the crime of genocide.” ", ' The first design of the Convention included political murders, but these provisions were removed in political and diplomatic compromises due to objections from several countries, among them the USSR, a permanent member of the Security Council. The USSR argued that the definition of the Convention should follow the etymology of the word, and possibly feared increasing international control over its own Great Purge. Other nations feared that adding political groups to the definition would invite international intervention in domestic politics. However, according to renowned genocide scholar William Schabas: "A careful examination of the archives confirms not the popular impression in the literature that resistance against the inclusion of political genocide was a Soviet maneuver. The Soviet views were also shared by several other states whose common characteristics are not recognizable: Lebanon, Sweden, Brazil, Peru, Venezuela, the Philippines, the Dominican Republic, Iran, Egypt, Belgium, and Uruguay. The exclusion of political groups was in fact initially proposed by a non-governmental organization, the World Jewish Congress, and it corresponded to Raphael Lemkin\'s view of the nature of the crime of genocide."', 0.9827609, 1)
('Because of the magnitude of the quake, and the media attention on China, foreign nations and organizations immediately responded to the disaster by offering condolences and assistance. On May 14, UNICEF reported that China formally requested the support of the international community to respond to the needs of affected families.', ' Due to the magnitude of the earthquake, and the extensive media coverage of China, foreign nations and organizations reacted swiftly to the disaster by extending their condolences and offering assistance. On May 14, UNICEF announced that China had formally requested the help of the international community to address the needs of the affected families.', 0.982793, 1)
('Tsai writes that shortly after the visit by Deshin Shekpa, the Yongle Emperor ordered the construction of a road and of trading posts in the upper reaches of the Yangzi and Mekong Rivers in order to facilitate trade with Tibet in tea, horses, and salt. The trade route passed through Sichuan and crossed Shangri-La County in Yunnan. Wang and Nyima assert that this "tribute-related trade" of the Ming exchanging Chinese tea for Tibetan horses—while granting Tibetan envoys and Tibetan merchants explicit permission to trade with Han Chinese merchants—"furthered the rule of the Ming dynasty court over Tibet". Rossabi and Sperling note that this trade in Tibetan horses for Chinese tea existed long before the Ming. Peter C. Perdue says that Wang Anshi (1021–1086), realizing that China could not produce enough militarily capable steeds, had also aimed to obtain horses from Inner Asia in exchange for Chinese tea. The Chinese needed horses not only for cavalry but also as draft animals for the army\'s supply wagons. The Tibetans required Chinese tea not only as a common beverage but also as a religious ceremonial supplement. The Ming government imposed a monopoly on tea production and attempted to regulate this trade with state-supervised markets, but these collapsed in 1449 due to military failures and internal ecological and commercial pressures on the tea-producing regions.', ' Tsai writes that shortly after Deshin Shekpa\'s visit, the Yongle Emperor ordered the construction of a road and trading posts in the upper reaches of the Yangtsekiang and Mekong rivers to promote trade with Tibet in tea, horses, and salt. The trade route passed through Sichuan and cut through Shangri-La district in Yunnan. Wang and Nyima state that this "legal trade" of the Ming, in which Chinese tea was exchanged for Tibetan horses — Tibetans explicitly allowed trading with Han-Chinese merchants — "strengthened the Ming imperial court\'s rule over Tibet." Rossabi and Sperling note that this trade in Tibetan horses for Chinese tea had existed long before the Ming. Peter C. Perdue states that Wang Anshi (1021–1086), recognizing that China could not produce enough militarily capable riding horses domestically, also sought to obtain horses from Inner Asia in exchange for Chinese tea. The Chinese required horses not only for cavalry but also as draft animals for military supply wagons. The Tibetans required Chinese tea not only as a common beverage, but also as a religious ceremonial addition. The Ming regime established a monopoly on tea production and attempted to regulate this trade through state-supervised markets, but they collapsed in 1449 due to military failures and internal ecological and commercial pressures on tea-producing regions.', 0.98284876, 1)
("Thomas Newman returned as Spectre's composer. Rather than composing the score once the film had moved into post-production, Newman worked during filming. The theatrical trailer released in July 2015 contained a rendition of John Barry's On Her Majesty's Secret Service theme. Mendes revealed that the final film would have more than one hundred minutes of music. The soundtrack album was released on 23 October 2015 in the UK and 6 November 2015 in the USA on the Decca Records label.", 'Thomas Newman returned as the composer for Spectre. Instead of composing the score after the film had moved into post-production, Newman worked during filming. The theatrical trailer, which was released in July 2015, contained a rendition of John Barry\'s "On Her Majesty\'s Secret Service" theme. Mendes revealed that the final film would have over 100 minutes of music. The soundtrack album was released on 23 October 2015 in the UK and 6 November 2015 in the USA on the Decca Records label.', 0.9828667, 1)
("The first U.S. Army post established in Montana was Camp Cooke on the Missouri River in 1866 to protect steamboat traffic going to Fort Benton, Montana. More than a dozen additional military outposts were established in the state. Pressure over land ownership and control increased due to discoveries of gold in various parts of Montana and surrounding states. Major battles occurred in Montana during Red Cloud's War, the Great Sioux War of 1876, the Nez Perce War and in conflicts with Piegan Blackfeet. The most notable of these were the Marias Massacre (1870), Battle of the Little Bighorn (1876), Battle of the Big Hole (1877) and Battle of Bear Paw (1877). The last recorded conflict in Montana between the U.S. Army and Native Americans occurred in 1887 during the Battle of Crow Agency in the Big Horn country. Indian survivors who had signed treaties were generally required to move onto reservations.", ' The first American military post in Montana was Camp Cooke by the Missouri River in 1866, to protect river traffic heading to Fort Benton in Montana. More than a dozen additional military posts were established in the state. Pressure on land claims and control grew due to gold discoveries in various areas of Montana and surrounding states. Significant victories occurred in Montana during the Red Clouds War, the Great Sioux War of 1876, the Nez Perce War, and in conflicts with Piegan Blackfeet. The most notable of these were the Marias Massacre (1870), Battle of the Little Bighorn (1876), Battle of Big Hole (1877), and Battle of Bear Paw (1877). The last recorded fight between the American army and the native population in Montana took place in 1887 during the Battle of Crow Agency in the Big Horn region. Indians who had signed treaties were generally forced to move to reservations.', 0.9828706, 1)
('Prior to its UK release, Spectre mostly received positive reviews. Mark Kermode, writing in The Guardian, gave the film four out of five stars, observing that the film did not live up to the standard set by Skyfall, but was able to tap into audience expectations. Writing in the same publication, Peter Bradshaw gave the film a full five stars, calling it "inventive, intelligent and complex", and singling out Craig\'s performance as the film\'s highlight. In another five star review, The Daily Telegraph\'s Robbie Collin described Spectre as "a swaggering show of confidence\'", lauding it as "a feat of pure cinematic necromancy." In an otherwise positive, but overall less enthusiastic review, IGN\'s Chris Tilly considered Spectre "solid if unspectacular", and gave the film a 7.2 score (out of a possible 10), saying that "the film falls frustratingly short of greatness."', " Before its UK release, Spectre received mostly positive reviews. Mark Kermode, writing in The Guardian, gave the film four out of five stars, noting that it didn't reach the level set by Skyfall but met audience expectations. In the same publication, Peter Bradshaw awarded the film a full five stars, deeming it inventive, intelligent, and complex, and emphasizing Craig's performance. The Daily Telegraph's Robbie Collin also gave Spectre five stars, hailing it as a bold display of confidence and a cinematic necromancy feat. In a generally positive, yet less enthusiastic review, IGN's Chris Tilly rated the film 7.2 out of 10, stating that it disappointingly falls short of greatness.", 0.9828737, 1)
('Soon after the victory in Ü-Tsang, Güshi Khan organized a welcoming ceremony for Lozang Gyatso once he arrived a day\'s ride from Shigatse, presenting his conquest of Tibet as a gift to the Dalai Lama. In a second ceremony held within the main hall of the Shigatse fortress, Güshi Khan enthroned the Dalai Lama as the ruler of Tibet, but conferred the actual governing authority to the regent Sonam Chöpel. Although Güshi Khan had granted the Dalai Lama "supreme authority" as Goldstein writes, the title of \'King of Tibet\' was conferred upon Güshi Khan, spending his summers in pastures north of Lhasa and occupying Lhasa each winter. Van Praag writes that at this point Güshi Khan maintained control over the armed forces, but accepted his inferior status towards the Dalai Lama. Rawski writes that the Dalai Lama shared power with his regent and Güshi Khan during his early secular and religious reign. However, Rawski states that he eventually "expanded his own authority by presenting himself as Avalokiteśvara through the performance of rituals," by building the Potala Palace and other structures on traditional religious sites, and by emphasizing lineage reincarnation through written biographies. Goldstein states that the government of Güshi Khan and the Dalai Lama persecuted the Karma Kagyu sect, confiscated their wealth and property, and even converted their monasteries into Gelug monasteries. Rawski writes that this Mongol patronage allowed the Gelugpas to dominate the rival religious sects in Tibet.', ' After the victory in Ü-Tsang, Güshi Khan organized a welcoming ceremony for Lozang Gyatso when he reached a day\'s ride from Shigatse, and presented Tibet\'s conquest as a gift to the Dalai Lama. In a second ceremony, held in the main building of the Shigatse fortress, the Dalai Lama was crowned as ruler of Tibet by Güshi Khan, but the real power was entrusted to the regent Sonam Chöpel. Although, according to Goldstein, Güshi Khan had granted the "highest power" to the Dalai Lama, the title of King of Tibet was given to Güshi Khan, who spent his summers in weiden north of Lhasa and entered Lhasa every winter. According to Van Praag, Güshi Khan had control over the armed forces at that time, but he accepted a subordinate status to the Dalai Lama. Rawski writes that the Dalai Lama shared power with his regent and.', 0.9830272, 1)
("To promote the film, production continued the trend established during Skyfall's production of releasing still images of clapperboards and video blogs on Eon's official social media accounts.", " To promote the film, production continued the trend started during the Skyfall production by publishing photos of clapperboards and video blogs on Eon's official social media accounts.", 0.98309946, 1)
('The Queensboro Bridge is an important piece of cantilever architecture. The Manhattan Bridge, Throgs Neck Bridge, Triborough Bridge, and Verrazano-Narrows Bridge are all examples of Structural Expressionism.', ' The Queensboro Bridge is an essential part of cantilever architecture. The Manhattan Bridge, Throgs Neck Bridge, Triborough Bridge, and Verrazano-Narrows Bridge are all examples of Structural Expressionism.', 0.9831192, 1)
('On October 21, 2008, Apple reported that only 14.21% of total revenue for fiscal quarter 4 of year 2008 came from iPods. At the September 9, 2009 keynote presentation at the Apple Event, Phil Schiller announced total cumulative sales of iPods exceeded 220 million. The continual decline of iPod sales since 2009 has not been a surprising trend for the Apple corporation, as Apple CFO Peter Oppenheimer explained in June 2009: "We expect our traditional MP3 players to decline over time as we cannibalize ourselves with the iPod Touch and the iPhone." Since 2009, the company\'s iPod sales have continually decreased every financial quarter and in 2013 a new model was not introduced onto the market.', ' On October 21, 2008, Apple announced that 14.21% of the total revenue for the fourth quarter of 2008 came from iPods. During the Apple Event on September 9, 2009, Phil Schiller presented total iPod sales figures of 220 million. The gradual decline of iPod sales figures since 2009 was no surprise for Apple Inc., as CFO Peter Oppenheimer stated in June 2009: "We expect our traditional MP3 players to gradually decrease, as we cannibalize ourselves with the iPod Touch and the iPhone." Since 2009, iPod sales figures have declined continuously every financial quarter, and in 2013, no new model was introduced on the market.', 0.98313856, 1)
('The Association for Asian Studies states that there is no known written evidence to suggest that later leaders of the Gelug—Gendün Drup (1391–1474) and Gendün Gyatso (1475–1571)—had any contacts with Ming China. These two religious leaders were preoccupied with an overriding concern for dealing with the powerful secular Rinpungpa princes, who were patrons and protectors of the Karma Kargyu lamas. The Rinpungpa leaders were relatives of the Phagmodrupa, yet their authority shifted over time from simple governors to rulers in their own right over large areas of Ü-Tsang. The prince of Rinbung occupied Lhasa in 1498 and excluded the Gelug from attending New Years ceremonies and prayers, the most important event in the Gelug. While the task of New Years prayers in Lhasa was granted to the Karmapa and others, Gendün Gyatso traveled in exile looking for allies. However, it was not until 1518 that the secular Phagmodru ruler captured Lhasa from the Rinbung, and thereafter the Gelug was given rights to conduct the New Years prayer. When the Drikung Kagyu abbot of Drigung Monastery threatened Lhasa in 1537, Gendün Gyatso was forced to abandon the Drepung Monastery, although he eventually returned.', 'The Association for Asian Studies states that there is no documented evidence to indicate that later Gelug leaders, Gendün Drup (1391–1474) and Gendün Gyatso (1475–1571), had any contacts with Ming China. These religious figures were primarily focused on dealing with the powerful secular Rinpungpa princes, who were patrons and protectors of the Karma Kargyu lamas. The Rinpungpa leaders were relatives of the Phagmodrupa, yet their authority evolved over time from simple governors to rulers in their own right over large areas of Ü-Tsang. The prince of Rinbung seized Lhasa in 1498 and barred the Gelug from attending New Year ceremonies and prayers, the most significant event in the Gelug tradition. While the task of New Year prayers in Lhasa was granted to the Karmapa and others, Gendün Gyatso traveled in exile seeking allies. However, it was not until 1518 that the secular Phagmodru ruler recaptured Lhasa from the Rinpung, and thereafter, the Gelug were granted the right to conduct the New Year prayer. When the Drikung Kagyu abbot of Drigung Monastery threatened Lhasa in 1537, Gendün Gyatso was forced to abandon Drepung Monastery, but he eventually returned.', 0.9831653, 1)
('The city is represented in the National Football League by the New York Giants and the New York Jets, although both teams play their home games at MetLife Stadium in nearby East Rutherford, New Jersey, which hosted Super Bowl XLVIII in 2014.', ' The city is represented in the National Football League by the New York Giants and the New York Jets, although both teams play their home games at MetLife Stadium in nearby East Rutherford, New Jersey, which hosted Super Bowl XLVIII in 2014.Explanation for the given Dutch text:The city: de stadis represented: wordt vertegenwoordigdin the National Football League: in de National Football Leagueby the New York Giants and the New York Jets: door de New York Giants en de New York Jetsalthough: hoewelboth teams: beide teamsplay their home games: hun thuiswedstrijden spelenat MetLife Stadium: in MetLife Stadiumin nearby East Rutherford: in nabij East RutherfordNew Jersey: New Jerseywhich hosted Super Bowl XLVIII in 2014: dat Super Bowl XLVIII in 2014 gastgehouden heeft.Translation: The city is represented in the National Football League by the New York Giants and the New York Jets. Both teams play their home games at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey, which hosted Super Bowl XLVIII in 2014.', 0.98316896, 1)
('Several organizations concerned with antimicrobial resistance are lobbying to eliminate the unnecessary use of antibiotics. The issues of misuse and overuse of antibiotics have been addressed by the formation of the US Interagency Task Force on Antimicrobial Resistance. This task force aims to actively address antimicrobial resistance, and is coordinated by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), and the National Institutes of Health (NIH), as well as other US agencies. An NGO campaign group is Keep Antibiotics Working. In France, an "Antibiotics are not automatic" government campaign started in 2002 and led to a marked reduction of unnecessary antibiotic prescriptions, especially in children.', ' Several organizations dealing with antimicrobial resistance are lobbying for the elimination of unnecessary use of antibiotics. The issues of misuse and overuse of antibiotics have been addressed through the formation of the US Interagency Task Force on Antimicrobial Resistance. This committee, coordinated by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the National Institutes of Health (NIH), and other US agencies, aims to actively address antimicrobial resistance. A campaign group called Keep Antibiotics Working is an NGO in this field. In France, a government campaign called "Antibiotics are not automatic" started in 2002 and led to a significant reduction of unnecessary antibiotic prescriptions, particularly in children.', 0.9832269, 1)
('The Red Cross Society of China flew 557 tents and 2,500 quilts valued at 788,000 yuan (US$113,000) to Wenchuan County. The Amity Foundation already began relief work in the region and has earmarked US$143,000 for disaster relief. The Sichuan Ministry of Civil Affairs said that they have provided 30,000 tents for those left homeless.', ' The Red Cross Society of China transported 557 tents and 2,500 quilts worth 788,000 yuan (US$113,000) to Wenchuan County. The Amity Foundation has initiated relief efforts in the area and allocated US$143,000 for disaster relief. The Sichuan Ministry of Civil Affairs has supplied 30,000 tents for those who have lost their homes.', 0.9832291, 1)
('As of 2007, the total installed capacity of solar hot water systems is approximately 154 thermal gigawatt (GWth). China is the world leader in their deployment with 70 GWth installed as of 2006 and a long-term goal of 210 GWth by 2020. Israel and Cyprus are the per capita leaders in the use of solar hot water systems with over 90% of homes using them. In the United States, Canada and Australia heating swimming pools is the dominant application of solar hot water with an installed capacity of 18 GWth as of 2005.', ' Since 2007, the total installed capacity of solar hot water systems was approximately 154 thermal gigawatt (GWth). China had the highest installation with 70 GWth by 2006 and a long-term goal of 210 GWth by 2020. Israel and Cyprus were the countries with the highest usage per capita, with over 90% of households using solar hot water. In the United States, Canada, and Australia, heating swimming pools was the primary application of solar hot water, with an installed capacity of 18 GWth by 2005.', 0.98326087, 1)
("After gaining the Master Sword, Link is cleansed of the magic that kept him in wolf form, obtaining the Shadow Crystal. Now able to use it to switch between both forms at will, Link is led by Midna to the Mirror of Twilight located deep within the Gerudo Desert, the only known gateway between the Twilight Realm and Hyrule. However, they discover that the mirror is broken. The Sages there explain that Zant tried to destroy it, but he was only able to shatter it into fragments; only the true ruler of the Twili can completely destroy the Mirror of Twilight. They also reveal that they used it a century ago to banish Ganondorf, the Gerudo leader who attempted to steal the Triforce, to the Twilight Realm when executing him failed. Assisted by an underground resistance group they meet in Castle Town, Link and Midna set out to retrieve the missing shards of the Mirror, defeating those they infected. Once the portal has been restored, Midna is revealed to be the true ruler of the Twilight Realm, usurped by Zant when he cursed her into her current form. Confronting Zant, Link and Midna learn that Zant's coup was made possible when he forged a pact with Ganondorf, who asked for Zant's assistance in conquering Hyrule. After Link defeats Zant, Midna recovers the Fused Shadows, but destroys Zant after learning that only Ganondorf's death can release her from her curse. Returning to Hyrule, Link and Midna find Ganondorf in Hyrule Castle, with a lifeless Zelda suspended above his head. Ganondorf fights Link by possessing Zelda's body and eventually by transforming into a beast, but Link defeats him and Midna is able to resurrect Zelda.", " After obtaining the Master Sword, Link is released from the magic that kept him in wolf form, and receives the Shadow Crystal. Now able to change between both forms, Link is led by Midna to the Mirror of Darkness, which is deep in the Gerudo Desert and the only known entrance between the Dark Realm and Hyrule. But they discover that the mirror is broken. The Sages explain that Zant attempted to destroy it, but could only shatter it; only the true ruler of the Dark Realm can fully destroy the Mirror of Darkness. They also reveal that they used it a century ago to banish Ganondorf, the Gerudo leader who attempted to steal the Triforce, to the Dark Realm when his execution failed. With the help of an underground resistance group they meet in Castle Town, Link and Midna search for the missing pieces of the mirror, and defeat those who have infected them. When the portal is restored, Midna is revealed as the true ruler of the Dark Realm, who was driven out by Zant when he cursed her in her weakened state. Returning to Hyrule, Link and Midna find Ganondorf in Hyrule Castle, with an empty Zelda above his head. Ganondorf fights Link by possessing Zelda's body and ultimately transforming into a beast, but Link defeats him and Midna revives Zelda.", 0.98326164, 0)
("The dock connector also allowed the iPod to connect to accessories, which often supplement the iPod's music, video, and photo playback. Apple sells a few accessories, such as the now-discontinued iPod Hi-Fi, but most are manufactured by third parties such as Belkin and Griffin. Some peripherals use their own interface, while others use the iPod's own screen. Because the dock connector is a proprietary interface, the implementation of the interface requires paying royalties to Apple.", " The dock-connector enabled the iPod to connect to devices that frequently enhanced its music, video, and photo playback. Apple markets some devices, such as the currently unavailable iPod Hi-Fi, but most are manufactured by third parties like Belkin and Griffin. Some peripherals employ their own interface, while others exploit the iPod's screen capabilities. Given that the dock-connector is a proprietary interface, integrating the interface necessitates the payment of royalties to Apple.", 0.9832648, 1)
("Tourist hotspots in Portugal are Lisbon, Algarve, Madeira, Porto and the city of Coimbra, also, between 4-5 million religious pilgrims visit Fátima each year, where apparitions of the Blessed Virgin Mary to three shepherd children reportedly took place in 1917. The Sanctuary of Fátima is one of the largest Roman Catholic shrines in the world. The Portuguese government continues to promote and develop new tourist destinations, such as the Douro Valley, the island of Porto Santo, and Alentejo. Lisbon is the 16th European city which attracts the most tourists (with seven million tourists occupying the city's hotels in 2006, a number that grew 11.8% compared to previous year). Lisbon in recent years surpassed the Algarve as the leading tourist region in Portugal. Porto and Northern Portugal, especially the urban areas north of Douro River valley, was the tourist destination which grew most (11.9%) in 2006, surpassing Madeira (in 2010), as the third most visited destination.[citation needed]", ' Tourist attractions in Portugal include Lisbon, Algarve, Madeira, Porto, and the city of Coimbra. Approximately 4-5 million religious pilgrims visit Fátima each year, where the Blessed Virgin Mary reportedly appeared to three shepherd children in 1917. The Sanctuary of Fátima is one of the largest Roman Catholic shrines in the world. The Portuguese government continues to promote and develop new tourist destinations, such as the Douro Valley, the island of Porto Santo, and Alentejo.Lisbon is the 16th European city with the most tourists, with seven million tourists occupying its hotels in 2006, a number that grew 11.8% compared to the previous year. Lisbon has surpassed the Algarve as the leading tourist region in Portugal in recent years. Porto and Northern Portugal, particularly the urban areas north of the Douro River valley, were the third most visited destination in 2006, surpassing Madeira (in 2010). [Citation needed]', 0.98327214, 1)
('Antibiotics are screened for any negative effects on humans or other mammals before approval for clinical use, and are usually considered safe and most are well tolerated. However, some antibiotics have been associated with a range of adverse side effects. Side-effects range from mild to very serious depending on the antibiotics used, the microbial organisms targeted, and the individual patient. Side effects may reflect the pharmacological or toxicological properties of the antibiotic or may involve hypersensitivity reactions or anaphylaxis. Safety profiles of newer drugs are often not as well established as for those that have a long history of use. Adverse effects range from fever and nausea to major allergic reactions, including photodermatitis and anaphylaxis. Common side-effects include diarrhea, resulting from disruption of the species composition in the intestinal flora, resulting, for example, in overgrowth of pathogenic bacteria, such as Clostridium difficile. Antibacterials can also affect the vaginal flora, and may lead to overgrowth of yeast species of the genus Candida in the vulvo-vaginal area. Additional side-effects can result from interaction with other drugs, such as elevated risk of tendon damage from administration of a quinolone antibiotic with a systemic corticosteroid. Some scientists have hypothesized that the indiscriminate use of antibiotics alter the host microbiota and this has been associated with chronic disease.', 'Antibiotics are tested for negative effects on humans or other mammals before they are approved for clinical use, and are generally considered safe and well-tolerated. however, some antibiotics are associated with a broad spectrum of unwanted side effects. Side effects vary from mild to very serious, depending on the used antibiotics, the microbiological organisms being treated, and the individual patient. Side effects can originate from the pharmacological or toxicological properties of the antibiotic or from hypersensitive reactions or anaphylaxis. The safety profiles of new drugs are often not as well known as for those with a long history of use. Side effects range from fever and nausea to serious allergic reactions, including photodermatitis and anaphylaxis. Common side effects are diarrhea, caused by disruption of the bacterial balance in the gut, leading to overgrowth of pathogenic bacteria, such as Clostridium difficile. Antibiotics can also influence the vaginal flora and lead to overgrowth of fungal species of the Candida genus in the vulvo-vaginal area. Additional side effects can occur due to interactions with other medications, such as an increased risk of urinary tract infections when administered with a quinolone antibiotic and a systemic corticosteroid. Some scientists have hypothesized that the random use of antibiotics alters the gut flora and is associated with chronic diseases.', 0.9833153, 1)
('At the end of 1831, Chopin received the first major endorsement from an outstanding contemporary when Robert Schumann, reviewing the Op. 2 Variations in the Allgemeine musikalische Zeitung (his first published article on music), declared: "Hats off, gentlemen! A genius." On 26 February 1832 Chopin gave a debut Paris concert at the Salle Pleyel which drew universal admiration. The critic François-Joseph Fétis wrote in the Revue et gazette musicale: "Here is a young man who ... taking no model, has found, if not a complete renewal of piano music, ... an abundance of original ideas of a kind to be found nowhere else ..." After this concert, Chopin realized that his essentially intimate keyboard technique was not optimal for large concert spaces. Later that year he was introduced to the wealthy Rothschild banking family, whose patronage also opened doors for him to other private salons (social gatherings of the aristocracy and artistic and literary elite). By the end of 1832 Chopin had established himself among the Parisian musical elite, and had earned the respect of his peers such as Hiller, Liszt, and Berlioz. He no longer depended financially upon his father, and in the winter of 1832 he began earning a handsome income from publishing his works and teaching piano to affluent students from all over Europe. This freed him from the strains of public concert-giving, which he disliked.', ' At the end of 1831, Chopin received the first significant recognition from a distinguished contemporary when Robert Schumann, reviewing the Op. 2 Variations in the Allgemeine musikalische Zeitung (his first published music article), exclaimed: "Bend forward, gentlemen! A genius." On February 26, 1832, Chopin gave his debut concert in Paris at the Salle Pleyel, which drew universal acclaim. The critic François-Joseph Fétis wrote in the Revue et gazette musicale: "Here is a young man who ... found an abundance of original ideas, of a kind to be found nowhere else ..." After this concert, Chopin realized that his essentially intimate performance technique was not suitable for large concert halls. Later that year, he was introduced to the wealthy Rothschild banking family, whose patronage also granted him access to other private salons (social gatherings of the aristocracy and artistic and literary elite). By the end of 1832, Chopin had established himself in the Paris music world, and had earned the respect of his peers such as Hiller, Liszt and Berlioz. He was no longer financially dependent on his father, and in the winter of 1832, he began earning a magnificent income by publishing his works and teaching piano to wealthy European students. This freed him from the burdens of public concert giving, which he hated.', 0.9835643, 1)
('According to Tibetologist John Powers, Tibetan sources counter this narrative of titles granted by the Chinese to Tibetans with various titles which the Tibetans gave to the Chinese emperors and their officials. Tribute missions from Tibetan monasteries to the Chinese court brought back not only titles, but large, commercially valuable gifts which could subsequently be sold. The Ming emperors sent invitations to ruling lamas, but the lamas sent subordinates rather than coming themselves, and no Tibetan ruler ever explicitly accepted the role of being a vassal of the Ming.', ' According to Tibetan sources, Tibetan monks countered this narrative of titles granted by the Chinese to Tibetans with various titles which the Tibetans gave to the Chinese emperors and their officials. Tribute missions from Tibetan monasteries to the Chinese court brought back not only titles, but large, commercially valuable gifts which could subsequently be sold. The Ming emperors sent invitations to ruling lamas, but the lamas sent subordinates rather than coming themselves, and no Tibetan ruler ever explicitly accepted the role of being a vassal of the Ming. In Dutch: Volgens Tibetaanse bronnen gaven Tibetanen deze verhaal van door de Chinezen aan Tibetanen verleende titels tegen met verschillende titels die zij aan de Chinese keizers en hun ambassadeurs gaven. Tributiegiften van Tibetaanse kloosters aan het Chinese hof brachten niet alleen titels, maar grote, commercieel waardevolle geschenken terug, die vervolgens verkocht konden worden. De Ming keizers stuurden uitnodigingen aan regerende lamas, maar de lamas stuurden in plaats daarvan ondergeschikten en geen Tibetaanse heerser heeft ooit de rol van vasal van de Ming expliciet aanvaard.', 0.9835967, 1)
("Winters are cold and damp, and prevailing wind patterns that blow offshore minimize the moderating effects of the Atlantic Ocean; yet the Atlantic and the partial shielding from colder air by the Appalachians keep the city warmer in the winter than inland North American cities at similar or lesser latitudes such as Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, and Indianapolis. The daily mean temperature in January, the area's coldest month, is 32.6 °F (0.3 °C); however, temperatures usually drop to 10 °F (−12 °C) several times per winter, and reach 50 °F (10 °C) several days each winter month. Spring and autumn are unpredictable and can range from chilly to warm, although they are usually mild with low humidity. Summers are typically warm to hot and humid, with a daily mean temperature of 76.5 °F (24.7 °C) in July and an average humidity level of 72%. Nighttime conditions are often exacerbated by the urban heat island phenomenon, while daytime temperatures exceed 90 °F (32 °C) on average of 17 days each summer and in some years exceed 100 °F (38 °C). In the warmer months, the dew point, a measure of atmospheric moisture, ranges from 57.3 °F (14.1 °C) in June to 62.0 °F (16.7 °C) in August. Extreme temperatures have ranged from −15 °F (−26 °C), recorded on February 9, 1934, up to 106 °F (41 °C) on July 9, 1936.", ' The winters are cold and moist, and established wind patterns that blow out to sea reduce the moderating effects of the Atlantic Ocean; however, the Atlantic and partial protection by the Appalachians keep the city warmer than inland North American cities with similar or lower latitude, such as Pittsburgh, Cincinnati and Indianapolis. The average daily temperature in January, the coldest month, is 32.6 °F (0.3 °C); however, temperatures drop several times per winter to 10 °F (−12 °C), and reach 50 °F (10 °C) several days every winter month. Springs and autumns are unpredictable and can vary from cold to warm, although they are usually mild with low humidity. Summers are generally warm to hot and humid, with an average temperature of 76.5 °F (24.7 °C) in July and an average humidity of 72%. Nighttime conditions are often aggravated by the urban heat island effect, while daytime temperatures average 90 °F (32 °C) per summer year and reach above 100 °F (38 °C) in some years. In warm months, the dew point, a meteorological measure of air humidity, ranges from 57.3 °F (14.1 °C) in June to 62.0 °F (16.7 °C) in August. Extreme temperatures have been recorded as low as −15 °F (−26 °C) on February 9, 1934, and as high as 106 °F (41 °C) on July 9, 1936.', 0.98361015, 1)
('The city and surrounding area suffered the bulk of the economic damage and largest loss of human life in the aftermath of the September 11, 2001 attacks when 10 of the 19 terrorists associated with Al-Qaeda piloted American Airlines Flight 11 into the North Tower of the World Trade Center and United Airlines Flight 175 into the South Tower of the World Trade Center, and later destroyed them, killing 2,192 civilians, 343 firefighters, and 71 law enforcement officers who were in the towers and in the surrounding area. The rebuilding of the area, has created a new One World Trade Center, and a 9/11 memorial and museum along with other new buildings and infrastructure. The World Trade Center PATH station, which opened on July 19, 1909 as the Hudson Terminal, was also destroyed in the attack. A temporary station was built and opened on November 23, 2003. A permanent station, the World Trade Center Transportation Hub, is currently under construction. The new One World Trade Center is the tallest skyscraper in the Western Hemisphere and the fourth-tallest building in the world by pinnacle height, with its spire reaching a symbolic 1,776 feet (541.3 m) in reference to the year of American independence.', ' The city and surroundings suffered the greatest economic damage and the highest number of civilian casualties after the September 11, 2001 attacks when 10 of the 19 terrorists linked to Al-Qaeda hijacked American Airlines Flight 11 and United Airlines Flight 175, which later crashed into the North Tower and South Tower of the World Trade Center respectively, resulting in the deaths of 2,192 civilians, 343 firefighters, and 71 police officers, who were in the towers and the surrounding area. The recovery of the area has resulted in a new One World Trade Center and a 9/11 memorial and museum, along with other new buildings and infrastructure. The World Trade Center PATH-station, which opened on July 19, 1909 as Hudson Terminal, was also destroyed in the attack. A temporary station was built and opened on November 23, 2003. A permanent station, the World Trade Center Transportation Hub, is currently under construction. The new One World Trade Center is the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere and the fourth tallest structure in the world, with its spire reaching a symbolic height of 1,776 feet (541.3 m) in reference to the year of American independence.', 0.9836357, 1)
('The main cast was revealed in December 2014 at the 007 Stage at Pinewood Studios. Daniel Craig returned for his fourth appearance as James Bond, while Ralph Fiennes, Naomie Harris and Ben Whishaw reprised their roles as M, Eve Moneypenny and Q respectively, having been established in Skyfall. Rory Kinnear also reprised his role as Bill Tanner in his third appearance in the series.', 'In December 2014, the main cast was revealed at the 007 Stage at Pinewood Studios. Daniel Craig returned for his fourth appearance as James Bond, while Ralph Fiennes, Naomie Harris and Ben Whishaw reprised their roles as M, Eve Moneypenny and Q respectively, having been established in Skyfall. Rory Kinnear also reprised his role as Bill Tanner in his third appearance in the series.Translation:In December 2014, the main cast was revealed at the 007 Stage at Pinewood Studios. Daniel Craig came back for his fourth portrayal of James Bond, while Ralph Fiennes, Naomie Harris and Ben Whishaw repeated their roles as M, Eve Moneypenny and Q respectively, having been established in Skyfall. Rory Kinnear also repeated his role as Bill Tanner in his third appearance in the series.', 0.98367167, 1)
("The Ming dynasty granted titles to lamas of schools such as the Karmapa Kargyu, but the latter had previously declined Mongol invitations to receive titles. When the Ming Yongle Emperor invited Je Tsongkhapa (1357–1419), founder of the Gelug school, to come to the Ming court and pay tribute, the latter declined. Wang and Nyima write that this was due to old age and physical weakness, and also because of efforts being made to build three major monasteries. Chen Qingying states that Tsongkhapa wrote a letter to decline the Emperor's invitation, and in this reply, Tsongkhapa wrote:", " The Ming-dynasty granted titles to lamas of schools such as the Karmapa Kargyu, but they had earlier refused Mongolian offers for titles. When the Ming Yongle Emperor Je Tsongkhapa (1357–1419), the founder of the Gelug-school, was invited by the Emperor to come to the Ming court and pay respects, he declined. Wang and Nyima write that this was due to his old age and physical weakness, and also because of attempts to build three great monasteries. Chen Qingying mentions that Tsongkhapa wrote a letter to decline the Emperor's invitation.", 0.98379403, 1)
('The Democratic Party holds the majority of public offices. As of November 2008, 67% of registered voters in the city are Democrats. New York City has not been carried by a Republican in a statewide or presidential election since President Calvin Coolidge won the five boroughs in 1924. In 2012, Democrat Barack Obama became the first presidential candidate of any party to receive more than 80% of the overall vote in New York City, sweeping all five boroughs. Party platforms center on affordable housing, education, and economic development, and labor politics are of importance in the city.', ' The Democratic Party holds the most public offices in the city. Since November 2008, 67% of the registered voters in the city are Democrats. New York City has not been carried by a Republican in a state or presidential election since 1924. In 2012, Democratic candidate Barack Obama was the first presidential candidate of any party to receive over 80% of the overall votes in New York City, winning in all five boroughs. Party platforms focus on affordable housing, education, and economic development. Labor politics are important in the city.', 0.9838016, 1)
('Solar power is the conversion of sunlight into electricity, either directly using photovoltaics (PV), or indirectly using concentrated solar power (CSP). CSP systems use lenses or mirrors and tracking systems to focus a large area of sunlight into a small beam. PV converts light into electric current using the photoelectric effect.', ' Solar power is the conversion of sunlight into electricity, either directly using photovoltaics (PV), or indirectly using concentrated solar power (CSP). CSP systems use lenses or mirrors and tracking systems to focus a large area of sunlight into a small beam. PV converts light into electric current using the photoelectric effect.Solar power is the conversion of sunlight into electricity. This can be done either directly using photovoltaics (PV), or indirectly using concentrated solar power (CSP).CSP systems make use of lenses or mirrors and tracking systems to focus a large area of sunlight into a small beam.PV, on the other hand, converts light into electric current using the photoelectric effect.', 0.9838246, 1)
('The state also has five Micropolitan Statistical Areas centered on Bozeman, Butte, Helena, Kalispell and Havre. These communities, excluding Havre, are colloquially known as the "big 7" Montana cities, as they are consistently the seven largest communities in Montana, with a significant population difference when these communities are compared to those that are 8th and lower on the list. According to the 2010 U.S. Census, the population of Montana\'s seven most populous cities, in rank order, are Billings, Missoula, Great Falls, Bozeman, Butte, Helena and Kalispell. Based on 2013 census numbers, they collectively contain 35 percent of Montana\'s population. and the counties containing these communities hold 62 percent of the state\'s population. The geographic center of population of Montana is located in sparsely populated Meagher County, in the town of White Sulphur Springs.', 'The state has further five Micropolitan Statistical Areas around Bozeman, Butte, Helena, Kalispell and Havre. These communities, except Havre, are colloquially referred to as the "big 7" Montana cities, because they consistently are the seven largest communities in Montana, with a significant population difference compared to those that rank eighth and lower on the list. According to the 2010 United States census, the seven most populated cities in Montana, in order, were Billings, Missoula, Great Falls, Bozeman, Butte, Helena and Kalispell, with a population. According to figures from 2013, they represent together 35% of Montana\'s population, and the counties where these communities are located account for 62% of the state\'s population as a whole. The geographic center of Montana\'s population is located in the township community of Meagher County, in the place White Sulphur Springs.', 0.98383737, 1)
("Tajikistan's economy grew substantially after the war. The GDP of Tajikistan expanded at an average rate of 9.6% over the period of 2000–2007 according to the World Bank data. This improved Tajikistan's position among other Central Asian countries (namely Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan), which seem to have degraded economically ever since. The primary sources of income in Tajikistan are aluminium production, cotton growing and remittances from migrant workers. Cotton accounts for 60% of agricultural output, supporting 75% of the rural population, and using 45% of irrigated arable land. The aluminium industry is represented by the state-owned Tajik Aluminum Company – the biggest aluminium plant in Central Asia and one of the biggest in the world.", " The economy of Tajikistan grew significantly after the war. According to World Bank data, Tajikistan's BNP grew on average by 9.6% per year during the period 2000-2007. This improved Tajikistan's position in comparison to other Central Asian countries (namely Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan), which economically seem to have declined since then. The main sources of income in Tajikistan are aluminum production, cotton cultivation, and transfers from migrant labor. Cotton accounts for 60% of agricultural production, supports 75% of the rural population, and uses 45% of irrigated agricultural land. The aluminum industry is represented by the state-owned Tajik Aluminum Company – the largest aluminum factory in Central Asia and one of the largest in the world.", 0.9838437, 1)
('A CD containing 20 musical selections from the game was available as a GameStop preorder bonus in the United States; it is included in all bundles in Japan, Europe, and Australia.[citation needed]', ' A CD with 20 musical selections from the game was available as a pre-order bonus at GameStop in the United States. It is included in all bundles in Japan, Europe, and Australia.', 0.98384607, 1)
("Montana schoolchildren played a significant role in selecting several state symbols. The state tree, the ponderosa pine, was selected by Montana schoolchildren as the preferred state tree by an overwhelming majority in a referendum held in 1908. However, the legislature did not designate a state tree until 1949, when the Montana Federation of Garden Clubs, with the support of the state forester, lobbied for formal recognition. Schoolchildren also chose the western meadowlark as the state bird, in a 1930 vote, and the legislature acted to endorse this decision in 1931. Similarly, the secretary of state sponsored a children's vote in 1981 to choose a state animal, and after 74 animals were nominated, the grizzly bear won over the elk by a 2–1 margin. The students of Livingston started a statewide school petition drive plus lobbied the governor and the state legislature to name the Maiasaura as the state fossil in 1985.", " Montana children played a significant role in choosing several state symbols. The ponderosa pine was chosen as the state tree by Montana children in an overwhelming majority in a 1908 referendum. However, the legislature did not designate a state tree until 1949, when the Montana Federation of Garden Clubs, with the support of the state forester, lobbied for formal recognition. Children also chose the western meadowlark as the state bird in a 1930 vote, and the legislature acted on this decision in 1931. Similarly, the secretary of state sponsored a children's vote in 1981 to choose a state animal, and after 74 animals were nominated, the grizzly bear won over the elk by a 2–1 margin. The students of Livingston started a statewide school petition drive and lobbied the governor and the state legislature to name the Maiasaura as the state fossil in 1985.", 0.9838745, 1)
('Portugal spearheaded European exploration of the world and the Age of Discovery. Prince Henry the Navigator, son of King João I, became the main sponsor and patron of this endeavour. During this period, Portugal explored the Atlantic Ocean, discovering several Atlantic archipelagos like the Azores, Madeira, and Cape Verde, explored the African coast, colonized selected areas of Africa, discovered an eastern route to India via the Cape of Good Hope, discovered Brazil, explored the Indian Ocean, established trading routes throughout most of southern Asia, and sent the first direct European maritime trade and diplomatic missions to China and Japan.', ' Portugal led European research of the world and the Age of Discovery. Prince Henry the Navigator, son of King John I, was the main patron and protector of this enterprise. During this period, Portugal discovered the Atlantic Ocean, discovered several Atlantic archipelagos such as the Azores, Madeira and Cape Verde, discovered the African coast, colonized selected areas of Africa, discovered an eastern route to India via Cape of Good Hope, discovered Brazil, discovered the Indian Ocean, established trade routes over a large part of South Asia and sent the first direct European maritime trade missions and diplomatic missions to China and Japan.', 0.9838873, 1)
('In order to seek out the Karmapa, the Yongle Emperor dispatched his eunuch Hou Xian and the Buddhist monk Zhi Guang (d. 1435) to Tibet. Traveling to Lhasa either through Qinghai or via the Silk Road to Khotan, Hou Xian and Zhi Guang did not return to Nanjing until 1407.', ' The Yongle Emperor dispatched his eunuch Hou Xian and the Buddhist monk Zhi Guang to Tibet in order to locate the Karmapa. They journeyed to Lhasa either via Qinghai or the Silk Road to Khotan. Hou Xian and Zhi Guang did not return to Nanjing until 1407.', 0.98389655, 1)
("With filming completed in Rome, production moved to Mexico City in late March to shoot the film's opening sequence, with scenes to include the Day of the Dead festival filmed in and around the Zócalo and the Centro Histórico district. The planned scenes required the city square to be closed for filming a sequence involving a fight aboard a Messerschmitt-Bölkow-Blohm Bo 105 helicopter flown by stunt pilot Chuck Aaron, which called for modifications to be made to several buildings to prevent damage. This particular scene in Mexico required 1,500 extras, 10 giant skeletons and 250,000 paper flowers. Reports in the Mexican media added that the film's second unit would move to Palenque in the state of Chiapas, to film aerial manoeuvres considered too dangerous to shoot in an urban area.", " After filming in Rome was completed, production moved to Mexico City in late March to shoot the film's opening sequence. The planned scenes required the city square to be closed for filming a fight scene aboard a Messerschmitt-Bölkow-Blohm Bo 105 helicopter flown by stunt pilot Chuck Aaron. This necessitated modifications to several buildings to prevent damage. In Mexico, this particular scene required 1,500 extras, 10 giant skeletons, and 250,000 paper flowers. Reports in the Mexican media stated further that the second unit would move to Palenque in the state of Chiapas to film aerial maneuvers considered too dangerous to shoot in an urban area.", 0.98401964, 1)
("Critics also note the entertaining methods used to drive the plot. When Atticus is out of town, Jem locks a Sunday school classmate in the church basement with the furnace during a game of Shadrach. This prompts their black housekeeper Calpurnia to escort Scout and Jem to her church, which allows the children a glimpse into her personal life, as well as Tom Robinson's. Scout falls asleep during the Halloween pageant and makes a tardy entrance onstage, causing the audience to laugh uproariously. She is so distracted and embarrassed that she prefers to go home in her ham costume, which saves her life.", "Critics comment on the engaging methods used to further the plot. When Atticus is absent, Jem confines a Sunday school acquaintance in the church basement with the furnace during a Shadrach game. This results in Scout and Jem accompanying Calpurnia to her church, providing the children with a peek into her personal life, as well as Tom Robinson's. Scout falls asleep during the Halloween pageant and makes a late entrance on stage, causing the audience to erupt in uncontrollable laughter. She is so preoccupied and embarrassed that she decides to go home in her ham costume, which ultimately saves her life.", 0.98402625, 1)
('Scholars argue that Lee\'s approach to class and race was more complex "than ascribing racial prejudice primarily to \'poor white trash\' ... Lee demonstrates how issues of gender and class intensify prejudice, silence the voices that might challenge the existing order, and greatly complicate many Americans\' conception of the causes of racism and segregation." Lee\'s use of the middle-class narrative voice is a literary device that allows an intimacy with the reader, regardless of class or cultural background, and fosters a sense of nostalgia. Sharing Scout and Jem\'s perspective, the reader is allowed to engage in relationships with the conservative antebellum Mrs. Dubose; the lower-class Ewells, and the Cunninghams who are equally poor but behave in vastly different ways; the wealthy but ostracized Mr. Dolphus Raymond; and Calpurnia and other members of the black community. The children internalize Atticus\' admonition not to judge someone until they have walked around in that person\'s skin, gaining a greater understanding of people\'s motives and behavior.', "Researchers contend that Lee's approach to class and race is more intricate than attributing racial prejudice mainly to poor white trash ... Lee demonstrates how matters of gender and class amplify prejudice, mute voices that could challenge the established order, and significantly complicate many Americans' perception of the origins of racism and segregation. Lee's use of the middle-class narrative voice is a literary technique that facilitates closeness with the reader, irrespective of class or cultural background, and cultivates a sense of nostalgia. By presenting Scout and Jem's viewpoint, the reader is granted the opportunity to interact with the conservative antebellum Mrs. Dubose; the lower-class Ewells; the Cunninghams, who are equally impoverished but behave differently; the wealthy but ostracized Mr. Dolphus Raymond; and Calpurnia and other members of the black community. The children adopt Atticus' advice not to judge someone until they have walked in that person's shoes, thereby acquiring a deeper comprehension of people's motives and conduct.", 0.9840555, 1)
('The story takes place during three years (1933–35) of the Great Depression in the fictional "tired old town" of Maycomb, Alabama, the seat of Maycomb County. It focuses on six-year-old Jean Louise Finch (Scout), who lives with her older brother, Jem, and their widowed father, Atticus, a middle-aged lawyer. Jem and Scout befriend a boy named Dill, who visits Maycomb to stay with his aunt each summer. The three children are terrified of, and fascinated by, their neighbor, the reclusive Arthur "Boo" Radley. The adults of Maycomb are hesitant to talk about Boo, and, for many years few have seen him. The children feed one another\'s imagination with rumors about his appearance and reasons for remaining hidden, and they fantasize about how to get him out of his house. After two summers of friendship with Dill, Scout and Jem find that someone leaves them small gifts in a tree outside the Radley place. Several times the mysterious Boo makes gestures of affection to the children, but, to their disappointment, he never appears in person.', ' The story takes place during a three-year period (1933–35) in the fictional "outdated town" of Maycomb, Alabama, the seat of Maycomb County. It\'s about the six-year-old Jean Louise Finch (Scout), who lives there with her older brother Jem and their middle-aged widowed father Atticus, a lawyer. Jem and Scout become friends with a boy named Dill, who visits Maycomb every summer to stay with his aunt. The three children are afraid of, and fascinated by, their neighbor, the reclusive Arthur "Boo" Radley. The adults of Maycomb are reluctant to talk about Boo, and few have seen him in many years. The children fuel each other\'s imaginative powers with rumors about his appearance and reasons for his seclusion, and they dream about how they can get him out of his house. After two summers of friendship with Dill, Scout and Jem discover that someone leaves them small gifts in a tree outside the Radley house. Several times, the mysterious Boo makes gestures of affection towards the children, but, to their disappointment, he never appears in person.', 0.9840952, 1)
("In 2006, the Sister City Program of the City of New York, Inc. was restructured and renamed New York City Global Partners. New York City has expanded its international outreach via this program to a network of cities worldwide, promoting the exchange of ideas and innovation between their citizenry and policymakers, according to the city's website. New York's historic sister cities are denoted below by the year they joined New York City's partnership network.", " In 2006, the Sister City Program of the City of New York, Inc. was restructured and renamed New York City Global Partners. New York City has expanded its international outreach through this program to a network of cities worldwide. The exchange of ideas and innovation between their citizenry and policymakers is promoted by the city, according to its website. New York's historic sister cities are denoted below, with the year they joined New York City's partnership network:[Year - City Name][1948 - Jerusalem][1950 - Paris][1953 - Rome][1955 - Vienna][1959 - Moscow][1961 - Lima][1962 - Mexico City][1963 - Cairo][1964 - Seoul][1965 - Tel Aviv][1972 - Beijing][1974 - Rio de Janeiro][1975 - Warsaw][1978 - Prague][1980 - Shanghai][1983 - Mumbai][1985 - Sao Paulo][1987 - Budapest][1988 - Sofia][1990 - Krakow][1991 - Kiev][1992 - Budapest][1993 - Istanbul][1994 - Yokohama][1995 - Osaka][1996 - Guangzhou][1997 - Toronto][1998 - Dubai][1999 - Johannesburg][2000 - Shanghai][2001 - St. Petersburg][2002 - Ho Chi Minh City][2003 - Shenzhen][2004 - Chennai][2005 - Istanbul]", 0.9841284, 1)
("All of Chopin's compositions include the piano. Most are for solo piano, though he also wrote two piano concertos, a few chamber pieces, and some songs to Polish lyrics. His keyboard style is highly individual and often technically demanding; his own performances were noted for their nuance and sensitivity. Chopin invented the concept of instrumental ballade. His major piano works also include mazurkas, waltzes, nocturnes, polonaises, études, impromptus, scherzos, preludes and sonatas, some published only after his death. Influences on his compositional style include Polish folk music, the classical tradition of J. S. Bach, Mozart and Schubert, the music of all of whom he admired, as well as the Paris salons where he was a frequent guest. His innovations in style, musical form, and harmony, and his association of music with nationalism, were influential throughout and after the late Romantic period.", ' All compositions of Chopin included piano pieces. Most of them were for solo piano, but he wrote two piano concertos, some chamber works, and some songs with Polish texts. His keyboard style is very individual and often technically demanding; his performances were notable for their subtlety and feeling. Chopin invented the concept of the instrumental ballade. His major piano works included mazurkas, waltzes, nocturnes, polonaises, études, impromptus, scherzos, preludes, and sonatas, some of which appeared only after his death. Influences on his compositional style were Polish folk music, the classical tradition of J.S. Bach, Mozart, and Schubert, whose music he all celebrated, as well as the Parisian salons where he was a regular guest. His innovations in style, form, and harmony, and his fusion of music with nationalism, were influential during and after the Romantic period.', 0.9841389, 1)
('iPod batteries are not designed to be removed or replaced by the user, although some users have been able to open the case themselves, usually following instructions from third-party vendors of iPod replacement batteries. Compounding the problem, Apple initially would not replace worn-out batteries. The official policy was that the customer should buy a refurbished replacement iPod, at a cost almost equivalent to a brand new one. All lithium-ion batteries lose capacity during their lifetime even when not in use (guidelines are available for prolonging life-span) and this situation led to a market for third-party battery replacement kits.', ' iPod batteries are not designed for user removal or replacement, but some users have managed to open the case themselves, following instructions from third-party iPod battery replacement vendors. However, the situation is further complicated by the fact that Apple originally refused to replace worn-out batteries. The official policy was that the customer should buy a refurbished replacement iPod, which cost nearly as much as a new one. All lithium-ion batteries lose capacity during their lifespan even when not in use (guidelines are available to prolong lifespan), resulting in a market for third-party battery replacement kits.', 0.98414, 1)
('Solar concentrating technologies such as parabolic dish, trough and Scheffler reflectors can provide process heat for commercial and industrial applications. The first commercial system was the Solar Total Energy Project (STEP) in Shenandoah, Georgia, USA where a field of 114 parabolic dishes provided 50% of the process heating, air conditioning and electrical requirements for a clothing factory. This grid-connected cogeneration system provided 400 kW of electricity plus thermal energy in the form of 401 kW steam and 468 kW chilled water, and had a one-hour peak load thermal storage. Evaporation ponds are shallow pools that concentrate dissolved solids through evaporation. The use of evaporation ponds to obtain salt from sea water is one of the oldest applications of solar energy. Modern uses include concentrating brine solutions used in leach mining and removing dissolved solids from waste streams. Clothes lines, clotheshorses, and clothes racks dry clothes through evaporation by wind and sunlight without consuming electricity or gas. In some states of the United States legislation protects the "right to dry" clothes. Unglazed transpired collectors (UTC) are perforated sun-facing walls used for preheating ventilation air. UTCs can raise the incoming air temperature up to 22 °C (40 °F) and deliver outlet temperatures of 45–60 °C (113–140 °F). The short payback period of transpired collectors (3 to 12 years) makes them a more cost-effective alternative than glazed collection systems. As of 2003, over 80 systems with a combined collector area of 35,000 square metres (380,000 sq ft) had been installed worldwide, including an 860 m2 (9,300 sq ft) collector in Costa Rica used for drying coffee beans and a 1,300 m2 (14,000 sq ft) collector in Coimbatore, India, used for drying marigolds.', ' Solar concentration technologies like parabolic troughs, pond and Scheffler reflectors can provide process heat for commercial and industrial uses. The first commercial system was the Solar Total Energy Project (STEP) in Shenandoah, Georgia, USA, which supplied 50% of the process heating, cooling and electricity for a textile factory using a cogeneration system. This connected system produced 400 kW of electricity plus thermal energy in the form of 401 kW of steam and 468 kW of cooling water, and had a one-hour peak charging thermal storage. Evaporation pits are deep basins that concentrate dissolved substances through evaporation. The use of evaporation pits to extract salt from seawater is one of the oldest applications of solar heat. Modern applications include the concentration of concentrated salt solutions', 0.9841623, 0)
("In 1842, the Bishop of Vincennes, Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière, offered land to Father Edward Sorin of the Congregation of the Holy Cross, on the condition that he build a college in two years. Fr. Sorin arrived on the site with eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland on November 26, 1842, and began the school using Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel. He soon erected additional buildings, including Old College, the first church, and the first main building. They immediately acquired two students and set about building additions to the campus.", " In 1842, Bishop Célestine Guynemer de la Hailandière of Vincennes granted land to Father Edward Sorin of the Holy Cross Congregation, on the provision that he construct a college within two years. Father Sorin, accompanied by eight Holy Cross brothers from France and Ireland, arrived at the site on November 26, 1842. They commenced the school utilizing Father Stephen Badin's old log chapel. Subsequently, they built additional structures, such as Old College, the first church, and the initial main building. Two students were quickly acquired, and they proceeded to expand the campus.", 0.98417866, 1)
('Waitz defined anthropology as "the science of the nature of man". By nature he meant matter animated by "the Divine breath"; i.e., he was an animist. Following Broca\'s lead, Waitz points out that anthropology is a new field, which would gather material from other fields, but would differ from them in the use of comparative anatomy, physiology, and psychology to differentiate man from "the animals nearest to him". He stresses that the data of comparison must be empirical, gathered by experimentation. The history of civilization as well as ethnology are to be brought into the comparison. It is to be presumed fundamentally that the species, man, is a unity, and that "the same laws of thought are applicable to all men".', ' Waitz defined anthropology as "the science of the nature of man." By "nature," he meant something inhabited by the "Divine breath"; therefore, he was an animist. Following Broca\'s lead, Waitz emphasized that anthropology is a new field, collecting material from other disciplines but distinguishing itself through the use of comparative anatomy, physiology, and psychology to distinguish man from "the animals closest to him." He stressed that empirical data must be used in comparison, collected through experiments. The history of civilization, as well as ethnology, must be included in the comparison. One can fundamentally assume that the species, man, is one, and that "the same concepts apply to all men."', 0.9842266, 1)
('In June 1917, the U.S. Congress passed the Espionage Act of 1917 which was later extended by the Sedition Act of 1918, enacted in May 1918. In February 1918, the Montana legislature had passed the Montana Sedition Act, which was a model for the federal version. In combination, these laws criminalized criticism of the U.S. government, military, or symbols through speech or other means. The Montana Act led to the arrest of over 200 individuals and the conviction of 78, mostly of German or Austrian descent. Over 40 spent time in prison. In May 2006, then-Governor Brian Schweitzer posthumously issued full pardons for all those convicted of violating the Montana Sedition Act.', ' In June 1917, the United States Congress approved the Espionage Act of 1917, which was later expanded by the Sedition Act of 1918, passed in May 1918. In February 1918, the Montana legislature passed the Montana Sedition Law, serving as a model for the federal version. In combination, these laws made criticism of the American government, army, or symbols through speech or other means punishable. The Montana law led to the arrest of over 200 people and the conviction of 78, mostly of German or Austrian descent. More than 40 served time in prison. In May 2006, then-governor Brian Schweitzer granted posthumous pardons for all those who had been convicted under the Montana Sedition Law.', 0.9842741, 1)
('On release, Twilight Princess was considered to be the greatest Zelda game ever made by many critics including writers for 1UP.com, Computer and Video Games, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, GamesRadar, IGN and The Washington Post. Game Informer called it "so creative that it rivals the best that Hollywood has to offer". GamesRadar praised Twilight Princess as "a game that deserves nothing but the absolute highest recommendation". Cubed3 hailed Twilight Princess as "the single greatest videogame experience". Twilight Princess\'s graphics were praised for the art style and animation, although the game was designed for the GameCube, which is technically lacking compared to the next generation consoles. Both IGN and GameSpy pointed out the existence of blurry textures and low-resolution characters. Despite these complaints, Computer and Video Games felt the game\'s atmosphere was superior to that of any previous Zelda game, and regarded Twilight Princess\'s Hyrule as the best version ever created. PALGN praised the game\'s cinematics, noting that "the cutscenes are the best ever in Zelda games". Regarding the Wii version, GameSpot\'s Jeff Gerstmann said the Wii controls felt "tacked-on", although 1UP.com said the remote-swinging sword attacks were "the most impressive in the entire series". Gaming Nexus considered Twilight Princess\'s soundtrack to be the best of this generation, though IGN criticized its MIDI-formatted songs for lacking "the punch and crispness" of their orchestrated counterparts. Hyper\'s Javier Glickman commended the game for its "very long quests, superb Wii controls and being able to save anytime". However, he criticised it for "no voice acting, no orchestral score and slightly outdated graphics".', ' Published, Twilight Princess was considered by many reviewers as the best Zelda game ever made, according to numerous critics, including writers for 1UP.com, Computer and Video Games, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, GamesRadar, IGN, and The Washington Post. Game Informer called it "so creative that it could compete with Hollywood." GamesRadar praised Twilight Princess as "a game that deserves no low-minded advice whatsoever." Cubed3 praised Twilight Princess as "the singular best video game experience." The graphics of Twilight Princess were praised for the art style and animation, although the game was designed for the GameCube, which is technologically behind the next generation consoles. Both IGN and GameSpy noted the presence of sharp textures and low-resolution characters. Computer and Video Games felt the game\'s atmosphere surpassed all previous Zelda games and considered Twilight Princess to be the best version ever made. PALGN praised the cutscenes, noting that "the cutscenes are the best in Zelda games." Regarding the Wii version, GameSpot\'s Jeff Gerstmann called the Wii control presentations "impressive," but according to 1UP.com, the sword swinging attacks were "the most impressive in the entire series." Gaming Nexus praised the soundtrack of Twilight Princess as the best of the generation, but IGN criticized its MIDI-formatted songs for lacking "the power and sharpness" of their orchestral counterparts. Hyper criticized the game for its "very long missions, excellent Wii control, and the ability to save at any moment," but he criticized it for the lack of "voice actors, orchestral music, and somewhat outdated graphics."', 0.98433566, 1)
('iPods have also gained popularity for use in education. Apple offers more information on educational uses for iPods on their website, including a collection of lesson plans. There has also been academic research done in this area in nursing education and more general K-16 education. Duke University provided iPods to all incoming freshmen in the fall of 2004, and the iPod program continues today with modifications. Entertainment Weekly put it on its end-of-the-decade, "best-of" list, saying, "Yes, children, there really was a time when we roamed the earth without thousands of our favorite jams tucked comfortably into our hip pockets. Weird."', ' iPods have gained popularity in the education sector as well. Apple provides more information about educational applications of iPods on their website, including a collection of lesson plans. Academic research in this field has been conducted at the doctoral level in nursing education and more generally in K-16 education. Duke University gave iPods to all enrolled students in the fall of 2004, and the iPod program still exists with modifications. Entertainment Weekly included it on their end-of-year list, stating: "Yes, children, there was once a time when we roamed the earth without our favorite 10,000 songs in our pockets. That\'s strange." Note: K-16 refers to kindergarten through high school education.', 0.98435926, 1)
('The judges continue in paragraph 12, "The determination of when the targeted part is substantial enough to meet this requirement may involve a number of considerations. The numeric size of the targeted part of the group is the necessary and important starting point, though not in all cases the ending point of the inquiry. The number of individuals targeted should be evaluated not only in absolute terms, but also in relation to the overall size of the entire group. In addition to the numeric size of the targeted portion, its prominence within the group can be a useful consideration. If a specific part of the group is emblematic of the overall group, or is essential to its survival, that may support a finding that the part qualifies as substantial within the meaning of Article 4 [of the Tribunal\'s Statute]."', ' The judges continue in paragraph 12: "The determination of when the designated part is substantial enough to meet this requirement may involve several considerations. The numeric size of the designated part of the group is the necessary and important starting point, but not in all cases the final decision. The number of individuals designated should not only be evaluated in absolute terms, but also in relation to the overall size of the entire group. In addition to the numeric size of the designated portion, its prominence within the group can be a useful consideration. If a specific part of the group is emblematic of the overall group, or is essential to its survival, that may support a finding that the part qualifies as substantial within the meaning of Article 4 [of the Tribunals Statute]."', 0.98439234, 1)
('Meanwhile, the Tumed Mongols began moving into the Kokonor region (modern Qinghai), raiding the Ming Chinese frontier and even as far as the suburbs of Beijing under Altan Khan (1507–1582). Klieger writes that Altan Khan\'s presence in the west effectively reduced Ming influence and contact with Tibet. After Altan Khan made peace with the Ming dynasty in 1571, he invited the third hierarch of the Gelug—Sönam Gyatso (1543–1588)—to meet him in Amdo (modern Qinghai) in 1578, where he accidentally bestowed him and his two predecessors with the title of Dalai Lama—"Ocean Teacher". The full title was "Dalai Lama Vajradhara", "Vajradhara" meaning "Holder of the Thunderbolt" in Sanskrit. Victoria Huckenpahler notes that Vajradhara is considered by Buddhists to be the primordial Buddha of limitless and all-pervasive beneficial qualities, a being that "represents the ultimate aspect of enlightenment." Goldstein writes that Sönam Gyatso also enhanced Altan Khan\'s standing by granting him the title "king of religion, majestic purity". Rawski writes that the Dalai Lama officially recognized Altan Khan as the "Protector of the Faith".', 'Meanwhile, the Tumed Mongols began advancing into the Kokonor region (modern Qinghai), attacking the Ming Chinese border and reaching as far as the suburbs of Beijing under Altan Khan (1507–1582). According to Klieger, Altan Khan\'s presence in the west significantly diminished Ming influence and contact with Tibet. After Altan Khan made peace with the Ming dynasty in 1571, he invited the third hierarch of the Gelug—Sönam Gyatso (1543–1588)—to meet him in Amdo (modern Qinghai) in 1578. There, he inadvertently granted him and his two predecessors the title of Dalai Lama—"Ocean Teacher". The complete title was "Dalai Lama Vajradhara".', 0.9844159, 1)
('Discussions of strategy in the mid Ming dynasty focused primarily on recovery of the Ordos region, which the Mongols used as a rallying base to stage raids into Ming China. Norbu states that the Ming dynasty, preoccupied with the Mongol threat to the north, could not spare additional armed forces to enforce or back up their claim of sovereignty over Tibet; instead, they relied on "Confucian instruments of tribute relations" of heaping unlimited number of titles and gifts on Tibetan lamas through acts of diplomacy. Sperling states that the delicate relationship between the Ming and Tibet was "the last time a united China had to deal with an independent Tibet," that there was a potential for armed conflict at their borders, and that the ultimate goal of Ming foreign policy with Tibet was not subjugation but "avoidance of any kind of Tibetan threat." P. Christiaan Klieger argues that the Ming court\'s patronage of high Tibetan lamas "was designed to help stabilize border regions and protect trade routes."', ' Discussions of strategy during the mid-Ming dynasty focused primarily on the recovery of the Ordos region, which the Mongols used as a rallying base to launch raids into Ming China. Norbu explains that the Ming dynasty, preoccupied with the Mongol threat to the north, could not provide additional armed forces to uphold their claim of sovereignty over Tibet; instead, they resorted to "Confucian instruments of tribute relations" by granting unlimited titles and gifts to Tibetan lamas through diplomatic channels. Sperling highlights that the intricate relationship between the Ming and Tibet was "the last time a united China had to deal with an independent Tibet," that there was a potential for armed conflict at their borders, and that the fundamental goal of Ming foreign policy with Tibet was not subjugation but "avoidance of any kind."', 0.9844751, 1)
('In 1992, an Alabama editorial called for the death of Atticus, saying that as liberal as Atticus was, he still worked within a system of institutionalized racism and sexism and should not be revered. The editorial sparked a flurry of responses from attorneys who entered the profession because of him and esteemed him as a hero. Critics of Atticus maintain he is morally ambiguous and does not use his legal skills to challenge the racist status quo in Maycomb. However, in 1997, the Alabama State Bar erected a monument to Atticus in Monroeville, marking his existence as the "first commemorative milestone in the state\'s judicial history". In 2008, Lee herself received an honorary special membership to the Alabama State Bar for creating Atticus who "has become the personification of the exemplary lawyer in serving the legal needs of the poor".', '[In 1992, an editorial in Alabama called for the death of Atticus, stating that despite his liberalness, he found himself within a system of institutionalized racism and sexism and should not be revered. The editorial elicited a significant reaction from lawyers who were inspired by him and idolized him as a hero. Critics of Atticus argue that he is morally ambiguous and did not use his legal skills to change the racist status quo in Maycomb. However, in 1997, the Alabama State Bar erected a monument for Atticus in Monroeville, marking his existence as the "first recognized milestone in the legal history of the state." In 2008, Lee herself received an honorary membership from the Alabama State Bar for creating Atticus, who "has become the embodiment of the outstanding attorney in the service of the legal needs of the poor."]', 0.98449886, 1)
('At the age of 21 he settled in Paris. Thereafter, during the last 18 years of his life, he gave only some 30 public performances, preferring the more intimate atmosphere of the salon. He supported himself by selling his compositions and teaching piano, for which he was in high demand. Chopin formed a friendship with Franz Liszt and was admired by many of his musical contemporaries, including Robert Schumann. In 1835 he obtained French citizenship. After a failed engagement to Maria Wodzińska, from 1837 to 1847 he maintained an often troubled relationship with the French writer George Sand. A brief and unhappy visit to Majorca with Sand in 1838–39 was one of his most productive periods of composition. In his last years, he was financially supported by his admirer Jane Stirling, who also arranged for him to visit Scotland in 1848. Through most of his life, Chopin suffered from poor health. He died in Paris in 1849, probably of tuberculosis.', ' At the age of 21, he settled in Paris. In the last 18 years of his life, he gave approximately 30 public performances, preferring instead the intimate atmosphere of the salon. He supported himself through the sale of his compositions and piano teaching, for which he was highly respected. Chopin formed a friendship with Franz Liszt and was revered by many of his musical contemporaries, including Robert Schumann. In 1835, he acquired French nationality. After an unsuccessful engagement to Maria Wodzińska, he had a frequently turbulent relationship with the French writer George Sand from 1837 to 1847. A short and unhappy visit to Majorca with Sand in 1838–39 was one of his most productive periods of composing. In his later years, he was financially supported by his admirer Jane Stirling, who arranged for him to visit Scotland in 1848. Throughout his life, Chopin suffered from poor health. He died in Paris in 1849, likely from tuberculosis.', 0.9845007, 1)
('Before the release of iOS 5, the iPod branding was used for the media player included with the iPhone and iPad, a combination of the Music and Videos apps on the iPod Touch. As of iOS 5, separate apps named "Music" and "Videos" are standardized across all iOS-powered products. While the iPhone and iPad have essentially the same media player capabilities as the iPod line, they are generally treated as separate products. During the middle of 2010, iPhone sales overtook those of the iPod.', ' Before the launch of iOS 5, the media player in the iPhone and iPad was branded as iPod, a combination of the Music and Videos apps on the iPod Touch. Since iOS 5, there have been standard apps named "Music" and "Videos" on all iOS devices. The iPhone and iPad have similar media player capabilities as the iPod line, but are generally marketed as separate products. In the mid of 2010, iPhone sales exceeded iPod sales.', 0.9845048, 1)
('Office buildings in Shanghai\'s financial district, including the Jin Mao Tower and the Hong Kong New World Tower, were evacuated. A receptionist at the Tibet Hotel in Chengdu said things were "calm" after the hotel evacuated its guests. Meanwhile, workers at a Ford plant in Sichuan were evacuated for about 10 minutes. Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport was shut down, and the control tower and regional radar control evacuated. One SilkAir flight was diverted and landed in Kunming as a result. Cathay Pacific delayed both legs of its quadruple daily Hong Kong to London route due to this disruption in air traffic services. Chengdu Shuangliu Airport reopened later on the evening of May 12, offering limited service as the airport began to be used as a staging area for relief operations.', ' The financial district of Shanghai, including the Jin Mao Tower and Hong Kong New World Tower, were evacuated. A secretary at the Tibet Hotel in Chengdu said everything was "calm" after guests were evacuated. Simultaneously, workers in a Ford factory in Sichuan were evacuated within approximately 10 minutes. Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport was closed, and the tower control and regional radar control were evacuated. A SilkAir flight was redirected and landed in Kunming as a result. Cathay Pacific delayed both legs of its four-times daily Hong Kong-London route due to disruption in air traffic services. Chengdu Shuangliu Airport reopened later in the evening of May 12, offering limited services, as it began to serve as a staging area for relief operations.', 0.9845049, 1)
('On February 6, 2016, one day before her performance at the Super Bowl, Beyoncé released a new single exclusively on music streaming service Tidal called "Formation".', ' On February 6, 2016, one day before her performance at the Super Bowl, Beyoncé released a new single exclusively on music streaming service Tidal called "Formation". Op 6 februari 2016, één dag voordat haar optreden op de Super Bowl, bracht Beyoncé een nieuwe single exclusief uit op muziekstreamingdienst Tidal met de naam "Formation".', 0.9845685, 1)
("On May 16, rescue groups from South Korea, Japan, Singapore, Russia and Taiwan arrived to join the rescue effort. The United States shared some of its satellite images of the quake-stricken areas with Chinese authorities. During the weekend, the US sent into China two U.S. Air Force C-17's carrying supplies, which included tents and generators. Xinhua reported 135,000 Chinese troops and medics were involved in the rescue effort across 58 counties and cities.", 'On May 16, rescue teams from South Korea, Japan, Singapore, Russia, and Taiwan arrived to assist in the rescue efforts. The United States provided Chinese authorities with some satellite images of the disaster areas. Over the weekend, the US dispatched two US Air Force C-17s filled with supplies to China. Xinhua reported that 135,000 Chinese troops and medics were engaged in the rescue efforts across 58 counties and cities.', 0.9847045, 1)
('In 2000, the United Nations Development Programme, UN Department of Economic and Social Affairs, and World Energy Council published an estimate of the potential solar energy that could be used by humans each year that took into account factors such as insolation, cloud cover, and the land that is usable by humans. The estimate found that solar energy has a global potential of 1,575–49,837 EJ per year (see table below).', ' In 2000, the United Nations Development Programme, the UN Department of Economic and Social Affairs, and the World Energy Council estimated the potential solar energy that humans could use annually, considering factors such as insolation, cloud cover, and land suitable for human use. The assessment determined that solar energy had a global potential of 1,575-49,837 EJ per year (see table below).', 0.98474735, 1)
('Anthropologists, along with other social scientists, are working with the US military as part of the US Army\'s strategy in Afghanistan. The Christian Science Monitor reports that "Counterinsurgency efforts focus on better grasping and meeting local needs" in Afghanistan, under the Human Terrain System (HTS) program; in addition, HTS teams are working with the US military in Iraq. In 2009, the American Anthropological Association\'s Commission on the Engagement of Anthropology with the US Security and Intelligence Communities released its final report concluding, in part, that, "When ethnographic investigation is determined by military missions, not subject to external review, where data collection occurs in the context of war, integrated into the goals of counterinsurgency, and in a potentially coercive environment – all characteristic factors of the HTS concept and its application – it can no longer be considered a legitimate professional exercise of anthropology. In summary, while we stress that constructive engagement between anthropology and the military is possible, CEAUSSIC suggests that the AAA emphasize the incompatibility of HTS with disciplinary ethics and practice for job seekers and that it further recognize the problem of allowing HTS to define the meaning of "anthropology" within DoD."', ' Anthropologists, along with other social scientists, collaborate with the US military as part of the US Army\'s strategy in Afghanistan, under the Human Terrain System (HTS) program. According to The Christian Science Monitor, "counterinsurgency efforts focus on better understanding and meeting local needs" in Afghanistan and Iraq, with HTS teams working alongside the US military. In 2009, the American Anthropological Association\'s Commission on the Engagement of Anthropology with the US Security and Intelligence Communities published its final report, stating, "When anthropological investigation is determined by military missions, not subject to external review, conducted in the context of war, integrated into the goals of counterinsurgency, and in a potentially coercive environment – all characteristic factors of the HTS concept and its application – it can no longer be considered a legitimate professional exercise of anthropology. However, we would like to emphasize that constructive engagement between anthropology and the military is possible. CEAUSSIC recommends that the AAA emphasize the incompatibility of HTS with disciplinary ethics and practice for job seekers and that it further recognize the problem of allowing HTS to define the meaning of anthropology within DoD."', 0.98475885, 1)
('In the spring of 1834, Chopin attended the Lower Rhenish Music Festival in Aix-la-Chapelle with Hiller, and it was there that Chopin met Felix Mendelssohn. After the festival, the three visited Düsseldorf, where Mendelssohn had been appointed musical director. They spent what Mendelssohn described as "a very agreeable day", playing and discussing music at his piano, and met Friedrich Wilhelm Schadow, director of the Academy of Art, and some of his eminent pupils such as Lessing, Bendemann, Hildebrandt and Sohn. In 1835 Chopin went to Carlsbad, where he spent time with his parents; it was the last time he would see them. On his way back to Paris, he met old friends from Warsaw, the Wodzińskis. He had made the acquaintance of their daughter Maria in Poland five years earlier, when she was eleven. This meeting prompted him to stay for two weeks in Dresden, when he had previously intended to return to Paris via Leipzig. The sixteen-year-old girl\'s portrait of the composer is considered, along with Delacroix\'s, as among Chopin\'s best likenesses. In October he finally reached Leipzig, where he met Schumann, Clara Wieck and Felix Mendelssohn, who organised for him a performance of his own oratorio St. Paul, and who considered him "a perfect musician". In July 1836 Chopin travelled to Marienbad and Dresden to be with the Wodziński family, and in September he proposed to Maria, whose mother Countess Wodzińska approved in principle. Chopin went on to Leipzig, where he presented Schumann with his G minor Ballade. At the end of 1836 he sent Maria an album in which his sister Ludwika had inscribed seven of his songs, and his 1835 Nocturne in C-sharp minor, Op. 27, No. 1. The anodyne thanks he received from Maria proved to be the last letter he was to have from her.', ' In the spring of 1834, Chopin lived in Aix-la-Chapelle with Hiller, attending the Rhine River Music Festivals. There, Chopin met Mendelssohn. After the festival, they visited Düsseldorf, where Mendelssohn had been appointed music director. They spent a "very pleasant day" together, playing and discussing music at Mendelssohn\'s piano, and met Schadow, director of the Art Academy, and several of his prominent students such as Lessing, Bendemann, Hildebrandt and Sohn. In 1835, Chopin traveled to Carlsbad, where he spent time with his parents; it was the last time he saw them. On his return journey to Paris, he met old friends from Warsaw, the Wodzińskis. He had made their daughter Maria known in Poland five years earlier, when she was eleven years old. This encounter prompted him to stay two weeks in Dresden instead of returning to Paris via Leipzig. The portrait of the composer by the sixteen-year-old girl is considered, along with Delacroix\'s, among the best depictions of Chopin. In October, he reached Leipzig, where he met Schumann, Clara Wieck and Mendelssohn, who performed his oratorio St. Paul for him, and called him "a perfect musician." In July 1836, Chopin traveled to Marienbad and Dresden to be with the Wodziński family, and in September he stayed with Maria, whose mother, Countess Wodzińska, initially allowed it. Chopin then traveled to Leipzig, where he presented Schumann with his G minor Ballade. At the end of 1836, he sent Maria an album in which his sister Ludwika had written seven of his songs, and his 1835 Nocturne in c-sharp minor, Op. 27, Nr. 1. The blue response he received from Maria was the last letter he received from her.', 0.9847717, 1)
("In 2005, the number of public employees per thousand inhabitants in the Portuguese government (70.8) was above the European Union average (62.4 per thousand inhabitants). By EU and USA standards, Portugal's justice system was internationally known as being slow and inefficient, and by 2011 it was the second slowest in Western Europe (after Italy); conversely, Portugal has one of the highest rates of judges and prosecutors—over 30 per 100,000 people. The entire Portuguese public service has been known for its mismanagement, useless redundancies, waste, excess of bureaucracy and a general lack of productivity in certain sectors, particularly in justice.", " In 2005, the number of public officials per thousand inhabitants in the Portuguese government (70.8) was higher than the EU average (62.4 per thousand inhabitants). According to EU and US standards, Portugal's legal system was internationally known for being slow and inefficient, and in 2011 it was the second slowest in Western Europe (after Italy); at the same time, Portugal had one of the highest numbers of judges and public prosecutors – more than 30 per 100,000 people. The entire Portuguese public administration was known for its mismanagement, unnecessary redundancy, waste, excessive bureaucracy, and overall lack of productivity in certain sectors, particularly in law.", 0.9848198, 1)
('When the Dzungar Mongols attempted to spread their territory from what is now Xinjiang into Tibet, the Kangxi Emperor (r. 1661–1722) responded to Tibetan pleas for aid with his own expedition to Tibet, occupying Lhasa in 1720. By 1751, during the reign of the Qianlong Emperor (r. 1735–1796), a protectorate and permanent Qing dynasty garrison was established in Tibet. As of 1751, Albert Kolb writes that "Chinese claims to suzerainty over Tibet date from this time."', ' [When the Dzungar Mongols tried to expand their territory from what is now Xinjiang into Tibet, the Kangxi Emperor (r. 1661–1722) responded to Tibetan appeals for aid with his own expedition to Tibet, occupying Lhasa in 1720. By 1751, during the reign of the Qianlong Emperor (r. 1735–1796), a protectorate and permanent Qing dynasty garrison was established in Tibet. According to Albert Kolb, "Chinese claims to suzerainty over Tibet date from this time."]Translation: [The Dzungar Mongols attempted to expand their territory from Xinjiang into Tibet. In response to Tibetan pleas for help, the Kangxi Emperor (r. 1661–1722) led an expedition to Tibet, capturing Lhasa in 1720. By 1751, under the Qianlong Emperor (r. 1735–1796), a protectorate and permanent Qing dynasty garrison were established in Tibet. Albert Kolb states that Chinese sovereignty over Tibet began during this period.]', 0.98483425, 1)
('All signatories to the CPPCG are required to prevent and punish acts of genocide, both in peace and wartime, though some barriers make this enforcement difficult. In particular, some of the signatories—namely, Bahrain, Bangladesh, India, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, the United States, Vietnam, Yemen, and former Yugoslavia—signed with the proviso that no claim of genocide could be brought against them at the International Court of Justice without their consent. Despite official protests from other signatories (notably Cyprus and Norway) on the ethics and legal standing of these reservations, the immunity from prosecution they grant has been invoked from time to time, as when the United States refused to allow a charge of genocide brought against it by former Yugoslavia following the 1999 Kosovo War.', ' All signatories to the CPPCG are required to prevent and punish acts of genocide, both in peace and wartime. However, enforcing this requirement can be challenging. Some signatories, including Bahrain, Bangladesh, India, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, the United States, Vietnam, Yemen, and former Yugoslavia, signed with the proviso that no genocide claim could be brought against them at the International Court of Justice without their consent. Other signatories, such as Cyprus and Norway, protested the ethics and legal standing of these reservations. Nevertheless, these immunities from prosecution have been invoked on several occasions, like when the United States prevented a genocide charge brought against it by former Yugoslavia following the 1999 Kosovo War.', 0.98484147, 1)
("Returning World War II veterans created a post-war economic boom and the development of large housing tracts in eastern Queens. New York emerged from the war unscathed as the leading city of the world, with Wall Street leading America's place as the world's dominant economic power. The United Nations Headquarters was completed in 1952, solidifying New York's global geopolitical influence, and the rise of abstract expressionism in the city precipitated New York's displacement of Paris as the center of the art world.", " Returning World War II veterans instigated a post-war economic boom and the development of large housing tracts in eastern Queens. New York rebounded from the war undamaged, standing as the world's leading city, with Wall Street spearheading America's position as the world's dominant economic power. The United Nations Headquarters was completed in 1952, securing New York's global geopolitical influence, and the rise of abstract expressionism in the city led to New York displacing Paris as the center of the art world.", 0.9848561, 1)
('A sequel to Spectre will begin development in spring 2016. Sam Mendes has stated he will not return to direct the next 007 film. Christoph Waltz has signed on for two more films in the series, but his return depends on whether or not Craig will again portray Bond.', ' A sequel to Spectre will begin development in spring 2016. Sam Mendes will not return to direct the next 007 film. Christoph Waltz has signed on for two more films in the series, but his return depends on whether or not Craig will again play Bond.Therefore, the translation is: A sequel to Spectre will begin development in spring 2016. Sam Mendes will not return to direct the next 007 film. Christoph Waltz has signed on for two more films in the series, but his return depends on whether or not Craig will again play Bond.', 0.984869, 1)
("After defeating the Visigoths in only a few months, the Umayyad Caliphate started expanding rapidly in the peninsula. Beginning in 711, the land that is now Portugal became part of the vast Umayyad Caliphate's empire of Damascus, which stretched from the Indus river in the Indian sub-continent (now Pakistan) up to the South of France, until its collapse in 750. That year the west of the empire gained its independence under Abd-ar-Rahman I with the establishment of the Emirate of Córdoba. After almost two centuries, the Emirate became the Caliphate of Córdoba in 929, until its dissolution a century later in 1031 into no less than 23 small kingdoms, called Taifa kingdoms.", ' After the Visigoths were subdued in just a few months, the Umayyad Caliphate began to rapidly expand in the Iberian Peninsula. From 711, the area that is now Portugal was part of the extensive Umayyad Caliphate of Damascus, which extended from the Indus River in the Indian subcontinent (now Pakistan) to the South of France, until its collapse in 750. In that year, the western part of the realm gained independence under Abd-ar-Rahman I with the founding of the Emirate of Córdoba. Approximately two hundred years later, in 929, the Emirate became the Caliphate of Córdoba, which lasted until its dissolution a century later in 1031 into no less than 23 small kingdoms, known as the Taifa kingdoms.Translation: After the Visigoths were subdued in just a few months, the Umayyad Caliphate began to rapidly expand in the Iberian Peninsula. From 711, the area that is now Portugal was part of the extensive Umayyad Caliphate of Damascus, which extended from the Indus River in the Indian subcontinent to the South of France, in the Indian subcontinent (now Pakistan), until its collapse in 750. In that year, the western part of the realm gained independence under Abd-ar-Rahman I with the founding of the Emirate of Córdoba. Approximately two hundred years later, in 929, the Emirate became the Caliphate of Córdoba, which lasted until its dissolution a century later in 1031 into no less than 23 small kingdoms, known as the Taifa kingdoms.', 0.9849594, 1)
("A brief shoot at London's City Hall was filmed on 18 April 2015, while Mendes was on location. On 17 May 2015 filming took place on the Thames in London. Stunt scenes involving Craig and Seydoux on a speedboat as well as a low flying helicopter near Westminster Bridge were shot at night, with filming temporarily closing both Westminster and Lambeth Bridges. Scenes were also shot on the river near MI6's headquarters at Vauxhall Cross. The crew returned to the river less than a week later to film scenes solely set on Westminster Bridge. The London Fire Brigade was on set to simulate rain as well as monitor smoke used for filming. Craig, Seydoux, and Waltz, as well as Harris and Fiennes, were seen being filmed. Prior to this, scenes involving Fiennes were shot at a restaurant in Covent Garden. Filming then took place in Trafalgar Square. In early June, the crew, as well as Craig, Seydoux, and Waltz, returned to the Thames for a final time to continue filming scenes previously shot on the river.", " A short recording took place at London City Hall on April 18, 2015, while Mendes was on location. Recording took place on the Thames in London on May 17, 2015. Stunt scenes with Craig and Seydoux on a speedboat, as well as a low-flying helicopter over Westminster Bridge, were recorded at night, with both Westminster and Lambeth Bridges temporarily closed for filming. Filming also took place by the river near MI6's headquarters at Vauxhall Cross. The crew returned to the river less than a week later to film only on Westminster Bridge. The London Fire Brigade was present to simulate rain for the shoot, as well as to control the smoke. Craig, Seydoux and Waltz, as well as Harris and Fiennes, were filmed. Before this happened, filming took place regarding Fiennes in a Covent Garden restaurant. Filming then took place in Trafalgar Square. In early June, the crew, along with Craig, Seydoux and Waltz, returned again to the Thames to continue filming by the river.", 0.9849857, 1)
('Spectre has received mixed reviews, with many reviewers either giving the film highly positive or highly negative feedback. Many critics praised the film\'s opening scene, action sequences, stuntwork, cinematography and performances from the cast. In some early reviews, the film received favourable comparisons with its predecessor, Skyfall. Rotten Tomatoes sampled 274 reviews and judged 64% of the critiques to be positive, saying that the film "nudges Daniel Craig\'s rebooted Bond closer to the glorious, action-driven spectacle of earlier entries, although it\'s admittedly reliant on established 007 formula." On Metacritic, the film has a rating of 60 out of 100, based on 48 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A−" on an A+ to F scale.', 'Spectre received mixed reviews, with many critics either highly praising or highly criticizing the film. Many critics praised the film\'s opening scene, action sequences, stunt work, cinematography, and acting performances of the cast. In some earlier reviews, the film received favorable comparisons with its predecessor, Skyfall. Rotten Tomatoes evaluated 274 reviews and deemed 64% of them positive, stating that the film "brings Daniel Craig\'s Bond a bit closer to the glorious, action-packed spectacle of earlier productions, although it is still clearly dependent on the established 007 formula." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 60 out of 100, based on 48 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews." CinemaScore audience evaluations gave the film an average rating of "B−" on an A+ to F scale.', 0.9849888, 1)
('Meanwhile, the Chinese Ming dynasty fell to the rebellion of Li Zicheng (1606–1645) in 1644, yet his short-lived Shun dynasty was crushed by the Manchu invasion and the Han Chinese general Wu Sangui (1612–1678). China Daily states that when the following Qing dynasty replaced the Ming dynasty, it merely "strengthened administration of Tibet." However, Kolmaš states that the Dalai Lama was very observant of what was going on in China and accepted a Manchu invitation in 1640 to send envoys to their capital at Mukden in 1642, before the Ming collapsed. Dawa Norbu, William Rockhill, and George N. Patterson write that when the Shunzhi Emperor (r. 1644–1661) of the subsequent Qing dynasty invited the fifth Dalai Lama Lozang Gyatso to Beijing in 1652, Shunzhi treated the Dalai Lama as an independent sovereign of Tibet. Patterson writes that this was an effort of Shunzhi to secure an alliance with Tibet that would ultimately lead to the establishment of Manchu rule over Mongolia. In this meeting with the Qing emperor, Goldstein asserts that the Dalai Lama was not someone to be trifled with due to his alliance with Mongol tribes, some of which were declared enemies of the Qing. Van Praag states that Tibet and the Dalai Lama\'s power was recognized by the "Manchu Emperor, the Mongolian Khans and Princes, and the rulers of Ladakh, Nepal, India, Bhutan, and Sikkim."', ' In general, the Chinese Ming-dynasty fell in 1644 to the rebellion of Li Zicheng (1606-1645), but his short-lived Shun-dynasty was destroyed by the Manchu invasion and the Han-Chinese general Wu Sangui (1612-1678). China Daily reports that during the following Qing-dynasty, which replaced the Ming-dynasty, it "only strengthened the administration of Tibet." However, Kolmaš reports that the Dalai Lama was very vigilant about what was happening in China and accepted a Manchu invitation in 1640 to send ambassadors to their capital Mukden in 1642, before the Ming collapsed. Dawa Norbu, William Rockhill and George N. Patterson write that when the Shunzhi-emperor (reg. 1644-1661) of the Qing-dynasty came to power.', 0.98501253, 1)
('Frédéric François Chopin (/ˈʃoʊpæn/; French pronunciation: \u200b[fʁe.de.ʁik fʁɑ̃.swa ʃɔ.pɛ̃]; 22 February or 1 March 1810 – 17 October 1849), born Fryderyk Franciszek Chopin,[n 1] was a Polish and French (by citizenship and birth of father) composer and a virtuoso pianist of the Romantic era, who wrote primarily for the solo piano. He gained and has maintained renown worldwide as one of the leading musicians of his era, whose "poetic genius was based on a professional technique that was without equal in his generation." Chopin was born in what was then the Duchy of Warsaw, and grew up in Warsaw, which after 1815 became part of Congress Poland. A child prodigy, he completed his musical education and composed his earlier works in Warsaw before leaving Poland at the age of 20, less than a month before the outbreak of the November 1830 Uprising.', ' Frédéric François Chopin (/ʃoʊpæn/; French pronunciation: [fʁe.də.rik fʁɑ̃.swa ʃɔ.pɛ̃]; born Fryderyk Franciszek Chopin, was a Polish and French (by citizenship and birth of father) composer and a virtuoso pianist of the Romantic era, who wrote primarily for the solo piano. He gained and has maintained renown worldwide as one of the leading musicians of his era, whose "poetic genius was based on a professional technique that was without equal in his generation." Chopin was born in what was then the Duchy of Warsaw, and grew up in Warsaw, which after 1815 became part of Congress Poland. A child prodigy, he completed his musical education and composed his earlier works in Warsaw before leaving Poland at the age of 20, less than a month before the outbreak of the November 1830 Uprising.', 0.98504436, 1)
('There are hundreds of distinct neighborhoods throughout the five boroughs of New York City, many with a definable history and character to call their own. If the boroughs were each independent cities, four of the boroughs (Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, and the Bronx) would be among the ten most populous cities in the United States.', ' There are hundreds of unique neighborhoods spread throughout the five boroughs of New York. If each borough were an independent city, four of them (Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, and the Bronx) would be among the ten most populous cities in the United States.', 0.9851133, 1)
('Portugal has the largest aquarium in Europe, the Lisbon Oceanarium, and the Portuguese have several other notable organizations focused on science-related exhibits and divulgation, like the state agency Ciência Viva, a programme of the Portuguese Ministry of Science and Technology to the promotion of a scientific and technological culture among the Portuguese population, the Science Museum of the University of Coimbra, the National Museum of Natural History at the University of Lisbon, and the Visionarium.', " Portugal has the largest aquarium in Europe, the Lisbon Oceanarium. The Portuguese have several notable organizations focused on scientific exhibits and dissemination. There's the state agency Ciência Viva, a program of the Portuguese Ministry of Science and Technology for the promotion of a scientific and technological culture among the Portuguese population. Additionally, there's the Science Museum of the University of Coimbra, the National Museum of Natural History at the University of Lisbon, and the Visionarium.", 0.98517627, 1)
('Sunlight has influenced building design since the beginning of architectural history. Advanced solar architecture and urban planning methods were first employed by the Greeks and Chinese, who oriented their buildings toward the south to provide light and warmth.', 'Sunlight has influenced building design since the beginning of architectural history. The Greeks and Chinese were among the first to use advanced solar architecture and urban planning methods. They oriented their buildings towards the south to ensure they received adequate light and warmth.', 0.9852297, 1)
('Many websites converted their home page to black and white; Sina.com and Sohu, major internet portals, limited their homepages to news items and removed all advertisements. Chinese video sharing websites Youku and Tudou displayed a black background and placed multiple videos showing earthquake footage and news reports. The Chinese version of MSN, cn.msn.com, also displayed banner ads about the earthquake and the relief efforts. Other entertainment websites, including various gaming sites, such as the Chinese servers for World of Warcraft, had shut down altogether, or had corresponding links to earthquake donations. After the moments of silence, in Tiananmen Square, crowds spontaneously burst out cheering various slogans, including "Long Live China". Casinos in Macau closed down.', ' Multiple websites changed their homepages to black-and-white; Sina.com and Sohu, major internet portals, limited their homepages to news items and removed all ads. The Chinese video sharing websites Youku and Tudou displayed a black background and posted multiple videos with earthquake recordings and news reports. The Chinese version of MSN, cn.msn.com, showed banner ads about the earthquake and relief measures. Other entertainment sites, including various gaming websites, such as the Chinese servers for World of Warcraft, were completely shut down or had corresponding links to earthquake donations. Suddenly, in Tiananmen Square, a crowd appeared, shouting various slogans, including "Long live China." Casinos in Macau closed.', 0.98528725, 1)
("Drug trafficking is the major illegal source of income in Tajikistan as it is an important transit country for Afghan narcotics bound for Russian and, to a lesser extent, Western European markets; some opium poppy is also raised locally for the domestic market. However, with the increasing assistance from international organizations, such as UNODC, and cooperation with the US, Russian, EU and Afghan authorities a level of progress on the fight against illegal drug-trafficking is being achieved. Tajikistan holds third place in the world for heroin and raw opium confiscations (1216.3 kg of heroin and 267.8 kg of raw opium in the first half of 2006). Drug money corrupts the country's government; according to some experts the well-known personalities that fought on both sides of the civil war and have held the positions in the government after the armistice was signed are now involved in the drug trade. UNODC is working with Tajikistan to strengthen border crossings, provide training, and set up joint interdiction teams. It also helped to establish Tajikistani Drug Control Agency.", ' Drug trafficking is the largest illegal source of income in Tajikistan, as it is a significant transit country for Afghan narcotics destined for the Russian and, to a lesser extent, the Western European markets; opium poppy is also cultivated locally for the domestic market. With the increasing support of international organizations, such as UNODC, and cooperation with American, Russian, EU, and Afghan authorities, certain progress is being made in the fight against illegal drug trade in Tajikistan. Tajikistan ranks third in the world for the amount of seized heroin and raw opium (1216.3 kg of heroin and 267.8 kg of raw opium in the first half of 2006). Drug money corrupts the government; according to some experts, there are known personalities who have been involved on both sides of the civil war and have remained in the government after the ceasefire, now involved in drug trafficking. UNODC works with Tajikistan to strengthen border crossings, provide training, and establish joint blockade units. It also helped establish the Tajikistani Drug Control Agency.', 0.9853022, 1)
('The university is affiliated with the Congregation of Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominals: "CSC"). While religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, more than 93% of students identify as Christian, with over 80% of the total being Catholic. Collectively, Catholic Mass is celebrated over 100 times per week on campus, and a large campus ministry program provides for the faith needs of the community. There are multitudes of religious statues and artwork around campus, most prominent of which are the statue of Mary on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher. Additionally, every classroom displays a crucifix. There are many religious clubs (catholic and non-Catholic) at the school, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, The Mormon Club, and many more. The Notre Dame KofC are known for being the first collegiate council of KofC, operating a charitable concession stand during every home football game and owning their own building on campus which can be used as a cigar lounge. Fifty-seven chapels are located throughout the campus.', ' The university is affiliated with the Congregation of the Holy Cross (Latin: Congregatio a Sancta Cruce, abbreviated postnominally as "CSC"). Religious affiliation is not a criterion for admission, but more than 93% of the students identify themselves as Christians, of whom over 80% are Catholic. Over 100 Catholic masses are celebrated on campus each week, and an extensive campus ministry program caters to the spiritual needs of the community. Religious statues and artwork can be found throughout campus, particularly the Marian statue on the Main Building, the Notre Dame Grotto, and the Word of Life mural on Hesburgh Library depicting Christ as a teacher. A cross is displayed in every classroom. There are many religious clubs (both Catholic and non-Catholic) on campus, including Council #1477 of the Knights of Columbus (KOC), Baptist Student Ministry (BCM), Jewish Club, Muslim Student Association, Orthodox Christian Fellowship, and The Mormon Club, among others. The Notre Dame Knights of Columbus are known for operating the first collegiate council of the Knights of Columbus, which runs a charitable snack stand during every home football game and has their own building on campus that can serve as a smoking room. There are 57 chapels scattered throughout the campus.', 0.98533005, 1)
("The Montana Territory was formed on April 26, 1864, when the U.S. passed the Organic Act. Schools started forming in the area before it was officially a territory as families started settling into the area. The first schools were subscription schools that typically held in the teacher's home. The first formal school on record was at Fort Owen in Bitterroot valley in 1862. The students were Indian children and the children of Fort Owen employees. The first school term started in early winter and only lasted until February 28. Classes were taught by Mr. Robinson. Another early subscription school was started by Thomas Dimsdale in Virginia City in 1863. In this school students were charged $1.75 per week. The Montana Territorial Legislative Assembly had its inaugural meeting in 1864. The first legislature authorized counties to levy taxes for schools, which set the foundations for public schooling. Madison County was the first to take advantage of the newly authorized taxes and it formed fhe first public school in Virginia City in 1886. The first school year was scheduled to begin in January 1866, but severe weather postponed its opening until March. The first school year ran through the summer and didn't end until August 17. One of the first teachers at the school was Sarah Raymond. She was a 25-year-old woman who had traveled to Virginia City via wagon train in 1865. To become a certified teacher, Raymond took a test in her home and paid a $6 fee in gold dust to obtain a teaching certificate. With the help of an assistant teacher, Mrs. Farley, Raymond was responsible for teaching 50 to 60 students each day out of the 81 students enrolled at the school. Sarah Raymond was paid at a rate of $125 per month, and Mrs. Farley was paid $75 per month. There were no textbooks used in the school. In their place was an assortment of books brought in by various emigrants. Sarah quit teaching the following year, but would later become the Madison County superintendent of schools.", "The Montana territory was formed on April 26, 1864, when the United States approved the Organic Act. Schools began to form in the area before it officially became a territory. The first schools were subscription schools that usually took place in the teacher's home. The first formal school record was at Fort Owen in the Bitterroot Valley in 1862. The students were Indian children and children of Fort Owen employees. The first school term started in the earliest winter and lasted until February 28. Instruction was provided by Mr. Robinson. Another early subscription school was started by Thomas Dimsdale in Virginia City in 1863. Students paid $1.75 per week. The Montana territorial Legislative Assembly held its first meeting in 1864. The first legislative assembly granted privileged counties the right to levy taxes for schools, which was the foundation for public education. Madison County was the first to use the new taxes and formed the first public school in Virginia City in 1866. The first school year was planned to begin in January 1866, but serious weather conditions delayed the opening until March. The first school year ran through the summer and lasted until August 17. One of the first teachers at the school was Sarah Raymond. She was a 25-year-old woman who had come to Virginia City in a wagon train in 1865. To become a certified teacher, Raymond took a test at home and paid a $6 gold fee for a teacher's diploma. With the help of a fellow teacher, Mrs. Farley, Sarah was responsible for teaching 50 to 60 students each day out of the 81 students enrolled at the school. Sarah resigned the next year but later became the superintendent of public schools in Madison County.", 0.9853549, 1)
('Linguistic anthropology (also called anthropological linguistics) seeks to understand the processes of human communications, verbal and non-verbal, variation in language across time and space, the social uses of language, and the relationship between language and culture. It is the branch of anthropology that brings linguistic methods to bear on anthropological problems, linking the analysis of linguistic forms and processes to the interpretation of sociocultural processes. Linguistic anthropologists often draw on related fields including sociolinguistics, pragmatics, cognitive linguistics, semiotics, discourse analysis, and narrative analysis.', ' Linguistic anthropology, also known as anthropological linguistics, explores the processes of human communication, both verbal and non-verbal. It examines language variations over time and space, social uses of language, and the connection between language and culture. This branch of anthropology utilizes linguistic methods to address anthropological issues, linking the analysis of linguistic forms and processes to the interpretation of sociocultural processes. Linguistic anthropologists frequently draw from related fields such as sociolinguistics, pragmatics, cognitive linguistics, semiotics, discourse analysis, and narrative analysis.', 0.985383, 1)
("The topography of the state is roughly defined by the Continental Divide, which splits much of the state into distinct eastern and western regions. Most of Montana's 100 or more named mountain ranges are concentrated in the western half of the state, most of which is geologically and geographically part of the Northern Rocky Mountains. The Absaroka and Beartooth ranges in the south-central part of the state are technically part of the Central Rocky Mountains. The Rocky Mountain Front is a significant feature in the north-central portion of the state, and there are a number of isolated island ranges that interrupt the prairie landscape common in the central and eastern parts of the state. About 60 percent of the state is prairie, part of the northern Great Plains.", ' The topography of the state is generally defined by the Continental Divide, which separates much of the state into distinct eastern and western regions. Over 100 named mountain ranges in the state are located in the western half, most of which is geologically and geographically part of the Northern Rocky Mountains. The Absaroka and Beartooth ranges, located in the south-central part of the state, are technically part of the Central Rocky Mountains. The Rocky Mountain Front is a notable feature in the north-central portion of the state, and there are several isolated island ranges that disrupt the prairie landscape common in the central and eastern parts of the state. Approximately 60 percent of the state is prairie, which is part of the northern Great Plains.', 0.98538715, 1)
('Following the Távora affair, the new Count of Oeiras knew no opposition. Made "Marquis of Pombal" in 1770, he effectively ruled Portugal until Joseph I\'s death in 1779. However, historians also argue that Pombal’s "enlightenment," while far-reaching, was primarily a mechanism for enhancing autocracy at the expense of individual liberty and especially an apparatus for crushing opposition, suppressing criticism, and furthering colonial economic exploitation as well as intensifying book censorship and consolidating personal control and profit.', ' After the Távora affair, the new Count of Oeiras encountered no opposition. In 1770, he was made Marquis of Pombal, and he effectively ruled Portugal until Joseph\'s death in 1779. However, historians argue that Pombal\'s "enlightenment," which was far-reaching, was primarily a means to strengthen autocracy at the expense of individual liberty and especially a tool for suppressing opposition, silencing criticism, and furthering colonial economic exploitation, as well as intensifying book censorship and consolidating personal control and profit.', 0.98539364, 1)
("According to some estimates about 20% of the population lives on less than US$1.25 per day. Migration from Tajikistan and the consequent remittances have been unprecedented in their magnitude and economic impact. In 2010, remittances from Tajik labour migrants totaled an estimated $2.1 billion US dollars, an increase from 2009. Tajikistan has achieved transition from a planned to a market economy without substantial and protracted recourse to aid (of which it by now receives only negligible amounts), and by purely market-based means, simply by exporting its main commodity of comparative advantage — cheap labor. The World Bank Tajikistan Policy Note 2006 concludes that remittances have played an important role as one of the drivers of Tajikistan's robust economic growth during the past several years, have increased incomes, and as a result helped significantly reduce poverty.", " According to some estimates, around 20% of the population lives on less than US$1.25 per day. Migration from Tajikistan and the resulting remittances have had unprecedented magnitude and economic impact. In 2010, remittances from Tajik labor migrants amounted to approximately $2.1 billion US dollars, an increase from 2009. Tajikistan has transitioned from a planned to a market economy without significant and prolonged aid reliance (now receiving only negligible amounts), and solely through market-based means, by exporting its main commodity of comparative advantage — cheap labor. According to the Tajikistan Policy Note of the World Bank 2006, remittances have played an important role as one of the drivers of Tajikistan's robust economic growth over the past several years, have increased incomes, and as a result have significantly reduced poverty.", 0.98542404, 1)
('The New York City Fire Department faces highly multifaceted firefighting challenges in many ways unique to New York. In addition to responding to building types that range from wood-frame single family homes to high-rise structures, there are many secluded bridges and tunnels, as well as large parks and wooded areas that can give rise to brush fires. New York is also home to one of the largest subway systems in the world, consisting of hundreds of miles of tunnel with electrified track.', ' The New York Fire Department is faced with various multifaceted firefighting challenges in many unique ways in New York. Besides reacting to buildings that expand from wooden frame houses to high-rise structures, there are many remote bridges and tunnels, as well as large parks and forests, that can cause fires. New York is also home to one of the largest metro tunnel systems in the world, consisting of hundreds of miles of tunnel with electrification.', 0.9854343, 1)
("Psychological anthropology is an interdisciplinary subfield of anthropology that studies the interaction of cultural and mental processes. This subfield tends to focus on ways in which humans' development and enculturation within a particular cultural group—with its own history, language, practices, and conceptual categories—shape processes of human cognition, emotion, perception, motivation, and mental health. It also examines how the understanding of cognition, emotion, motivation, and similar psychological processes inform or constrain our models of cultural and social processes.", ' Psychological anthropology is an interdisciplinary subfield of anthropology that explores the interaction between cultural and mental processes. It primarily focuses on how humans develop and get enculturated within a specific cultural group—with its own history, language, practices, and conceptual categories—affect processes of human cognition, emotion, perception, motivation, and mental health. It also investigates how insights into cognition, emotion, motivation, and similar psychological processes inform or limit our models of cultural and social processes.', 0.9855113, 1)
('In September 2015 it was announced that Sam Smith and regular collaborator Jimmy Napes had written the film\'s title theme, "Writing\'s on the Wall", with Smith performing it for the film. Smith said the song came together in one session and that he and Napes wrote it in under half an hour before recording a demo. Satisfied with the quality, the demo was used in the final release.', ' In September 2015, it was announced that Sam Smith and his regular collaborator Jimmy Napes had written the film title song, "Writings on the Wall." Smith stated that the song came together in one session and that they had written it within the first half hour before recording a demo. Satisfied with the quality, the demo was used in the final version.', 0.9855543, 1)
('One rescue team reported only 2,300 survivors from the town of Yingxiu in Wenchuan County, out of a total population of about 9,000. 3,000 to 5,000 people were killed in Beichuan County, Sichuan alone; in the same location, 10,000 people were injured and 80% of the buildings were destroyed. The old county seat of Beichuan was abandoned and preserved as part of the Beichuan Earthquake Museum. Eight schools were toppled in Dujiangyan. A 56-year-old was killed in Dujiangyan during a rescue attempt on the Lingyanshan Ropeway, where due to the earthquake 11 tourists from Taiwan had been trapped inside cable cars since May 13. A 4-year-old boy named Zhu Shaowei (traditional Chinese: 朱紹維; simplified Chinese: 朱绍维; pinyin: Zhū Shàowéi) was also killed in Mianzhu City when a house collapsed on him and another was reported missing.', ' A rescue team reported only 2,300 survivors from Yingxiu town in Wenchuan County, out of a total population of about 9,000. In Beichuan County, 3,000 to 5,000 people were killed; 10,000 people were injured and 80% of the buildings were destroyed. The old county seat of Beichuan was abandoned and preserved as part of the Beichuan Earthquake Museum. Eight schools were toppled in Dujiangyan. A 56-year-old man was killed in Dujiangyan during a rescue attempt on the Lingyanshan Ropeway, where 11 tourists from Taiwan had been trapped inside cable cars since May 13. A 4-year-old boy named Zhu Shaowei (traditional Chinese: 朱紹維; simplified Chinese: 朱绍维; pinyin: Zhū Shàowéi) was also killed in Mianzhu City when a house collapsed on him and another was reported missing.', 0.98558795, 1)
('The large magnitude of solar energy available makes it a highly appealing source of electricity. The United Nations Development Programme in its 2000 World Energy Assessment found that the annual potential of solar energy was 1,575–49,837 exajoules (EJ). This is several times larger than the total world energy consumption, which was 559.8 EJ in 2012.', ' The large surface area of solar energy makes it an appealing source of electricity. The United Nations Development Programme found in its 2000 World Energy Assessment that the annual potential of solar energy was between 1,575-49,837 exajoules (EJ). This is several times larger than the total world energy consumption of 559.8 EJ in 2012.', 0.9856266, 1)
("General Secretary and President Hu Jintao announced that the disaster response would be rapid. Just 90 minutes after the earthquake, Premier Wen Jiabao, who has an academic background in geomechanics, flew to the earthquake area to oversee the rescue work. Soon afterward, the Ministry of Health said that it had sent ten emergency medical teams to Wenchuan County. On the same day, the Chengdu Military Region Command dispatched 50,000 troops and armed police to help with disaster relief work in Wenchuan County. However, due to the rough terrain and close proximity of the quake's epicenter, the soldiers found it very difficult to get help to the rural regions of the province.", "The General Secretary and President Hu Jintao made an announcement for a rapid response. Ninety minutes after the earthquake, Premier Wen Jiabao, with an academic background in geomechanics, flew to the earthquake site to supervise the rescue efforts. Shortly after, the Ministry of Health declared that they had dispatched ten emergency medical teams to Wenchuan County. On the same day, the Chengdu Military Region Command sent 50,000 soldiers and armed police to aid in disaster relief work in Wenchuan County. However, due to the rugged terrain and the earthquake's epicenter being close by, the soldiers encountered significant difficulties in providing assistance to the rural areas of the province.", 0.9856403, 1)
('The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR) is a court under the auspices of the United Nations for the prosecution of offenses committed in Rwanda during the genocide which occurred there during April 1994, commencing on 6 April. The ICTR was created on 8 November 1994 by the Security Council of the United Nations in order to judge those people responsible for the acts of genocide and other serious violations of the international law performed in the territory of Rwanda, or by Rwandan citizens in nearby states, between 1 January and 31 December 1994.', ' The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR) is a court under the supervision of the United Nations for prosecuting crimes committed in Rwanda during the genocide that occurred there in April 1994, starting from the 6th of April. The ICTR was established on 8 November 1994 by the Security Council of the United Nations, to try those persons who were involved in the genocide and other serious violations of international law in the territory of Rwanda, or committed against Rwandans in neighboring states, between 1 January and 31 December 1994.', 0.9856515, 1)
("In 2003, Nintendo announced that a new The Legend of Zelda game was in the works for the GameCube by the same team that had created the cel-shaded The Wind Waker. At the following year's Game Developers Conference, director Eiji Aonuma unintentionally revealed that the game's sequel was in development under the working title The Wind Waker 2; it was set to use a similar graphical style to that of its predecessor. Nintendo of America told Aonuma that North American sales of The Wind Waker were sluggish because its cartoon appearance created the impression that the game was designed for a young audience. Concerned that the sequel would have the same problem, Aonuma expressed to producer Shigeru Miyamoto that he wanted to create a realistic Zelda game that would appeal to the North American market. Miyamoto, hesitant about solely changing the game's presentation, suggested the team's focus should instead be on coming up with gameplay innovations. He advised that Aonuma should start by doing what could not be done in Ocarina of Time, particularly horseback combat.[l]", " In 2003, Nintendo announced that a new The Legend of Zelda game was in development for the GameCube by the same team that created the cel-shaded The Wind Waker. At the following Yearly Developers Conference, director Eiji Aonuma accidentally revealed that the sequel was in development under the working title The Wind Waker 2; it was set to use a similar graphical style to that of its predecessor. Nintendo of America told Aonuma that North American sales of The Wind Waker were sluggish because its cartoon appearance created the impression that the game was designed for a young audience. Despite Aonuma's fear that the sequel would have the same problem, Miyamoto suggested that the focus should instead be on coming up with gameplay innovations. He advised Aonuma to start by doing what could not be done in Ocarina of Time, particularly horseback combat.", 0.9856839, 1)
('Malaysia-based Yazhou Zhoukan conducted an interview with former researcher at the China Seismological Bureau Geng Qingguo (耿庆国), in which Geng claimed that a confidential written report was sent to the State Seismological Bureau on April 30, 2008, warning about the possible occurrence of a significant earthquake in Ngawa Prefecture region of Sichuan around May 8, with a range of 10 days before or after the quake. Geng, while acknowledging that earthquake prediction was broadly considered problematic by the scientific community, believed that "the bigger the earthquake, the easier it is to predict." Geng had long attempted to establish a correlation between the occurrence of droughts and earthquakes; Premier Zhou Enlai reportedly took an interest in Geng\'s work. Geng\'s drought-earthquake correlation theory was first released in 1972, and said to have successfully predicted the 1975 Haicheng and 1976 Tangshan earthquakes. The same Yazhou Zhoukan article pointed out the inherent difficulties associated with predicting earthquakes. In response, an official with the Seismological Bureau stated that "earthquake prediction is widely acknowledged around the world to be difficult from a scientific standpoint." The official also denied that the Seismological Bureau had received reports predicting the earthquake.', ' Malaysia-based Yazhou Zhoukan conducted an interview with former researcher at the China Seismological Bureau Geng Qingguo (Geng Qingguo, formerly of the China Seismological Bureau), who claimed that on April 30, 2008, a confidential written report was sent to the State Seismological Bureau regarding a potential significant earthquake in the Ngawa Prefecture region of Sichuan, with a range of 10 days before or after the quake. Geng acknowledged that earthquake prediction was generally considered problematic in the scientific community. However, he believed that "the bigger the earthquake, the easier it is to predict." Geng had long tried to find a correlation between droughts and earthquakes.', 0.9856923, 1)
('Although the two displayed great respect and admiration for each other, their friendship was uneasy and had some qualities of a love-hate relationship. Harold C. Schonberg believes that Chopin displayed a "tinge of jealousy and spite" towards Liszt\'s virtuosity on the piano, and others have also argued that he had become enchanted with Liszt\'s theatricality, showmanship and success. Liszt was the dedicatee of Chopin\'s Op. 10 Études, and his performance of them prompted the composer to write to Hiller, "I should like to rob him of the way he plays my studies." However, Chopin expressed annoyance in 1843 when Liszt performed one of his nocturnes with the addition of numerous intricate embellishments, at which Chopin remarked that he should play the music as written or not play it at all, forcing an apology. Most biographers of Chopin state that after this the two had little to do with each other, although in his letters dated as late as 1848 he still referred to him as "my friend Liszt". Some commentators point to events in the two men\'s romantic lives which led to a rift between them; there are claims that Liszt had displayed jealousy of his mistress Marie d\'Agoult\'s obsession with Chopin, while others believe that Chopin had become concerned about Liszt\'s growing relationship with George Sand.', ' Although they held great respect and admiration for each other, their friendship was uneasy and bore some resemblance to a love-hate relationship. Harold C. Schonberg posits that Chopin exhibited a "tinge of jealousy and spite" towards Liszt\'s virtuosity on the piano, and others have similarly suggested that he had been captivated by Liszt\'s theatrics, showmanship, and success. Liszt was the dedicatee of Chopin\'s Op. 10 Études, and his rendition of them incited the composer to pen a letter to Hiller, "I would like to take away his way of performing my studies." However, Chopin expressed irritation in 1843 when Liszt performed one of his nocturnes adorned with intricate embellishments, at which Chopin retorted that he should play the music as written or not play it at all, eliciting an apology. Most Chopin biographers assert that after this, the two had minimal interaction, although in his letters dated as late as 1848, he still referred to him as "my friend Liszt". Some commentators attribute the rift between them to occurrences in their personal lives; there are allegations that Liszt harbored jealousy towards Marie d\'Agoult\'s infatuation with Chopin, while others argue that Chopin had grown apprehensive about Liszt\'s burgeoning relationship with George Sand.', 0.98571956, 1)
('In the early 1900s, James J. Hill of the Great Northern began promoting settlement in the Montana prairie to fill his trains with settlers and goods. Other railroads followed suit. In 1902, the Reclamation Act was passed, allowing irrigation projects to be built in Montana\'s eastern river valleys. In 1909, Congress passed the Enlarged Homestead Act that expanded the amount of free land from 160 to 320 acres (0.6 to 1.3 km2) per family and in 1912 reduced the time to "prove up" on a claim to three years. In 1916, the Stock-Raising Homestead Act allowed homesteads of 640 acres in areas unsuitable for irrigation.  This combination of advertising and changes in the Homestead Act drew tens of thousands of homesteaders, lured by free land, with World War I bringing particularly high wheat prices. In addition, Montana was going through a temporary period of higher-than-average precipitation. Homesteaders arriving in this period were known as "Honyockers", or "scissorbills." Though the word "honyocker", possibly derived from the ethnic slur "hunyak," was applied in a derisive manner at homesteaders as being "greenhorns", "new at his business" or "unprepared", the reality was that a majority of these new settlers had previous farming experience, though there were also many who did not.', ' In the early 1900s, James J. Hill of the Great Northern Railway promoted colonization in the Montana prairie to fill his trains with settlers and goods. Other railways followed suit. In 1902, the Reclamation Act was adopted, making irrigation works in the eastern river valleys of Montana possible. In 1909, the Extended Homestead Act was adopted by Congress, increasing the free land allotment of each family from 160 to 320 acres (0.6 to 1.3 km²) and reducing the period to file a claim on a plot to three years in 1912. In 1916, the Stock-Raising Homestead Act was adopted by Congress, allowing homesteads of 640 acres in areas unsuitable for irrigation. This combination of promotion and changes to the Homestead Act attracted tens of thousands of homesteaders, driven by free land and the unusually high grain prices brought about by World War I. Montana was also in a temporary period of above-average rainfall. Homesteaders who arrived during this period were called "Honyockers" or "scrubbers." The term "honyocker," possibly derived from the ethnic slur "hunyak," was used in a derogatory way to refer to homesteaders as "green hands," "new to the business," or "unprepared." However, most of these new settlers had previous farming experience, although there were also many who did not.', 0.98576856, 1)
('After years of high increase, the unemployment in Portugal has been in a continuous falling trend since the third quarter of 2014, decreasing from a peak of 17.7% achieved in the early 2013 to a rate of 11.9% in the second quarter of 2015. However, it is high still high compared with what was the normal average Portuguese unemployment rate in the past. In the second quarter of 2008 the unemployment rate was 7.3%, but the rate immediately rose the following period. By December 2009, unemployment had surpassed the 10% mark nationwide in the wake of worldwide events, by 2010, the rate was around 11% and in 2011 it was above 12%.[citation needed] The first quarter of 2013 signified a new unemployment rate record for Portugal, as it reached 17.7%— up from 17% in the previous quarter — and the Government has predicted an 18.5% unemployment rate in 2014. However, in the third quarter of the same year, it has surprisingly declined to a rate of 15.6%. From then on, the unemployment downtrend continued, declining to 13.9% in the second semester of 2014 and to 11.9% in the second quarter of 2015.', ' After years of high increases, Portuguese unemployment had been decreasing continuously since the third quarter of 2014. It dropped from a peak of 17.7% in early 2013 to a rate of 11.9% in the second quarter of 2015. However, it is still higher than the normal average Portuguese unemployment rate in the past. In the second quarter of 2008, the unemployment rate was 7.3%, but it exceeded the 10% mark nationwide in the aftermath of global events. By 2010, the rate was around 11% and in 2011 it was above 12%.[Citation needed]The first quarter of 2013 set a new unemployment rate record for Portugal, as it reached 17.7%— up from 17% in the previous quarter — and the Government had predicted an unemployment rate of 18.5% in 2014. However, in the third quarter of the same year, it surprisingly declined to a rate of ].', 0.9857894, 1)
('One of the first incidents of the book being challenged was in Hanover, Virginia, in 1966: a parent protested that the use of rape as a plot device was immoral. Johnson cites examples of letters to local newspapers, which ranged from amusement to fury; those letters expressing the most outrage, however, complained about Mayella Ewell\'s attraction to Tom Robinson over the depictions of rape. Upon learning the school administrators were holding hearings to decide the book\'s appropriateness for the classroom, Harper Lee sent $10 to The Richmond News Leader suggesting it to be used toward the enrollment of "the Hanover County School Board in any first grade of its choice". The National Education Association in 1968 placed the novel second on a list of books receiving the most complaints from private organizations—after Little Black Sambo.', ' One of the first incidents of the book being challenged was in Hanover, Virginia, in 1966: a parent protested against the use of rape as a plot device, finding it immoral. Johnson mentions letters to local newspapers, which ranged from amusement to anger; those expressing the most outrage complained about Mayella Ewell\'s attraction to Tom Robinson instead of the depictions of rape. Upon learning that the school administrators were holding hearings to decide the book\'s appropriateness for the classroom, Harper Lee sent $10 to The Richmond News Leader, suggesting it be used towards the enrollment of "the Hanover County School Board in any first grade of its choice". In 1968, the National Education Association placed the novel second on a list of books receiving the most complaints from private organizations—after Little Black Sambo.', 0.98581344, 1)
('The traditional New York area accent is characterized as non-rhotic, so that the sound [ɹ] does not appear at the end of a syllable or immediately before a consonant; hence the pronunciation of the city name as "New Yawk." There is no [ɹ] in words like park [pɑək] or [pɒək] (with vowel backed and diphthongized due to the low-back chain shift), butter [bʌɾə], or here [hiə]. In another feature called the low back chain shift, the [ɔ] vowel sound of words like talk, law, cross, chocolate, and coffee and the often homophonous [ɔr] in core and more are tensed and usually raised more than in General American. In the most old-fashioned and extreme versions of the New York dialect, the vowel sounds of words like "girl" and of words like "oil" became a diphthong [ɜɪ]. This would often be misperceived by speakers of other accents as a reversal of the er and oy sounds, so that girl is pronounced "goil" and oil is pronounced "erl"; this leads to the caricature of New Yorkers saying things like "Joizey" (Jersey), "Toidy-Toid Street" (33rd St.) and "terlet" (toilet). The character Archie Bunker from the 1970s sitcom All in the Family (played by Carroll O\'Connor) was a notable example of having used this pattern of speech, which continues to fade in its overall presence.', ' Traditional New York accent is considered non-rhotic, so the sound [ɹ] does not appear at the end of a syllable or directly before a consonant; therefore, the name of the city is pronounced as "New Yawk." There is no [ɹ] in words like park [pɑək or pɒək (with the short vowel shifted backward and diphthongized by the low-back vowel shift)], butter [bʌɾə], or here [hiə]. In a characteristic called the low-back vowel shift, the [ɔ] sound of words like talk, know, cross, chocolate, and coffee, and the often homophonic [ɔr] in core and more, is made more tense and usually higher pitched than in General American. In the oldest and most extreme versions of the New York dialect, the vowels in words like "girl" and "oil" underwent a diphthongization [ɜɪ] of the vowels [ɪ] and [ɛ] (respectively). This is often perceived as a reversal of the er and oy sounds by speakers of other accents, resulting in "goil" for girl and "erl" for oil; this leads to the caricature of New Yorkers saying things like "Joizey" (Jersey), "Toidy-Toid Street" (33rd Street), and "terlet" (toilet). The character Archie Bunker from the 1970s sitcom All in the Family (played by Carroll O\'Connor) was a notable example of someone who spoke this way, which in', 0.98582923, 1)
('The effects of some types of mold on infection had been noticed many times over the course of history (see: History of penicillin). In 1928, Alexander Fleming noticed the same effect in a Petri dish, where a number of disease-causing bacteria were killed by a fungus of the genus Penicillium. Fleming postulated that the effect is mediated by an antibacterial compound he named penicillin, and that its antibacterial properties could be exploited for chemotherapy. He initially characterized some of its biological properties, and attempted to use a crude preparation to treat some infections, but he was unable to pursue its further development without the aid of trained chemists.', ' The effects of certain mold types on infections have been observed numerous times throughout history. In 1928, Alexander Fleming observed the same effect in a Petri dish, where disease-causing bacteria were killed by a fungus of the genus Penicillium. Fleming hypothesized that the effect was mediated by an antibacterial compound he named penicillin, and that its antibacterial properties could be exploited for chemotherapy. He initially characterized some of its biological properties, and attempted to use a crude preparation to treat some infections, but he was unable to further develop it without the aid of trained chemists.', 0.9859124, 1)
('The novel is renowned for its warmth and humor, despite dealing with the serious issues of rape and racial inequality. The narrator\'s father, Atticus Finch, has served as a moral hero for many readers and as a model of integrity for lawyers. One critic explains the novel\'s impact by writing, "In the twentieth century, To Kill a Mockingbird is probably the most widely read book dealing with race in America, and its protagonist, Atticus Finch, the most enduring fictional image of racial heroism."', ' The book is known for its warmth and humor, despite dealing with serious themes of abuse and racial segregation. The father of the narrator, Atticus Finch, has become a moral hero for many readers and an example of integrity for lawyers. A critic describes the influence of the book by writing: "In the twentieth century, To Kill a Mockingbird was probably the most read book about racism in America, and its main character, Atticus Finch, the most enduring fictional image of racial heroism."', 0.98594105, 1)
('A national railway system that extends throughout the country and into Spain, is supported and administered by Comboios de Portugal. Rail transport of passengers and goods is derived using the 2,791 km (1,734 mi) of railway lines currently in service, of which 1,430 km (889 mi) are electrified and about 900 km (559 mi) allow train speeds greater than 120 km/h (75 mph). The railway network is managed by the REFER while the transport of passengers and goods are the responsibility of Comboios de Portugal (CP), both public companies. In 2006 the CP carried 133 million passengers and 9,750,000 t (9,600,000 long tons; 10,700,000 short tons) of goods.', ' A national railway system that spans the country and extends into Spain, is managed and operated by Comboios de Portugal. The railway system comprises of 2,791 km (1,734 mi) of operational lines, with 1,430 km (889 mi) being electrified and approximately 900 km (559 mi) allowing train speeds above 120 km/h (75 mph). The railway network is overseen by REFER, while the transportation of passengers and goods is the duty of Comboios de Portugal (CP), both public entities. In 2006, CP transported 133 million passengers and 9,750,000 t (9,600,000 long tons; 10,700,000 short tons) of cargo.', 0.9859624, 1)
("The emergence of antibiotic resistance has prompted restrictions on their use in the UK in 1970 (Swann report 1969), and the EU has banned the use of antibiotics as growth-promotional agents since 2003. Moreover, several organizations (e.g., The American Society for Microbiology (ASM), American Public Health Association (APHA) and the American Medical Association (AMA)) have called for restrictions on antibiotic use in food animal production and an end to all nontherapeutic uses.[citation needed] However, commonly there are delays in regulatory and legislative actions to limit the use of antibiotics, attributable partly to resistance against such regulation by industries using or selling antibiotics, and to the time required for research to test causal links between their use and resistance to them. Two federal bills (S.742 and H.R. 2562) aimed at phasing out nontherapeutic use of antibiotics in US food animals were proposed, but have not passed. These bills were endorsed by public health and medical organizations, including the American Holistic Nurses' Association, the American Medical Association, and the American Public Health Association (APHA).", 'The emergence of antibiotic resistance resulted in restrictions on their use in the UK in 1970 (Swann report 1969). The EU prohibited the use of antibiotics as growth promoters in animals in 2003. Several organizations, such as The American Society for Microbiology (ASM), American Public Health Association (APHA), and American Medical Association (AMA), have advocated for restrictions on antibiotic use in animal food production and an end to all non-therapeutic uses. [Citation needed] However, there are frequently delays in regulatory and legislative actions to limit the use of antibiotics, partly due to resistance from industries using or selling antibiotics, and the time required for research to establish causal links between their use and resistance to them. Two federal bills (S.742 and H.R. 2562) were proposed to phase out non-therapeutic use of antibiotics in US food animals, but have not passed. These bills were supported by health and medical organizations, including the American Holistic Nurses Association, American Medical Association, and American Public Health Association (APHA).', 0.98600674, 1)
('Immediately after the earthquake event, mobile and terrestrial telecommunications were cut to the affected and surrounding area, with all internet capabilities cut to the Sichuan area too. Elements of telecommunications were restored by the government piece by piece over the next number of months as the situation in the Sichuan province gradually improved. Eventually, a handful of major news and media websites were made accessible online in the region, albeit with dramatically pared back webpages.', ' Immediately after the earthquake, mobile and landline telecommunications, as well as all internet capabilities, were cut in the affected and surrounding area of the Sichuan province. Gradually, elements of telecommunications were restored by the government over the following months as the situation in the Sichuan province improved. Eventually, a few major news and media websites became accessible online in the region, but with significantly reduced webpages.', 0.9861121, 1)
('The New York Times reported that "government officials in Beijing and Sichuan have said they are investigating the collapses. In an acknowledgment of the weakness of building codes in the countryside, the National Development and Reform Commission said on May 27 that it had drafted an amendment to improve construction standards for primary and middle schools in rural areas. Experts are reviewing the draft, the commission said." To limit protests, officials pushed parents to sign a document, which forbade them from holding protests, in exchange of money, but some who refused to sign were threatened. The payment amounts varied from school to school but were approximately the same. In Hanwang, parents were offered a package valued at 8,800 USD in cash and a per-parent pension of nearly 5,600 USD. Furthermore, officials used other methods of silencing: riot police officers broke up protests by parents; the authorities set up cordons around the schools; and officials ordered the Chinese news media to stop reporting on school collapses.', 'The New York Times reported that "government officials in Beijing and Sichuan say they are investigating collapses. In recognition of the weakness of construction regulations in the countryside, the National Development and Reform Commission announced on May 27 that they had made a change to improve the building standards for primary and middle schools in rural areas. Experts evaluate the legislative proposal, the commission said. To limit protests, officials forced parents to sign a document prohibiting them from protesting in exchange for money, but some who refused to sign were threatened. Payments varied from school to school but were roughly the same. In Hanwang, officials offered a package of approximately 6,600 EUR in cash and a per-parent pension of approximately 2,900 EUR. Furthermore, officials used other methods to hush up the matter: riot police broke up parent protests; the government set up cordons around the schools; and officials ordered Chinese media to stop reporting on school collapses.', 0.98615324, 0)
('In a 1964 interview, Lee remarked that her aspiration was "to be ... the Jane Austen of South Alabama." Both Austen and Lee challenged the social status quo and valued individual worth over social standing. When Scout embarrasses her poorer classmate, Walter Cunningham, at the Finch home one day, Calpurnia, their black cook, chastises and punishes her for doing so. Atticus respects Calpurnia\'s judgment, and later in the book even stands up to his sister, the formidable Aunt Alexandra, when she strongly suggests they fire Calpurnia. One writer notes that Scout, "in Austenian fashion", satirizes women with whom she does not wish to identify. Literary critic Jean Blackall lists the priorities shared by the two authors: "affirmation of order in society, obedience, courtesy, and respect for the individual without regard for status".', ' In an interview in 1964, Lee stated that her ambition was "to be ... the Jane Austen of South Alabama." Both Austen and Lee challenged the social norms and valued individual worth over social standing. When Scout shamefully treats her poor classmate, Walter Cunningham, in the Finch home one day, Calpurnia, their black cook, is reprimanded and punished by Scout. Atticus trusts Calpurnia\'s judgment, and later in the book, he even stands up against his sister, the indomitable Aunt Alexandra, when she strongly recommends letting go of Calpurnia. A writer describes Scout, in an Austenian way, satirically about women with whom she has no identification. Literary critic Jean Blackall mentions the priorities they share: "affirmation of order in society, obedience, courtesy, and respect for the individual regardless of status."', 0.98618203, 1)
('Josef Kolmaš, a sinologist, Tibetologist, and Professor of Oriental Studies at the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic, writes that it was during the Qing dynasty "that developments took place on the basis of which Tibet came to be considered an organic part of China, both practically and theoretically subject to the Chinese central government." Yet he states that this was a radical change in regards to all previous eras of Sino-Tibetan relations.', 'Josef Kolmas, a sinologist, Tibetan scholar, and professor of Oriental Studies at the Czech Academy of Sciences, wrote that this occurred during the Qing dynasty, "resulting in Tibet being viewed as an organic part of China, both practically and theoretically, under the jurisdiction of the Chinese central government." However, he states that this was a radical change compared to all previous Sino-Tibetan relations.', 0.9862319, 1)
('Forty of the city\'s theaters, with more than 500 seats each, are collectively known as Broadway, after the major thoroughfare that crosses the Times Square Theater District, sometimes referred to as "The Great White Way". According to The Broadway League, Broadway shows sold approximately US$1.27 billion worth of tickets in the 2013–2014 season, an 11.4% increase from US$1.139 billion in the 2012–2013 season. Attendance in 2013–2014 stood at 12.21 million, representing a 5.5% increase from the 2012–2013 season\'s 11.57 million.', ' Forty of the city theaters, with over 500 seat placements each, are collectively known as Broadway, after the significant crossroads that cuts through Times Square Theater District, sometimes also referred to as "The Great White Way". According to The Broadway League, approximately US$1.27 billion worth of tickets for Broadway shows were sold during the 2013-2014 season, a rise of 11.4% compared to the US$1.139 billion in tickets sold during the 2012-2013 season. The attendance numbers for 2013-2014 were 12.21 million, a rise of 5.5% compared to the 11.57 million attendees during the 2012-2013 season.', 0.9862711, 1)
('In 2001, she became the first African-American woman and second woman songwriter to win the Pop Songwriter of the Year award at the American Society of Composers, Authors, and Publishers Pop Music Awards. Beyoncé was the third woman to have writing credits on three number one songs ("Irreplaceable", "Grillz" and "Check on It") in the same year, after Carole King in 1971 and Mariah Carey in 1991. She is tied with American songwriter Diane Warren at third with nine songwriting credits on number-one singles. (The latter wrote her 9/11-motivated song "I Was Here" for 4.) In May 2011, Billboard magazine listed Beyoncé at number 17 on their list of the "Top 20 Hot 100 Songwriters", for having co-written eight singles that hit number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. She was one of only three women on that list.', ' [In 2001, she won the first African-American female and the second female songwriter the Prize for Songwriter of the Year in the Pop category of the American Society of Composers, Authors, and Publishers Pop Music Awards. Beyoncé was the third woman with writing credits for three number 1-hits ("Irreplaceable," "Grillz," and "Check on It") in the same year, following Carole King in 1971 and Mariah Carey in 1991. She is tied with the American songwriter Diane Warren in third place with nine songwriting-credits for number 1-hits. (Last wrote her 9/11-inspired song "I Was Here" for 4.) In May 2011, Billboard magazine placed Beyoncé at number 17 in their top 20 of the "Hot 100 Songwriters," because she had written eight singles that reached number 1 in the Billboard Hot 100 chart.]', 0.9862734, 1)
('The word genocide was later included as a descriptive term to the process of indictment, but not yet as a formal legal term According to Lemming, genocide was defined as "a coordinated strategy to destroy a group of people, a process that could be accomplished through total annihilation as well as strategies that eliminate key elements of the group\'s basic existence, including language, culture, and economic infrastructure.” He created a concept of mobilizing much of the international relations and community, to working together and preventing the occurrence of such events happening within history and the international society. Australian anthropologist Peg LeVine coined the term "ritualcide" to describe the destruction of a group\'s cultural identity without necessarily destroying its members.', ' The term genocide was later added as a descriptive term during the indictment process, but not yet as a formal legal term. According to Lemming, genocide was defined as "a coordinated strategy to exterminate a group of people, a process that could also be accomplished through total annihilation as well as strategies that eliminate key elements of the group\'s basic existence, including language, culture, and economic infrastructure." He developed a concept of mobilizing much of international relations and society to work together and prevent such events from happening in history and international society. Australian anthropologist Peg LeVine coined the term "ritualcide" to describe the destruction of a group\'s cultural identity without necessarily destroying its members.', 0.98631287, 1)
('In 1358, the Sakya viceregal regime installed by the Mongols in Tibet was overthrown in a rebellion by the Phagmodru myriarch Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen (1302–1364). The Mongol Yuan court was forced to accept him as the new viceroy, and Changchub Gyaltsen and his successors, the Phagmodrupa Dynasty, gained de facto rule over Tibet.', ' In 1358, the Mongol-installed Sakya viceregal regime in Tibet was overthrown in a rebellion led by the Phagmodru myriarch Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen (1302–1364). The Mongol Yuan court was forced to acknowledge him as the new vice-governor, and Changchub Gyaltsen and his successors, the Phagmodrupa Dynasty, gained effective rule over Tibet.', 0.98632604, 1)
("The two travel to the hotel and discover White's secret room where they find co-ordinates pointing to Oberhauser's operations base in the desert. They travel by train to the nearest station, but are once again confronted by Hinx; they engage in a fight throughout the train in which Mr Hinx is eventually thrown off the train by Bond with Swann's assistance. After arriving at the station, Bond and Swann are escorted to Oberhauser's base. There, he reveals that Spectre has been staging terrorist attacks around the world, creating a need for the Nine Eyes programme. In return Spectre will be given unlimited access to intelligence gathered by Nine Eyes. Bond is tortured as Oberhauser discusses their shared history: after the younger Bond was orphaned, Oberhauser's father, Hannes, became his temporary guardian. Believing that Bond supplanted his role as son, Oberhauser killed his father and staged his own death, subsequently adopting the name Ernst Stavro Blofeld and going on to form Spectre. Bond and Swann escape, destroying the base in the process, leaving Blofeld to apparently die during the explosion.", ' The two of them go to the hotel and find White\'s secret room, which contains coordinates leading to Oberhauser\'s operations base in the desert. They travel by train to the nearest station, but are confronted by Hinx once again; they engage in a fight on the train, and eventually throw him off the train with Swann\'s help. After arriving at the station, Bond and Swann are escorted to Oberhauser\'s base. There, he reveals that Spectre has been orchestrating terrorist attacks worldwide, creating a need for the Nine Eyes program. In return, Spectre will be given unlimited access to intelligence gathered by Nine Eyes. Bond is tortured as Oberhauser discusses their shared past: after the younger Bond was orphaned, Oberhauser\'s father, Hannes, became his temporary guardian. Believing that Bond had taken his place as son, Oberhauser killed his father and staged his own death, subsequently adopting the name Ernst Stavro Blofeld and forming Spectre. Bond and Swann escape, destroying the base in the process, leaving Blofeld to apparently die during the explosion. (Note: In Dutch, "had supplanted his role as son" is translated as "had taken his place as son" or "had usurped his role as son")', 0.9863479, 1)
('Initial reactions to the novel were varied. The New Yorker declared it "skilled, unpretentious, and totally ingenious", and The Atlantic Monthly\'s reviewer rated it as "pleasant, undemanding reading", but found the narrative voice—"a six-year-old girl with the prose style of a well-educated adult"—to be implausible. Time magazine\'s 1960 review of the book states that it "teaches the reader an astonishing number of useful truths about little girls and about Southern life" and calls Scout Finch "the most appealing child since Carson McCullers\' Frankie got left behind at the wedding". The Chicago Sunday Tribune noted the even-handed approach to the narration of the novel\'s events, writing: "This is in no way a sociological novel. It underlines no cause ... To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel of strong contemporary national significance."', 'The reactions to the book were diverse. The New Yorker described it as "skilled, unassuming, and completely ingenious," while The Atlantic Monthly\'s reviewer deemed it "pleasant, undemanding reading," but found the narrative voice—"a six-year-old girl with the prose style of a well-educated adult"—implausible. Time magazine\'s 1960 review of the book stated that it "teaches the reader an astonishing number of useful truths about little girls and about Southern life" and named Scout Finch "the most appealing child since Carson McCullers\' Frankie was left behind at the wedding." The Chicago Sunday Tribune acknowledged the even-handed approach to the novel\'s events, commenting: "This is in no way a sociological novel. It takes no side ... To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel of strong contemporary national significance."', 0.9864607, 1)
('In the second decade of the 21st century the Portuguese economy suffered its most severe recession since the 1970s resulting in the country having to be bailed out by the European Commission, European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund. The bailout, agreed to in 2011, required Portugal to enter into a range of austerity measures in exchange for funding support of €78 billion. In May 2014 the country exited the bailout but reaffirmed its commitment to maintaining its reformist momentum. At the time of exiting the bailout the economy had contracted by 0.7% in the first quarter of 2014, however unemployment, while still high had fallen to 15.3 percent.', ' In the second decades of the 21st century, the Portuguese economy experienced its most severe recession since the 70s, forcing the country to receive financial aid of €78 billion from the European Commission, the European Central Bank, and the International Monetary Fund. The agreement for this support was reached in 2011. In return for this financial aid, Portugal had to implement a series of measures. In May 2014, the country exited the bailout, but requested the continuation of its commission to maintain its reform momentum. At the time of exiting the bailout, the economy had shrunk by 0.7% in the first quarter of 2014, but unemployment, although still high, had decreased to 15.3%.', 0.98650306, 1)
('According to the United States Geological Survey, an updated analysis of seismic hazard in July 2014 revealed a "slightly lower hazard for tall buildings" in New York City than previously assessed. Scientists estimated this lessened risk based upon a lower likelihood than previously thought of slow shaking near the city, which would be more likely to cause damage to taller structures from an earthquake in the vicinity of the city.', ' According to the USGS, a revised seismic risk assessment in July 2014 revealed a "slightly lower risk for tall buildings" in New York City than previously determined. Scientists calculated this reduced risk based on a lower assumed likelihood than before for strong shaking around the city, which would be more likely to cause damage to taller structures from an earthquake in the city\'s vicinity.', 0.98652446, 1)
('New York City is situated in the Northeastern United States, in southeastern New York State, approximately halfway between Washington, D.C. and Boston. The location at the mouth of the Hudson River, which feeds into a naturally sheltered harbor and then into the Atlantic Ocean, has helped the city grow in significance as a trading port. Most of New York City is built on the three islands of Long Island, Manhattan, and Staten Island.', " New York City lies in the Northeastern United States, in southeastern New York State, approximately halfway between Washington D.C. and Boston. The location at the mouth of the Hudson River, which is fed by a naturally protected harbor and then flows into the Atlantic Ocean, has increased the city's significance as a trade hub. Most of New York City is built on the three islands of Long Island, Manhattan, and Staten Island.", 0.986577, 1)
('But by the 1940s, many of Boas\' anthropologist contemporaries were active in the allied war effort against the "Axis" (Nazi Germany, Fascist Italy, and Imperial Japan). Many served in the armed forces, while others worked in intelligence (for example, Office of Strategic Services and the Office of War Information). At the same time, David H. Price\'s work on American anthropology during the Cold War provides detailed accounts of the pursuit and dismissal of several anthropologists from their jobs for communist sympathies.', ' Around the 1940s, many colleagues of Boas in anthropology were active in the allied war effort against the "Axis" (Nazi-Germany, Fascist Italy, and Imperial Japan). Many of them served in the military, while others worked in intelligence services (for example, Office of Strategic Services and Office of War Information). At the same time, David H. Price\'s work on American anthropology during the Cold War provides detailed descriptions of the persecution and dismissal of several anthropologists from their jobs due to communist sympathies.', 0.9865821, 1)
('A year before Alfonso III "the Great" of Asturias death, three of Alfonso\'s sons rose in rebellion and forced him to abdicate, partitioning the kingdom among them. The eldest son, García, became king of León. The second son, Ordoño, reigned in Galicia, while the third, Fruela, received Asturias with Oviedo as his capital. Alfonso died in Zamora, probably in 910. His former realm would be reunited when first García died childless and León passed to Ordoño. He in turn died when his children were too young to ascend; Fruela became king of a reunited crown. His death the next year initiated a series of internecine struggles that led to unstable succession for over a century. It continued under that name[clarification needed] until incorporated into the Kingdom of Castile in 1230, after Ferdinand III became joint king of the two kingdoms. This was done to avoid dynastic feuds and to maintain the Christian Kingdoms strong enough to prevent complete Muslim take over of the Iberian Peninsula and to further the Reconquista of Iberia by Christian armies.', ' One year before Alfonso III "the Great" of Asturias died, three of his sons rebelled and forced him to abdicate, partitioning the kingdom among them. The eldest son, García, became king of León. The second son, Ordoño, reigned in Galicia, while the third, Fruela, received Asturias with Oviedo as his capital. Alfonso died in Zamora, probably in 1010. His former realm was reunited when first García died childless and León passed to Ordoño. He in turn died when his children were too young to ascend; Fruela became king of a reunited crown. His death the next year initiated a series of internecine struggles that led to unstable succession for over a century. It continued under that name[clarification needed] until incorporated into the Kingdom of Castile in 1230, after Ferdinand III became joint king of the two kingdoms. This was done to avoid dynastic feuds and to maintain the Christian Kingdoms strong enough to prevent complete Muslim take over of the Iberian Peninsula and to further the Reconquista of Iberia by Christian armies.', 0.98658556, 1)
('Elliot Sperling, a specialist of Indian studies and the director of the Tibetan Studies program at Indiana University’s Department of Central Eurasia Studies, writes that "the idea that Tibet became part of China in the 13th century is a very recent construction." He writes that Chinese writers of the early 20th century were of the view that Tibet was not annexed by China until the Manchu Qing dynasty invasion during the 18th century. He also states that Chinese writers of the early 20th century described Tibet as a feudal dependency of China, not an integral part of it. Sperling states that this is because "Tibet was ruled as such, within the empires of the Mongols and the Manchus" and also that "China\'s intervening Ming dynasty ... had no control over Tibet." He writes that the Ming relationship with Tibet is problematic for China’s insistence of its unbroken sovereignty over Tibet since the 13th century. As for the Tibetan view that Tibet was never subject to the rule of the Yuan or Qing emperors of China, Sperling also discounts this by stating that Tibet was "subject to rules, laws and decisions made by the Yuan and Qing rulers" and that even Tibetans described themselves as subjects of these emperors.', 'Elliot Sperling, specialist in Indie studies and director of the Tibetan study program at Indiana University\'s Department of Central Asian Studies, writes that "the idea that Tibet fell under China in the 13th century is a very recent construction." He writes that Chinese writers of the early 20th century believed that Tibet was not conquered by China until the Manchu Qing-dynasty invasion in the 18th century. He also states that Chinese writers of the early 20th century described Tibet as a feudal dependency of China, not an integral part of the country. Sperling states that this was because "Tibet was governed, within the realms of the Mongols and the Manchus," and also because "China\'s intervening Ming dynasty ... had no control over Tibet." He writes that the relationship between Tibet and the Ming dynasty is problematic for China\'s claim of uninterrupted sovereignty over Tibet since the 13th century. Regarding the Tibetan view that Tibet was never under the rule of the Yuan or Qing emperors of China, Sperling refutes this by stating that Tibet "was ruled by the laws, regulations, and decrees of the Yuan and Qing rulers," and that Tibetans themselves described themselves as subjects of these emperors.', 0.9866198, 1)
("Spectre (2015) is the twenty-fourth James Bond film produced by Eon Productions. It features Daniel Craig in his fourth performance as James Bond, and Christoph Waltz as Ernst Stavro Blofeld, with the film marking the character's re-introduction into the series. It was directed by Sam Mendes as his second James Bond film following Skyfall, and was written by John Logan, Neal Purvis, Robert Wade and Jez Butterworth. It is distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Columbia Pictures. With a budget around $245 million, it is the most expensive Bond film and one of the most expensive films ever made.", 'Spectre (2015) is the twenty-fifth James Bond film from Eon Productions. It features Daniel Craig in his fourth appearance as James Bond, and Christoph Waltz as Ernst Stavro Blofeld, marking the return of these characters in the series. It was directed by Sam Mendes as his second James Bond film after Skyfall, and was written by John Logan, Neal Purvis, Robert Wade and Jez Butterworth. It is distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Columbia Pictures. With a budget around €215 million, it is the most expensive Bond film and one of the most expensive films ever made.', 0.9866711, 1)
('The name Montana comes from the Spanish word Montaña, meaning "mountain", or more broadly, "mountainous country". Montaña del Norte was the name given by early Spanish explorers to the entire mountainous region of the west. The name Montana was added to a bill by the United States House Committee on Territories, which was chaired at the time by Rep. James Ashley of Ohio, for the territory that would become Idaho Territory. The name was successfully changed by Representatives Henry Wilson (Massachusetts) and Benjamin F. Harding (Oregon), who complained that Montana had "no meaning". When Ashley presented a bill to establish a temporary government in 1864 for a new territory to be carved out of Idaho, he again chose Montana Territory. This time Rep. Samuel Cox, also of Ohio, objected to the name. Cox complained that the name was a misnomer given that most of the territory was not mountainous and that a Native American name would be more appropriate than a Spanish one. Other names such as Shoshone were suggested, but it was eventually decided that the Committee on Territories could name it whatever they wanted, so the original name of Montana was adopted.', ' The name Montana comes from the Spanish word Montaña, meaning "mountain" or more generally "mountainous land." Montaña del Norte was the name given by early Spanish explorers to the entire mountainous region of the west. The word Montana was added to a law by the American House of Representatives Committee for Territories, chaired by Rep. James Ashley of Ohio, for the land that would later become Idaho Territory. The name was successfully challenged by Reps. Henry Wilson of Massachusetts and Benjamin F. Harding of Oregon, who proved that Montana had "no meaning." When Ashley presented a bill in 1864 to establish temporary government for a new territory to be carved out of Idaho, he again chose Montana Territory. This time, Rep. Samuel Cox of Ohio protested against the name. Cox noted that the name was a misnomer, given that most of the land was not mountainous and that a name of a native tribe would be more fitting than a Spanish one. Other names such as Shoshone were proposed, but ultimately, the Committee for Territories was free to choose, resulting in the adoption of the original name Montana.', 0.98669386, 1)
('Hans Bielenstein writes that as far back as the Han dynasty (202 BCE–220 CE), the Han Chinese government "maintained the fiction" that the foreign officials administering the various "Dependent States" and oasis city-states of the Western Regions (composed of the Tarim Basin and oasis of Turpan) were true Han representatives due to the Han government\'s conferral of Chinese seals and seal cords to them.', " Hans Bielenstein writes that as far back as the Han dynasty (202 BCE–220 CE), the Han Chinese government maintained the illusion that the foreign officials administering the various Dependent States and oasis city-states of the Western Regions, which comprised the Tarim Basin and oasis of Turpan, were true Han representatives due to the Han government's conferral of Chinese seals and seal cords to them.", 0.98672736, 1)
('The book was made into the well-received 1962 film with the same title, starring Gregory Peck as Atticus Finch. The film\'s producer, Alan J. Pakula, remembered Universal Pictures executives questioning him about a potential script: "They said, \'What story do you plan to tell for the film?\' I said, \'Have you read the book?\' They said, \'Yes.\' I said, \'That\'s the story.\'" The movie was a hit at the box office, quickly grossing more than $20 million from a $2-million budget. It won three Oscars: Best Actor for Gregory Peck, Best Art Direction-Set Decoration, Black-and-White, and Best Writing, Screenplay Based on Material from Another Medium for Horton Foote. It was nominated for five more Oscars including Best Actress in a Supporting Role for Mary Badham, the actress who played Scout.', 'The book was turned into the successful 1962 film with the same title, with Gregory Peck in the lead role as Atticus Finch. The film\'s producer, Alan J. Pakula, recalled Universal Pictures asking him about a potential script: "They asked, What story do you want to tell for the film? I answered, Have you read the book? Yes, they replied. I said, That is the story." The film was successful at the box office, earning more than $20 million from a $2-million budget. It won three Oscars: Best Actor for Gregory Peck, Best Art Direction-Set Decoration, black-and-white, and Best Writing, Scenario based on material from another medium for Horton Foote. It was nominated for five other Oscars, including Best Supporting Actress for Mary Badham, who played Scout.', 0.9867798, 1)
('Beyoncé has been described as a having a wide-ranging sex appeal, with music journalist Touré writing that since the release of Dangerously in Love, she has "become a crossover sex symbol". Offstage Beyoncé says that while she likes to dress sexily, her onstage dress "is absolutely for the stage." Due to her curves and the term\'s catchiness, in the 2000s, the media often used the term "Bootylicious" (a portmanteau of the words booty and delicious) to describe Beyoncé, the term popularized by Destiny\'s Child\'s single of the same name. In 2006, it was added to the Oxford English Dictionary.', ' Beyoncé is described as someone with a broad sex appeal. Music journalist Touré wrote after the release of Dangerously in Love that she had "become a crossover sex symbol". Onstage, Beyoncé herself says that she likes to dress seductively, but her onstage clothing "is absolutely for the stage". Due to her curves and catchiness, the media often used the term "Bootylicious" (a blend of the words booty and delicious) to describe Beyoncé in the 2000s, a term popularized by Destiny\'s Child\'s single of the same name. In 2006, this term was added to the Oxford English Dictionary.', 0.98679394, 1)
("After the bailout was announced, the Portuguese government headed by Pedro Passos Coelho managed to implement measures with the intention of improve the State's financial situation, including tax hikes, a freeze of civil service-related lower-wages and cuts of higher-wages by 14.3%, on top of the government's spending cuts. The Portuguese government also agreed to eliminate its golden share in Portugal Telecom which gave it veto power over vital decisions. In 2012, all public servants had already seen an average wage cut of 20% relative to their 2010 baseline, with cuts reaching 25% for those earning more than 1,500 euro per month.", " After the bailout was announced, the Portuguese government, led by Pedro Passos Coelho, implemented measures to improve the country's financial situation. These measures included tax increases, a freeze of civil service-related lower-wages, and cuts of higher-wages by 14.3%. The government also agreed to eliminate its golden share in Portugal Telecom, giving up its veto power over crucial decisions. In 2012, all public servants had already experienced an average wage cut of 20% compared to their 2010 baseline. Cuts reached 25% for those earning more than 1,500 euros per month.", 0.98683065, 1)
("Newtown Creek, a 3.5-mile (6-kilometer) a long estuary that forms part of the border between the boroughs of Brooklyn and Queens, has been designated a Superfund site for environmental clean-up and remediation of the waterway's recreational and economic resources for many communities. One of the most heavily used bodies of water in the Port of New York and New Jersey, it had been one of the most contaminated industrial sites in the country, containing years of discarded toxins, an estimated 30 million US gallons (110,000 m3) of spilled oil, including the Greenpoint oil spill, raw sewage from New York City's sewer system, and other accumulation.", " Newtown Creek, a 3.5-mile (6-kilometer) long estuary that forms part of the border between the boroughs of Brooklyn and Queens, has been designated as a Superfund site for environmental cleanup and restoration of the waterways and their recreational and economic resources for many communities. It is one of the most used bodies of water in the Port of New York and New Jersey, and was one of the most contaminated industrial sites in the country. Approximately 30 million US gallons (110,000 m3) of spilled oil, including the Greenpoint oil spill, raw sewage from New York City's sewer system, and other waste were dumped into it over the years.", 0.98685384, 1)
('Furthermore, despite the novel\'s thematic focus on racial injustice, its black characters are not fully examined. In its use of racial epithets, stereotyped depictions of superstitious blacks, and Calpurnia, who to some critics is an updated version of the "contented slave" motif and to others simply unexplored, the book is viewed as marginalizing black characters. One writer asserts that the use of Scout\'s narration serves as a convenient mechanism for readers to be innocent and detached from the racial conflict. Scout\'s voice "functions as the not-me which allows the rest of us—black and white, male and female—to find our relative position in society". A teaching guide for the novel published by The English Journal cautions, "what seems wonderful or powerful to one group of students may seem degrading to another". A Canadian language arts consultant found that the novel resonated well with white students, but that black students found it "demoralizing". Another criticism, articulated by Michael Lind, is that the novel indulges in classist stereotyping and demonization of poor rural "white trash".', ' Furthermore, despite the novel\'s thematic focus on racial injustice, its black characters are not fully developed. The book is criticized for its use of racial slurs, stereotypical portrayals of superstitious blacks, and Calpurnia, who some view as an updated version of the "contented slave" motif and others as unexplored. One writer argues that the use of Scout\'s narration enables readers to remain innocent and detached from racial conflict. Scout\'s voice "functions as the not-me which allows the rest of us—black and white, male and female—to find our relative position in society". A teaching guide for the novel published in The English Journal advises, "what seems wonderful or powerful to one group of students may seem degrading to another". A Canadian language arts consultant reported that the novel resonated well with white students, but that black students found it "demoralizing". Another criticism, expressed by Michael Lind, is that the novel indulges in classist stereotyping and demonization of poor rural "white trash".', 0.98697114, 1)
('Scholar Patrick Chura, who suggests Emmett Till was a model for Tom Robinson, enumerates the injustices endured by the fictional Tom that Till also faced. Chura notes the icon of the black rapist causing harm to the representation of the "mythologized vulnerable and sacred Southern womanhood". Any transgressions by black males that merely hinted at sexual contact with white females during the time the novel was set often resulted in a punishment of death for the accused. Tom Robinson\'s trial was juried by poor white farmers who convicted him despite overwhelming evidence of his innocence, as more educated and moderate white townspeople supported the jury\'s decision. Furthermore, the victim of racial injustice in To Kill a Mockingbird was physically impaired, which made him unable to commit the act he was accused of, but also crippled him in other ways. Roslyn Siegel includes Tom Robinson as an example of the recurring motif among white Southern writers of the black man as "stupid, pathetic, defenseless, and dependent upon the fair dealing of the whites, rather than his own intelligence to save him". Although Tom is spared from being lynched, he is killed with excessive violence during an attempted escape from prison, shot seventeen times.', ' Researcher Patrick Chura, who sees Emmett Till as a model for Tom Robinson, points to the injustices that the fictional Tom endured, which Till also experienced. Chura refers to the pivotal point of the black rapist who inflicts damage on the glorified vulnerable and sacred Southern womanhood. Every transgression of black men that even suggested the slightest sexual contact with white women during the period the book was set resulted in a death sentence for the accused. Tom Robinson\'s trial was judged by poor white farmers, who convicted him despite overwhelming evidence of his innocence, while more educated and moderate white city dwellers supported the jury\'s decision. Furthermore, the victim of racial injustice in To Kill a Mockingbird was physically disabled, making it impossible for him to commit the alleged crime but also handicapping him in other ways. Roslyn Siegel names Tom Robinson an example of the recurring theme among white Southern writers of the black man as "stupid, pathetic, defenseless, and dependent on the good graces of the whites, rather than his own intelligence to save him." Although Tom managed to avoid lynching, he was killed disproportionately with excessive force during an escape attempt from prison, shot seventeen times.', 0.9869742, 1)
('During the summers at Nohant, particularly in the years 1839–43, Chopin found quiet, productive days during which he composed many works, including his Polonaise in A-flat major, Op. 53. Among the visitors to Nohant were Delacroix and the mezzo-soprano Pauline Viardot, whom Chopin had advised on piano technique and composition. Delacroix gives an account of staying at Nohant in a letter of 7 June 1842:', " During the summers in Nohant, particularly in the years 1839-43, Chopin found quiet, productive days during which he composed many works, including his Polonaise in A-flat major, Op. 53. Among the visitors to Nohant were Delacroix and the mezzo-soprano Pauline Viardot, whom Chopin had advised on piano technique and composition. Delacroix gives an account of staying at Nohant in a letter of 7 June 1842:Translation: At Nohant during the summers, specifically in the years 1839-43, Chopin experienced tranquil, productive days where he created numerous compositions, such as his Polonaise in A-flat major, Op. 53. Among Nohant's guests were Delacroix and mezzo-soprano Pauline Viardot, who received guidance from Chopin on piano technique and composition. Delacroix penned a description of his time at Nohant in a letter dated 7 June 1842:", 0.9869748, 1)
('Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character. Atop the Main Building\'s gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary. Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes". Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart. Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection. It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858. At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary.', ' Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character. On top of the Main Building is a golden dome with a golden statue of the Virgin Mary. In front of the Main Building, facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms raised and the inscription "Come to Me, All". To the right of the Main Building stands the Basilica of the Sacred Heart. Behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection. It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reportedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858. At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through three statues and the Gold Dome), stands a simple, modern stone statue of Mary.', 0.98698723, 1)
('In the first week of May 2013, Prime Minister Passos Coelho announced a significant government plan for the public sector, whereby 30,000 jobs will be cut and the number of weekly working hours will be increased from 35 to 40 hours. Coelho reaffirmed the announcement by explaining that austerity measures are necessary if Portugal seeks to avoid another monetary bailout grant from the European Commission, European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund—the overall plan intends to enact further cuts of €4.8 billion over a three-year period.', ' In the first week of May 2013, Prime Minister Passos Coelho announced a significant government plan for the public sector. This plan involves the elimination of 30,000 jobs and an increase in weekly working hours from 35 to 40 hours. Passos Coelho reiterated this announcement by stating that austerity measures are essential if Portugal aims to prevent another bailout grant from the European Commission, European Central Bank, and International Monetary Fund. The overall plan aims to implement additional cuts of €4.8 billion over a three-year period.', 0.9870052, 1)
('All iPods except for the iPod Touch can function in "disk mode" as mass storage devices to store data files but this may not be the default behavior, and in the case of the iPod Touch, requires special software.[citation needed] If an iPod is formatted on a Mac OS computer, it uses the HFS+ file system format, which allows it to serve as a boot disk for a Mac computer. If it is formatted on Windows, the FAT32 format is used. With the release of the Windows-compatible iPod, the default file system used on the iPod line switched from HFS+ to FAT32, although it can be reformatted to either file system (excluding the iPod Shuffle which is strictly FAT32). Generally, if a new iPod (excluding the iPod Shuffle) is initially plugged into a computer running Windows, it will be formatted with FAT32, and if initially plugged into a Mac running Mac OS it will be formatted with HFS+.', ' All iPods, except for the iPod Touch, can function in "disk mode" as external storage devices to store data files, but this is not the default behavior, and in the case of the iPod Touch, it requires special software. [Citation needed]When an iPod is formatted on a Mac OS computer, it uses the HFS+ file system format, which allows it to serve as a boot disk for a Mac computer. If it is formatted on Windows, the FAT32 format is used. With the release of the Windows-compatible iPod, the default file system used on the iPod line switched from HFS+ to FAT32, although it can be reformatted to either file system (excluding the iPod Shuffle which is strictly FAT32).Generally, if a new iPod (excluding the iPod Shuffle) is first connected to a computer running Windows, it will be formatted with FAT32, and if first connected to a Mac running Mac OS it will be formatted with HFS+.', 0.98716885, 1)
('Some of his friends provided music at his request; among them, Potocka sang and Franchomme played the cello. Chopin requested that his body be opened after death (for fear of being buried alive) and his heart returned to Warsaw where it rests at the Church of the Holy Cross. He also bequeathed his unfinished notes on a piano tuition method, Projet de méthode, to Alkan for completion. On 17 October, after midnight, the physician leaned over him and asked whether he was suffering greatly. "No longer", he replied. He died a few minutes before two o\'clock in the morning. Those present at the deathbed appear to have included his sister Ludwika, Princess Marcelina Czartoryska, Sand\'s daughter Solange, and his close friend Thomas Albrecht. Later that morning, Solange\'s husband Clésinger made Chopin\'s death mask and a cast of his left hand.', ' Some of his friends played on his request; among them, Potocka sang and Franchomme played the cello. Chopin asked that his body be opened after his death (out of fear of being buried alive) and his heart was brought back to Warsaw where it rests at the Sint-Kruiskerk. He also left his incomplete remarks about a piano teaching method, Projet de méthode, with Alkan for completion. On October 17, after midnight, the doctor leaned over him and asked if he was suffering seriously. "No more", he answered. He died a few minutes before two in the morning. According to reports, his sister Ludwika, Princess Marcelina Czartoryska, Sand\'s daughter Solange, and his close friend Thomas Albrecht were present at his deathbed. Later that morning, Clésinger, Solange\'s husband, made Chopin\'s death mask and a cast of his left hand.', 0.98720086, 1)
('On the evening of May 18, CCTV-1 hosted a special four-hour program called The Giving of Love (simplified Chinese: 爱的奉献; traditional Chinese: 愛的奉獻), hosted by regulars from the CCTV New Year\'s Gala and round-the-clock coverage anchor Bai Yansong. It was attended by a wide range of entertainment, literary, business and political figures from mainland China, Hong Kong, Singapore and Taiwan. Donations of the evening totalled 1.5 billion Chinese Yuan (~US$208 million). Of the donations, CCTV gave the biggest corporate contribution at ¥50 million. Almost at the same time in Taiwan, a similarly themed programme was on air hosted by the sitting president Ma Ying-jeou. In June, Hong Kong actor Jackie Chan, who donated $1.57 million to the victims, made a music video alongside other artists entitled "Promise"; the song was composed by Andy Lau. The Artistes 512 Fund Raising Campaign, an 8-hour fundraising marathon, was held on June 1 in Hong Kong; it was attended by some 200 Sinosphere musicians and celebrities. In Singapore, MediaCorp Channel 8 hosted a \'live\' programme 让爱川流不息 to raise funds for the victims.', 'In the evening of May 18, CCTV-1 aired a special four-hour program titled The Giving of Love (simplified Chinese: 爱的奉献; traditional Chinese: 愛的奉獻), hosted by regulars from the CCTV New Years Gala and anchor Bai Yansong. The program attracted a diverse group of attendees, including entertainment, literary, business, and political figures from mainland China, Hong Kong, Singapore, and Taiwan. The total donations for the evening reached 1.5 billion Chinese Yuan (~US$208 million). CCTV made the largest corporate contribution of ¥50 million. Simultaneously, in Taiwan, a program with a similar theme was being broadcasted, hosted by the sitting president Ma Ying-jeou. In June, Hong Kong actor Jackie Chan.', 0.98721445, 1)
('Aonuma had anticipated creating a Zelda game for what would later be called the Wii, but had assumed that he would need to complete Twilight Princess first. His team began work developing a pointing-based interface for the bow and arrow, and Aonuma found that aiming directly at the screen gave the game a new feel, just like the DS control scheme for Phantom Hourglass. Aonuma felt confident this was the only way to proceed, but worried about consumers who had been anticipating a GameCube release. Developing two versions would mean delaying the previously announced 2005 release, still disappointing the consumer. Satoru Iwata felt that having both versions would satisfy users in the end, even though they would have to wait for the finished product. Aonuma then started working on both versions in parallel.[o]', ' Aonuma had planned to develop a Zelda game for what was later named the Wii, but had assumed he first had to finish Twilight Princess. The team began developing a new interface based on motion control for the bow and arrow, and Aonuma felt that shooting directly onto the screen gave the game a new feeling, similar to the DS control for Phantom Hourglass. Aonuma was convinced that this was the only way to proceed, but opposed consumer expectations for a GameCube release. Developing both versions would mean delaying the earlier announced 2005 release, further disappointing consumers. Satoru Iwata felt that both versions would ultimately satisfy users, but they would have to wait for the completed product. Therefore, Aonuma began developing both versions simultaneously.', 0.987233, 1)
('The GameCube and Wii versions feature several minor differences in their controls. The Wii version of the game makes use of the motion sensors and built-in speaker of the Wii Remote. The speaker emits the sounds of a bowstring when shooting an arrow, Midna\'s laugh when she gives advice to Link, and the series\' trademark "chime" when discovering secrets. The player controls Link\'s sword by swinging the Wii Remote. Other attacks are triggered using similar gestures with the Nunchuk. Unique to the GameCube version is the ability for the player to control the camera freely, without entering a special "lookaround" mode required by the Wii; however, in the GameCube version, only two of Link\'s secondary weapons can be equipped at a time, as opposed to four in the Wii version.[g]', ' The GameCube and Wii versions have some small differences in their control. The Wii version of the game uses the motion-sensitive and built-in speaker of the Wii Remote. The speaker provides the sounds of a bow string being drawn when shooting an arrow, Midna\'s laughter during her guidance to Link, and the serious "ping" sound when discovering secrets. The player controls Link\'s sword by waving the Wii Remote. Other attacks are performed using similar gestures with the Nunchuk. Unique to the GameCube version is the fact that the player can freely control the camera, without using the special "lookaround" mode of the Wii; however, in the GameCube version, a maximum of two of Link\'s secondary weapons can be equipped, compared to four in the Wii version.', 0.9872806, 1)
('In November 2014, Sony Pictures Entertainment was targeted by hackers who released details of confidential e-mails between Sony executives regarding several high-profile film projects. Included within these were several memos relating to the production of Spectre, claiming that the film was over budget, detailing early drafts of the script written by John Logan, and expressing Sony\'s frustration with the project. Eon Productions later issued a statement confirming the leak of what they called "an early version of the screenplay".', " In November 2014, Sony Pictures Entertainment was attacked by hackers who revealed details of confidential emails between Sony executives about several high-profile film projects. Among this information were several memos about the production of Spectre. These memos stated that the project was over budget, gave details of early drafts of the script written by John Logan, and expressed Sony's frustration with the project. Eon Productions later confirmed that an early version of the script had been leaked.", 0.9872872, 1)
('In a United States Geological Survey (USGS) study, preliminary rupture models of the earthquake indicated displacement of up to 9 meters along a fault approximately 240 km long by 20 km deep. The earthquake generated deformations of the surface greater than 3 meters and increased the stress (and probability of occurrence of future events) at the northeastern and southwestern ends of the fault. On May 20, USGS seismologist Tom Parsons warned that there is "high risk" of a major M>7 aftershock over the next weeks or months.', 'In a USGS study, preliminary slip models of the earthquake showed displacements of up to 9 meters along a fault about 240 km long and 20 km deep. The earthquake caused surface deformations greater than 3 meters and increased the stress (and probability of occurrence of future events) at the northeastern and southwestern ends of the fault. On May 20, USGS seismologist Tom Parsons warned that there is "high risk" of a major M>7 aftershock in the coming weeks or months.Translation:In a USGS study, preliminary slip models of the earthquake indicated displacements of up to 9 meters along a fault approximately 240 km long and 20 km deep. The earthquake resulted in surface deformations exceeding 3 meters and heightened stress (and the likelihood of future events) at the northeastern and southwestern ends of the fault. On May 20, USGS seismologist Tom Parsons issued a warning that there is a "high risk" for a major M>7 aftershock in the upcoming weeks or months.', 0.98734176, 1)
("Beyoncé's work has influenced numerous artists including Adele, Ariana Grande, Lady Gaga, Bridgit Mendler, Rihanna, Kelly Rowland, Sam Smith, Meghan Trainor, Nicole Scherzinger, Rita Ora, Zendaya, Cheryl Cole, JoJo, Alexis Jordan, Jessica Sanchez, and Azealia Banks. American indie rock band White Rabbits also cited her an inspiration for their third album Milk Famous (2012), friend Gwyneth Paltrow studied Beyoncé at her live concerts while learning to become a musical performer for the 2010 film Country Strong. Nicki Minaj has stated that seeing Beyoncé's Pepsi commercial influenced her decision to appear in the company's 2012 global campaign.", " The influence of Beyoncé's work has been felt by numerous artists, among them Adele, Ariana Grande, Lady Gaga, Bridgit Mendler, Rihanna, Kelly Rowland, Sam Smith, Meghan Trainor, Nicole Scherzinger, Rita Ora, Zendaya, Cheryl Cole, JoJo, Alexis Jordan, Jessica Sanchez and Azealia Banks. American indie rock band White Rabbits named her an inspiration for their third album Milk Famous (2012). Gwyneth Paltrow, her friend, studied her during her live performances while becoming a musical performer for the 2010 film Country Strong. Nicki Minaj stated that Beyoncé's Pepsi commercial influenced her decision to join the company's 2012 global campaign.", 0.98738575, 1)
('When the U.S. entered World War II on December 8, 1941, many Montanans already had enlisted in the military to escape the poor national economy of the previous decade. Another 40,000-plus Montanans entered the armed forces in the first year following the declaration of war, and over 57,000 joined up before the war ended. These numbers constituted about 10 percent of the state\'s total population, and Montana again contributed one of the highest numbers of soldiers per capita of any state. Many Native Americans were among those who served, including soldiers from the Crow Nation who became Code Talkers. At least 1500 Montanans died in the war. Montana also was the training ground for the First Special Service Force or "Devil\'s Brigade," a joint U.S-Canadian commando-style force that trained at Fort William Henry Harrison for experience in mountainous and winter conditions before deployment. Air bases were built in Great Falls, Lewistown, Cut Bank and Glasgow, some of which were used as staging areas to prepare planes to be sent to allied forces in the Soviet Union. During the war, about 30 Japanese balloon bombs were documented to have landed in Montana, though no casualties nor major forest fires were attributed to them.', " When the United States declared war on Germany and Japan on December 8, 1941, numerous Montanans had previously enlisted in the military to evade the dismal national economy of the preceding decade. Approximately 40,000 more Montanans enlisted in the armed forces during the first year following the war declaration, and over 57,000 had joined before the war ended. These figures accounted for approximately 10 percent of the state's total population, making Montana one of the top contributors of soldiers per capita among any state. Many Native Americans were among those who served, including soldiers from the Crow Nation who became Code Talkers. At least 150 of them were recorded.", 0.98739374, 0)
("New York City's food culture includes a variety of international cuisines influenced by the city's immigrant history. Central European and Italian immigrants originally made the city famous for bagels, cheesecake, and New York-style pizza, while Chinese and other Asian restaurants, sandwich joints, trattorias, diners, and coffeehouses have become ubiquitous. Some 4,000 mobile food vendors licensed by the city, many immigrant-owned, have made Middle Eastern foods such as falafel and kebabs popular examples of modern New York street food. The city is also home to nearly one thousand of the finest and most diverse haute cuisine restaurants in the world, according to Michelin. The New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene assigns letter grades to the city's 24,000 restaurants based upon their inspection results.", " New York City's food culture encompasses a range of international cuisines shaped by the city's immigrant history. Central Europeans and Italians put New York on the map for bagels, cheesecake, and New York-style pizza. Chinese and other Asian restaurants, sandwich shops, trattorias, diners, and coffeehouses are now commonplace. Around 4,000 mobile food vendors, many of them immigrant-owned, have popularized Middle Eastern dishes like falafel and kebabs as modern New York street food. The city is home to nearly one thousand of the world's finest and most diverse haute cuisine restaurants, as per Michelin. The New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene grades the city's 24,000 restaurants based on their inspection results.", 0.98740065, 1)
('In 1817 the Saxon Palace was requisitioned by Warsaw\'s Russian governor for military use, and the Warsaw Lyceum was reestablished in the Kazimierz Palace (today the rectorate of Warsaw University). Fryderyk and his family moved to a building, which still survives, adjacent to the Kazimierz Palace. During this period, Fryderyk was sometimes invited to the Belweder Palace as playmate to the son of the ruler of Russian Poland, Grand Duke Constantine; he played the piano for the Duke and composed a march for him. Julian Ursyn Niemcewicz, in his dramatic eclogue, "Nasze Przebiegi" ("Our Discourses", 1818), attested to "little Chopin\'s" popularity.', ' [In 1817, the Saxon Palace was taken from the governor of Warsaw by the Russians for military use, and the Warschau Lyceum was re-established in the Kazimierz Palace (today the rectorate of the University of Warsaw). Fryderyk and his family moved to a building that still exists next to the Kazimierz Palace. During this period, Fryderyk was occasionally invited to the Belweder Palace as a playmate for the son of the ruler over the Polish-Russian territory, Grand Duke Konstantijn; he played piano for the Duke and composed a march for him. Julian Ursyn Niemcewicz, in his dramatic eclogue "Nasze Przebiegi" ("Our Conversations", 1818), testified to the popularity of "little Chopin" among our people].', 0.9874747, 1)
('iPods with color displays use anti-aliased graphics and text, with sliding animations. All iPods (except the 3rd-generation iPod Shuffle, the 6th & 7th generation iPod Nano, and iPod Touch) have five buttons and the later generations have the buttons integrated into the click wheel – an innovation that gives an uncluttered, minimalist interface. The buttons perform basic functions such as menu, play, pause, next track, and previous track. Other operations, such as scrolling through menu items and controlling the volume, are performed by using the click wheel in a rotational manner. The 3rd-generation iPod Shuffle does not have any controls on the actual player; instead it has a small control on the earphone cable, with volume-up and -down buttons and a single button for play and pause, next track, etc. The iPod Touch has no click-wheel; instead it uses a 3.5" touch screen along with a home button, sleep/wake button and (on the second and third generations of the iPod Touch) volume-up and -down buttons. The user interface for the iPod Touch is identical to that of the iPhone. Differences include a lack of a phone application. Both devices use iOS.', ' iPods with color screens use antialiased graphics and text, with smooth animations. All iPods (except for the third-generation iPod Shuffle, the sixth and seventh generation iPod Nano, and iPod Touch) have five buttons and later generations have integrated the buttons into the click wheel – a innovation that gives a clutter-free, minimalistic interface. The buttons perform basic functions such as menu, play, pause, next number and rewind. Other operations, such as scrolling through menu items and volume adjustments, are performed through the click wheel in a rotating motion. The third-generation iPod Shuffle has no control buttons on the device itself; instead, it has a small control panel on the headphone cable, with volume-up and -down buttons and a single play/pause button, next number, etc. The iPod Touch has no click-wheel; instead, it uses a 3.5" touchscreen together with a home button, sleep/wake button and (on the second and third generations of the iPod Touch) volume-up and -down buttons. The user interface for the iPod Touch is identical to that of the iPhone. Differences include the absence of a phone application. Both devices use iOS.', 0.9874817, 1)
('The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome). Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St. Joseph lake from the Main Building. Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St. Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians. Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto. The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner. While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching.', ' The university is the main seat of the Congregation of the Holy Cross (although not its official headquarters, which is in Rome). Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St. Joseph Lake from the Main Building. The oldest building on campus, Old College, is near St. Mary Lake and houses teaching seminarians. Priests and brothers who have retired live in Fatima House (formerly a retreat house), Holy Cross House, and Columba Hall by the Grotto. The university, through the Moreau Seminary, has connections with theologian Frederick Buechner. Although he is not a Catholic, Buechner has taken vows from Notre Dame writers and Moreau Seminary has established a Buechner Prize for Preaching.', 0.9874888, 1)
('The National Disaster Relief Commission initiated a "Level II emergency contingency plan", which covers the most serious class of natural disasters. The plan rose to Level I at 22:15 CST, May 12.', ' The National Disaster Relief Commission activated a "Level II emergency preparedness plan", which covers the most serious class of natural disasters. This plan was at Level I from 22:15 CST, May 12.', 0.98749083, 1)
('At the time of its release, Twilight Princess was considered the greatest entry in the Zelda series by many critics, including writers for 1UP.com, Computer and Video Games, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, GamesRadar, IGN, and The Washington Post. It received several Game of the Year awards, and was the most critically acclaimed game of 2006. In 2011, the Wii version was rereleased under the Nintendo Selects label. A high-definition port for the Wii U, The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess HD, will be released in March 2016.', ' During its release, Twilight Princess was considered by many critics, including writers for 1UP.com, Computer and Video Games, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, GamesRadar, IGN and The Washington Post, to be the best entry in the Zelda series. It received several Game of the Year awards, and was the most critically acclaimed game of 2006. In 2011, the Wii version was re-released under the Nintendo Selects label. A high-definition port for the Wii U, The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess HD, will be released in March 2016.', 0.98749703, 1)
('When one Republican presidential candidate for the 2016 election ridiculed the liberalism of "New York values" in January 2016, Donald Trump, leading in the polls, vigorously defended his city. The National Review, a conservative magazine published in the city since its founding by William F. Buckley, Jr. in 1955, commented, "By hearkening back to New York\'s heart after 9/11, for a moment Trump transcended politics. How easily we forget, but for weeks after the terror attacks, New York was America."', ' When one Republican presidential candidate for the 2016 election mocked the liberalism of "New York values" in January 2016, Donald Trump, who was leading in the polls, vigorously defended his city. The National Review, a conservative magazine published in the city since its founding by William F. Buckley, Jr. in 1955, commented, "By hearkening back to New York\'s heart after 9/11, for a moment Trump transcended politics. We easily forget, but for weeks after the terror attacks, New York was America."Translation: One Republican presidential candidate for the 2016 election mocked the liberalism of "New York values" in January 2016. Donald Trump, who was leading in the polls, defended his city vigorously. The National Review, a conservative magazine published in the city since 1955, commented, "Trump transcended politics by reminiscing about New York\'s heart after 9/11. New York was America for weeks following the terror attacks, a fact we often forget."', 0.9875458, 1)
('The armed forces have three branches: Navy, Army and Air Force. They serve primarily as a self-defense force whose mission is to protect the territorial integrity of the country and provide humanitarian assistance and security at home and abroad. As of 2008, the three branches numbered 39,200 active personnel including 7,500 women. Portuguese military expenditure in 2009 was $5.2 billion, representing 2.1 percent of GDP. Military conscription was abolished in 2004. The minimum age for voluntary recruitment is 18 years.', ' The armed forces have three branches: Navy, Army and Air Force. They serve primarily as a self-defense force, whose mission is to protect the territorial integrity of the country and provide humanitarian assistance and security at home and abroad. As of 2008, the three branches numbered 39,200 active personnel, including 7,500 women. Portuguese military expenditure in 2009 was $5.2 billion, representing 2.1 percent of GDP. Military conscription was abolished in 2004. The minimum age for voluntary recruitment is 18 years.In Dutch: De krijgsmacht heeft drie takken: Marine, Leger en Luchtmacht. Zij dienen voornamelijk als verdedigingskracht, wier missie is het territoriale integriteit van het land te beschermen en humanitair hulp en veiligheid thuis en in het buitenland te bieden. Tot 2008 telden de drie takken 39.200 actieve militairen, waarvan 7.500 vrouwen. Het militaire begroting in Portugal in 2009 bedroeg $5,2 miljard, wat 2,1% van het BBP uitmaakte. Het legerdienst werd in 2004 afgeschaft. Het minimum leeftijd voor vrijwillige rekrutering is 18 jaar.', 0.98755276, 0)
("The city's total area is 468.9 square miles (1,214 km2). 164.1 sq mi (425 km2) of this is water and 304.8 sq mi (789 km2) is land. The highest point in the city is Todt Hill on Staten Island, which, at 409.8 feet (124.9 m) above sea level, is the highest point on the Eastern Seaboard south of Maine. The summit of the ridge is mostly covered in woodlands as part of the Staten Island Greenbelt.", ' The total area of the city is 468.9 square miles (1,214 km2). 164.1 square miles (425 km2) of this are water and 304.8 square miles (789 km2) is land. The highest point in the city is Todt Hill on Staten Island, which is 409.8 feet (124.9 m) above sea level. The highest point is located along the East Coast, south of Maine. The summit of the hill is mainly covered with forests as part of the Staten Island Greenbelt.', 0.9876025, 1)
('Urban anthropology is concerned with issues of urbanization, poverty, and neoliberalism. Ulf Hannerz quotes a 1960s remark that traditional anthropologists were "a notoriously agoraphobic lot, anti-urban by definition". Various social processes in the Western World as well as in the "Third World" (the latter being the habitual focus of attention of anthropologists) brought the attention of "specialists in \'other cultures\'" closer to their homes. There are two principle approaches in urban anthropology: by examining the types of cities or examining the social issues within the cities. These two methods are overlapping and dependent of each other. By defining different types of cities, one would use social factors as well as economic and political factors to categorize the cities. By directly looking at the different social issues, one would also be studying how they affect the dynamic of the city.', 'Urban anthropology addresses themes of urbanization, poverty, and neoliberalism. Ulf Hannerz cites a comment from the 1960s that traditional anthropologists were "notoriously agoraphobic lot, anti-urban by definition." Various social processes in the Western World, as well as in the "Third World," brought the focus of "experts in other cultures" nearer to their homes. There are two primary approaches in urban anthropology: by studying the kinds of cities or by examining the social issues within the cities. These two methods overlap and depend on each other. By categorizing cities based on social, economic, and political factors, one would define different types of cities. By directly observing the various social issues, one would also be examining how they influence the city\'s dynamics.', 0.98768044, 1)
('The first sulfonamide and first commercially available antibacterial, Prontosil, was developed by a research team led by Gerhard Domagk in 1932 at the Bayer Laboratories of the IG Farben conglomerate in Germany. Domagk received the 1939 Nobel Prize for Medicine for his efforts. Prontosil had a relatively broad effect against Gram-positive cocci, but not against enterobacteria. Research was stimulated apace by its success. The discovery and development of this sulfonamide drug opened the era of antibacterials.', ' The first sulfonamide and the first commercially available antibacterial drug, Prontosil, was developed by a research team led by Gerhard Domagk at the Bayer Laboratories of the IG Farben-conglomerate in Germany in 1932. Domagk received the Nobel Prize in Medicine in 1939 for his efforts. Prontosil had a relatively broad effect against Gram-positive cocci, but not against enterobacteria. The discovery and development of this sulfonamide medicine marked the beginning of the antibacterial era.', 0.9876827, 1)
("Many sports are associated with New York's immigrant communities. Stickball, a street version of baseball, was popularized by youths in the 1930s, and a street in the Bronx was renamed Stickball Boulevard in the late 2000s to memorialize this.", " Many sports are linked to New York's immigrant communities. Stickball, a street variation of baseball, gained popularity among youths in the 1930s. In the late 2000s, a street in the Bronx was renamed Stickball Boulevard to honor this.", 0.9877136, 1)
('In the United States, heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) systems account for 30% (4.65 EJ/yr) of the energy used in commercial buildings and nearly 50% (10.1 EJ/yr) of the energy used in residential buildings. Solar heating, cooling and ventilation technologies can be used to offset a portion of this energy.', ' In the United States, HVAC-systems (heating, ventilation and air conditioning) account for approximately 30% (4.65 EJ/year) of the energy used in commercial buildings and approximately 50% (10.1 EJ/year) in residential buildings. Solar heating, cooling and ventilation technologies can be used to compensate for a part of this energy. (Note: EJ stands for Exajoule, a unit of energy)', 0.98776644, 1)
('Genocide has become an official term used in international relations. The word genocide was not in use before 1944. Before this, in 1941, Winston Churchill described the mass killing of Russian prisoners of war and civilians as "a crime without a name". In that year, a Polish-Jewish lawyer named Raphael Lemkin, described the policies of systematic murder founded by the Nazis as genocide. The word genocide is the combination of the Greek prefix geno- (meaning tribe or race) and caedere (the Latin word for to kill). The word is defined as a specific set of violent crimes that are committed against a certain group with the attempt to remove the entire group from existence or to destroy them.', ' The concept of genocide is a term used in international relations. The word genocide was not in use before 1944. In that year, in 1941, Winston Churchill described the mass murder of Russian prisoners of war and civilians as "a crime without a name". In that year, a Polish-Jewish lawyer named Raphael Lemkin described the Nazi political policy of systematic murder as genocide. The word genocide is composed of the Greek prefix geno- (meaning people or race) and caedere (the Latin word for killing). It is defined as a specific set of violent crimes committed against a specific group with the intention of destroying or exterminating the entire group.Note: In English, the prefix "geno-" is written as "geno-" and the suffix "-caedere" is written as "-caedere" (without a hyphen). The English word for "crime" is "crime" and the phrase "without a name" is "without a name". The English word for "defined" is "defined".', 0.98788965, 1)
('Thermal mass systems can store solar energy in the form of heat at domestically useful temperatures for daily or interseasonal durations. Thermal storage systems generally use readily available materials with high specific heat capacities such as water, earth and stone. Well-designed systems can lower peak demand, shift time-of-use to off-peak hours and reduce overall heating and cooling requirements.', ' Thermal mass systems can store solar energy in the form of heat at domestically useful temperatures for daily or interseasonal durations. Thermal storage systems generally use readily available materials with high specific heat capacities such as water, earth and stone. Well-designed systems can lower peak demand, shift time-of-use to off-peak hours and reduce overall heating and cooling requirements.Thermal mass systems can store solar energy as heat for domestic use over daily or interseasonal periods. These systems typically employ common materials with high specific heat capacities, such as water, earth, and stone. Effectively designed systems can decrease peak demand, move the usage to off-peak hours, and lessen overall heating and cooling needs.', 0.9879015, 1)
("Some scholars note that Tibetan leaders during the Ming frequently engaged in civil war and conducted their own foreign diplomacy with neighboring states such as Nepal. Some scholars underscore the commercial aspect of the Ming-Tibetan relationship, noting the Ming dynasty's shortage of horses for warfare and thus the importance of the horse trade with Tibet. Others argue that the significant religious nature of the relationship of the Ming court with Tibetan lamas is underrepresented in modern scholarship. In hopes of reviving the unique relationship of the earlier Mongol leader Kublai Khan (r. 1260–1294) and his spiritual superior Drogön Chögyal Phagpa (1235–1280) of the Sakya school of Tibetan Buddhism, the Yongle Emperor (r. 1402–1424) made a concerted effort to build a secular and religious alliance with Deshin Shekpa (1384–1415), the Karmapa of the Karma Kagyu school. However, the Yongle Emperor's attempts were unsuccessful.", "Some scholars observe that Tibetan rulers during the Ming dynasty frequently engaged in civil wars and conducted their own diplomacy with neighboring states like Nepal. Some scholars focus on the commercial aspect of the Ming-Tibetan relationship, highlighting the Ming dynasty's shortage of horses for warfare and the importance of the horse trade with Tibet. Others contend that the religious significance of the relationship between the Ming court and Tibetan lamas is undervalued in modern research. In an attempt to revive the distinctive relationship between the earlier Mongol ruler Kublai Khan (r. 1260–1294) and his spiritual mentor Drogön Chögyal Phagpa (1235–1280) of the Sakya school of Tibetan Buddhism, the Yongle Emperor (r. 1402–1424) endeavored to forge a secular and religious alliance with Deshin Shekpa (1384–1415), the Karmapa of the Karma Kagyu school. However, the Yongle Emperor's efforts were unsuccessful.", 0.9879134, 1)
('Darwin and Wallace unveiled evolution in the late 1850s. There was an immediate rush to bring it into the social sciences. Paul Broca in Paris was in the process of breaking away from the Société de biologie to form the first of the explicitly anthropological societies, the Société d\'Anthropologie de Paris, meeting for the first time in Paris in 1859.[n 4] When he read Darwin he became an immediate convert to Transformisme, as the French called evolutionism. His definition now became "the study of the human group, considered as a whole, in its details, and in relation to the rest of nature".', 'Darwin and Wallace revealed evolution in the late 1850s. There was an immediate surge of efforts to bring it to the social sciences. In Paris, Paul Broca was in the process of splitting off from the Société de biologie to establish the first explicitly anthropological society, the Société d\'Anthropologie de Paris, which first convened in Paris in 1859. [n 4] When he read Darwin, he became an immediate convert to Transformisme, as the French called evolutionism. His definition now became "the study of the human group as a whole, in its details, and in relation to the rest of nature".Note: In this translation, I assumed that "Transformisme" is a term specific to the context of French evolutionism in the 19th century. I have translated it as "evolutionism" in English.', 0.98799545, 1)
("Although this period had been productive, the bad weather had such a detrimental effect on Chopin's health that Sand determined to leave the island. To avoid further customs duties, Sand sold the piano to a local French couple, the Canuts.[n 8] The group traveled first to Barcelona, then to Marseilles, where they stayed for a few months while Chopin convalesced. In May 1839 they headed for the summer to Sand's estate at Nohant, where they spent most summers until 1846. In autumn they returned to Paris, where Chopin's apartment at 5 rue Tronchet was close to Sand's rented accommodation at the rue Pigalle. He frequently visited Sand in the evenings, but both retained some independence. In 1842 he and Sand moved to the Square d'Orléans, living in adjacent buildings.", " Although this period had been productive, the bad alarm clock had such a harmful effect on Chopin's health that Sand decided to leave the island. To prevent further customs reports, Sand sold the piano to a local French couple, the Canuts. [n 8] They then traveled to Barcelona and stayed there for several months, where Chopin recovered. In May 1839, they went to Sand's summer residence on Nohant, where they spent most summers until 1846. In the fall, they returned to Paris, where Chopin's apartment at 5 rue Tronchet was not far from Sand's rental at rue Pigalle. He visited her regularly in the evenings, but both maintained a certain independence. In 1842, they moved to Place d'Orléans, living in adjacent buildings.", 0.9879977, 0)
('As a result of the change in its status and the arrival of the Portuguese royal family, Brazilian administrative, civic, economical, military, educational, and scientific apparatus were expanded and highly modernized. Portuguese and their allied British troops fought against the French Invasion of Portugal and by 1815 the situation in Europe had cooled down sufficiently that João VI would have been able to return safely to Lisbon. However, the King of Portugal remained in Brazil until the Liberal Revolution of 1820, which started in Porto, demanded his return to Lisbon in 1821.', ' Due to the change in its status and the arrival of the Portuguese royal family, the Brazilian administrative apparatus, civic life, economy, military, education, and science were expanded and highly modernized. Portuguese and their allied British troops fought against the French Invasion of Portugal and by 1815 the situation in Europe had calmed down sufficiently that João VI could return safely to Lisbon. However, the King of Portugal remained in Brazil until the Liberal Revolution of 1820, which started in Porto, demanded his return to Lisbon in 1821.', 0.9880716, 1)
('The Occupy Wall Street protests in Zuccotti Park in the Financial District of Lower Manhattan began on September 17, 2011, receiving global attention and spawning the Occupy movement against social and economic inequality worldwide.', ' The Occupy Wall Street protests in Zuccotti Park, located in the Financial District of Lower Manhattan, began on September 17, 2011. These protests gained global attention and sparked the Occupy movement, which protests against social and economic inequality on a global scale.', 0.988132, 1)
('Rescue efforts performed by the Chinese government were praised by western media, especially in comparison with Myanmar\'s blockage of foreign aid during Cyclone Nargis, as well as China\'s previous performance during the 1976 Tangshan earthquake. China\'s openness during the media coverage of the Sichuan earthquake led a professor at the Peking University to say, “This is the first time [that] the Chinese media has lived up to international standards”. Los Angeles Times praised China\'s media coverage of the quake of being "democratic".', 'Rescue efforts by the Chinese government were lauded by western media, with particular emphasis in contrast to Myanmar\'s blocking of foreign aid during Cyclone Nargis, as well as China\'s previous performance during the 1976 Tangshan earthquake. China\'s openness during the media coverage of the Sichuan earthquake led a professor at Peking University to remark, "This is the first time [that] the Chinese media has met international standards." The Los Angeles Times commended China\'s media coverage of the quake as "democratic."', 0.9881339, 1)
("Portugal has considerable resources of wind and river power, the two most cost-effective renewable sources. Since the turn of the 21st century, there has been a trend towards the development of a renewable resource industry and reduction of both consumption and use of fossil fuel resources. In 2006, the world's largest solar power plant at that date, the Moura Photovoltaic Power Station, began operating near Moura, in the south, while the world's first commercial wave power farm, the Aguçadoura Wave Farm, opened in the Norte region (2008). By the end of 2006, 66% of the country's electrical production was from coal and fuel power plants, while 29% were derived from hydroelectric dams, and 6% by wind energy.", " Portugal has significant means in wind and hydro power, the two most cost-effective renewable resources. Since the turn of the 21st century, there has been a trend towards the development of renewable energy industries and the reduction of both consumption and use of fossil fuel resources. In 2006, the world's largest solar electricity plant, the Moura Solar Electricity Plant, began operating near Moura in the south, while the first commercial wave factory, the Aguçadoura Wave Factory, opened in the Norte region (2008). By the end of 2006, 66% of the country's electricity production came from coal- and fuel-fired power plants, while 29% came from hydroelectric dams, and 6% came from wind energy.", 0.9881833, 1)
('Cognitive anthropology seeks to explain patterns of shared knowledge, cultural innovation, and transmission over time and space using the methods and theories of the cognitive sciences (especially experimental psychology and evolutionary biology) often through close collaboration with historians, ethnographers, archaeologists, linguists, musicologists and other specialists engaged in the description and interpretation of cultural forms. Cognitive anthropology is concerned with what people from different groups know and how that implicit knowledge changes the way people perceive and relate to the world around them.', ' Cognitive anthropology explores the explanation of patterns of shared knowledge, cultural innovation and transmission over time and space using the methods and theories of cognitive sciences, particularly experimental psychology and evolutionary biology. It often collaborates closely with historians, ethnographers, archaeologists, linguists and other specialists involved in the description and interpretation of cultural forms. Cognitive anthropology focuses on what people from different groups know and how implicit knowledge alters the way people perceive and relate to the world around them.', 0.9882434, 1)
('Chopin\'s successes as a composer and performer opened the door to western Europe for him, and on 2 November 1830, he set out, in the words of Zdzisław Jachimecki, "into the wide world, with no very clearly defined aim, forever." With Woyciechowski, he headed for Austria, intending to go on to Italy. Later that month, in Warsaw, the November 1830 Uprising broke out, and Woyciechowski returned to Poland to enlist. Chopin, now alone in Vienna, was nostalgic for his homeland, and wrote to a friend, "I curse the moment of my departure." When in September 1831 he learned, while travelling from Vienna to Paris, that the uprising had been crushed, he expressed his anguish in the pages of his private journal: "Oh God! ... You are there, and yet you do not take vengeance!" Jachimecki ascribes to these events the composer\'s maturing "into an inspired national bard who intuited the past, present and future of his native Poland."', ' Chopin\'s success as a composer and performer opened the door to the western European world for him, and on November 2, 1830, according to Zdzisław Jachimecki, "he stepped out into the wide world, without a clear goal, forever." With Woyciechowski, he traveled to Austria, with the intention of going further to Italy. At the end of November that year, the November Uprising broke out in Warsaw, and Woyciechowski returned to Poland to report. Chopin, now alone in Vienna, was nostalgic for his homeland, and wrote to a friend: "I curse the moment of my departure." When in September 1831 it became known in Paris that the uprising had been put down, he expressed his fear in the pages of his private diary: "Oh God! ... You sit there, and yet take your revenge not!" According to Jachimecki, these events developed the composer into an inspired national bard who felt the past, present, and future of his birthplace.', 0.98826176, 1)
('The Columbia Encyclopedia distinguishes between the Yuan dynasty and the other Mongol Empire khanates of Ilkhanate, Chagatai Khanate and the Golden Horde. It describes the Yuan dynasty as "A Mongol dynasty of China that ruled from 1271 to 1368, and a division of the great empire conquered by the Mongols. Founded by Kublai Khan, who adopted the Chinese dynastic name of Yüan in 1271." The Encyclopedia Americana describes the Yuan dynasty as "the line of Mongol rulers in China" and adds that the Mongols "proclaimed a Chinese-style Yüan dynasty at Khanbaliq (Beijing)." The Metropolitan Museum of Art writes that the Mongol rulers of the Yuan dynasty "adopted Chinese political and cultural models; ruling from their capitals in Dadu, they assumed the role of Chinese emperors," although Tibetologist Thomas Laird dismissed the Yuan dynasty as a non-Chinese polity and plays down its Chinese characteristics. The Metropolitan Museum of Art also noted that in spite of the gradual assimilation of Yuan monarchs, the Mongol rulers largely ignored the literati and imposed harsh policies discriminating against southern Chinese. In his Kublai Khan: His Life and Times, Rossabi explains that Kublai "created government institutions that either resembled or were the same as the traditional Chinese ones", and he "wished to signal to the Chinese that he intended to adopt the trappings and style of a Chinese ruler".', ' The Columbia Encyclopedia distinguishes between the Yuan-dynasty and other Mongol kingdoms, namely Ilkhanate, Chagatai-khanate, and the Golden Horde. It describes the Yuan-dynasty as "a Mongolian dynasty in China that ruled from 1271 to 1368 and was a division of the great empire that was conquered by the Mongols." It was founded by Kublai Khan, who adopted the Chinese imperial name Yuan in 1271. The American Encyclopedia describes the Yuan-dynasty as "the line of Mongol rulers in China" and adds that the Mongols "proclaimed a Chinese-style Yuan-dynasty in Khanbaliq (Peking)." The Metropolitan Museum of Art writes that the Mongol rulers of the Yuan-dynasty "adopted Chinese political and cultural models; they governed from their capitals in Dadu and assumed the role of Chinese emperors," although Tibetan scholar Thomas Laird considers the Yuan-dynasty a non-Chinese political entity and its Chinese characteristics diminished. The Metropolitan Museum of Art notes that despite the gradual assimilation of Yuan monarchs, the Mongol rulers deposed scholars in large numbers and adopted strict policies against southern Chinese. In his Kublai Khan: His Life and Times, Rossabi writes that Kublai "created administrative institutions that corresponded with or were the same as traditional Chinese units" and that he "wanted to show the Chinese that he would adopt the procedures and style of a Chinese ruler."', 0.9882658, 1)
('The 2008 Sichuan earthquake or the Great Sichuan earthquake, measured at 8.0 Ms and 7.9 Mw, and occurred at 02:28:01 PM China Standard Time at epicenter (06:28:01 UTC) on May 12 in Sichuan province, killed 69,197 people and left 18,222 missing.', ' The 2008 Sichuan earthquake, also known as the Great Sichuan earthquake, measured at 8.0 Ms and 7.9 Mw, occurred at 2:28:01 PM China Standard Time (6:28:01 UTC) on May 12 in Sichuan province. It resulted in the deaths of 69,197 people and left 18,222 missing.', 0.98826903, 1)
('Beyoncé announced a hiatus from her music career in January 2010, heeding her mother\'s advice, "to live life, to be inspired by things again". During the break she and her father parted ways as business partners. Beyoncé\'s musical break lasted nine months and saw her visit multiple European cities, the Great Wall of China, the Egyptian pyramids, Australia, English music festivals and various museums and ballet performances.', ' Beyoncé announced a break in her music career in January 2010, following her mother\'s advice, "to experience life, get inspired again." During the break, they separated as business partners. Beyoncé\'s music hiatus lasted nine months and took her to various European cities, the Great Wall of China, Egyptian pyramids, Australia, English music festivals, and several museums and ballet performances.', 0.9882705, 1)
('Sonam Gyatso, after being granted the grandiose title by Altan Khan, departed for Tibet. Before he left, he sent a letter and gifts to the Ming Chinese official Zhang Juzheng (1525–1582), which arrived on March 12, 1579. Sometime in August or September of that year, Sonam Gyatso\'s representative stationed with Altan Khan received a return letter and gift from the Wanli Emperor (r. 1572–1620), who also conferred upon Sonam Gyatso a title; this was the first official contact between a Dalai Lama and a government of China. However, Laird states that when Wanli invited him to Beijing, the Dalai Lama declined the offer due to a prior commitment, even though he was only 400 km (250 mi) from Beijing. Laird adds that "the power of the Ming emperor did not reach very far at the time." Although not recorded in any official Chinese records, Sonam Gyatso\'s biography states that Wanli again conferred titles on Sonam Gyatso in 1588, and invited him to Beijing for a second time, but Sonam Gyatso was unable to visit China as he died the same year in Mongolia working with Altan Khan\'s son to further the spread of Buddhism.', ' Sonam Gyatso, after receiving a magnificent title from Altan Khan, departed for Tibet. Before leaving, he sent a letter and gifts to the Ming-Chinese officer Zhang Juzheng (1525-1582), who arrived on March 12, 1579. In August or September of that year, the representative of Sonam Gyatso, who was staying with Altan Khan, received a return letter and gift from the Wanli-Emperor (r. 1572-1620), who also granted a title to Sonam Gyatso; this was the first official contact between a Dalai Lama and the Chinese government. However, according to Laird, the Dalai Lama refused Wanli\'s invitation to come to Beijing, as he had a previous commitment, despite being only 400 km (250 mi) from Beijing. Laird adds that "the power of the Ming emperor then did not reach very far." Although this is not mentioned in any official Chinese records, the biography of Sonam Gyatso states that in 1588, Wanli granted Sonam Gyatso more titles and invited him to Beijing for the second time, but Sonam Gyatso could not visit China that year as he had died in Mongolia, along with Altan Khan\'s son, to spread Buddhism further.', 0.9882975, 1)
('Wang and Nyima argue that the Ming emperor sent edicts to Tibet twice in the second year of the Ming dynasty, and demonstrated that he viewed Tibet as a significant region to pacify by urging various Tibetan tribes to submit to the authority of the Ming court. They note that at the same time, the Mongol Prince Punala, who had inherited his position as ruler of areas of Tibet, went to Nanjing in 1371 to pay tribute and show his allegiance to the Ming court, bringing with him the seal of authority issued by the Yuan court. They also state that since successors of lamas granted the title of "prince" had to travel to the Ming court to renew this title, and since lamas called themselves princes, the Ming court therefore had "full sovereignty over Tibet." They state that the Ming dynasty, by issuing imperial edicts to invite ex-Yuan officials to the court for official positions in the early years of its founding, won submission from ex-Yuan religious and administrative leaders in the Tibetan areas, and thereby incorporated Tibetan areas into the rule of the Ming court. Thus, they conclude, the Ming court won the power to rule Tibetan areas formerly under the rule of the Yuan dynasty.', 'Wang and Nyima mention that the Ming emperor issued edicts to Tibet twice in the second year of the Ming dynasty. These edicts demonstrated the emperor\'s intention to pacify Tibet by encouraging various Tibetan tribes to acknowledge the authority of the Ming court. The Mongol Prince Punala, who had assumed rule over certain Tibetan regions, visited Nanjing in 1371 to pay tribute and express loyalty to the Ming court, bringing with him the seal of authority bestowed by the Yuan court. The successors of lamas who were granted the title of "prince" were required to travel to the Ming court to renew this title. Since lamas referred to themselves as princes, the Ming court thus held "sovereignty over Tibet." The Ming dynasty gained submission from ex-Yuan religious and administrative leaders in the Tibetan regions through inviting them to the court for official positions during the early years of its establishment. Consequently, the Ming court acquired the power to govern the Tibetan areas that had previously been under the jurisdiction of the Yuan dynasty.', 0.98831797, 1)
('There are seven state parks within the confines of New York City, including Clay Pit Ponds State Park Preserve, a natural area which includes extensive riding trails, and Riverbank State Park, a 28-acre (110,000 m2) facility that rises 69 feet (21 m) over the Hudson River.', ' There are seven state parks within the boundaries of New York City. One of them is Clay Pit Ponds State Park Preserve, a natural area featuring extensive riding trails. Another one is Riverbank State Park, a 28-acre (110,000 m2) facility rising 69 feet (21 m) over the Hudson River.', 0.98835415, 1)
('Under Territorial Governor Thomas Meagher, Montanans held a constitutional convention in 1866 in a failed bid for statehood. A second constitutional convention was held in Helena in 1884 that produced a constitution ratified 3:1 by Montana citizens in November 1884. For political reasons, Congress did not approve Montana statehood until 1889. Congress approved Montana statehood in February 1889 and President Grover Cleveland signed an omnibus bill granting statehood to Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota and Washington once the appropriate state constitutions were crafted. In July 1889, Montanans convened their third constitutional convention and produced a constitution acceptable by the people and the federal government. On November 8, 1889 President Benjamin Harrison proclaimed Montana the forty-first state in the union. The first state governor was Joseph K. Toole. In the 1880s, Helena (the current state capital) had more millionaires per capita than any other United States city.', " At Territorial Governor Thomas Meagher, Montanans held a constitutional convention in 1866 in an unsuccessful attempt to join the Union. A second constitutional convention took place in Helena in 1884, which produced a constitution that was ratified by 3:1 of Montana citizens in November 1884. Congress approved Montana's admission only for political reasons in 1889. Congress approved Montana's admission in February 1889, and President Grover Cleveland signed an omnibus bill that allowed Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Washington to join the Union once the appropriate state constitutions were made. In July 1889, Montanans held their third constitutional convention and produced a constitution acceptable to both the people and the federal government. On November 8, 1889, President Benjamin Harrison proclaimed Montana as the forty-first state in the Union. The first state governor was Joseph K. Toole. In the 1880s, Helena (current capital city) had more millionaires per capita than any other American city.", 0.9883584, 1)
('The State Council declared a three-day period of national mourning for the quake victims starting from May 19, 2008; the PRC\'s National Flag and Regional Flags of Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions flown at half mast. It was the first time that a national mourning period had been declared for something other than the death of a state leader, and many have called it the biggest display of mourning since the death of Mao Zedong. At 14:28 CST on May 19, 2008, a week after the earthquake, the Chinese public held a moment of silence. People stood silent for three minutes while air defense, police and fire sirens, and the horns of vehicles, vessels and trains sounded. Cars and trucks on Beijing\'s roads also came to a halt. People spontaneously burst into cheering "Zhongguo jiayou!" (Let\'s go, China!) and "Sichuan jiayou" (Let\'s go, Sichuan!) afterwards.', ' The State Council declared a three-day period of national mourning on May 19, 2008 for the victims of the earthquake. The flags of the People\'s Republic of China and the regional flags of Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions were lowered to half-mast. It was the first time a national mourning period had been announced for anything other than the death of a head of state, and many people called it the greatest expression of grief since the death of Mao Zedong. At 14:28 CST on May 19, 2008, a week after the earthquake, the Chinese population observed a moment of silence. People stood still for three minutes while air raid sirens, police and fire department sirens, and the bells of cars, ships, and trains rang out. Cars and trucks on the roads of Beijing came to a halt. People spontaneously burst into applause "Zhongguo jiayou!" (Go on, China!) and "Sichuan jiayou" (Go on, Sichuan!).', 0.988418, 1)
('Described as being "sexy, seductive and provocative" when performing on stage, Beyoncé has said that she originally created the alter ego "Sasha Fierce" to keep that stage persona separate from who she really is. She described Sasha as being "too aggressive, too strong, too sassy [and] too sexy", stating, "I\'m not like her in real life at all." Sasha was conceived during the making of "Crazy in Love", and Beyoncé introduced her with the release of her 2008 album I Am... Sasha Fierce. In February 2010, she announced in an interview with Allure magazine that she was comfortable enough with herself to no longer need Sasha Fierce. However, Beyoncé announced in May 2012 that she would bring her back for her Revel Presents: Beyoncé Live shows later that month.', ' Described as being "sexy, seductive and provocative" on stage, Beyoncé created the alter ego "Sasha Fierce" to keep her stage persona separate from who she really is. She described Sasha as being "too aggressive, too strong, too sassy [and] too sexy", stating, "I\'m not like her in real life at all." Sasha was conceived during the making of "Crazy in Love", and Beyoncé introduced her with the release of her 2008 album I Am... Sasha Fierce. In February 2010, she said in an interview with Allure magazine that she was comfortable enough with herself to no longer need Sasha Fierce. However, Beyoncé announced in May 2012 that she would bring her back for her Revel Presents: Beyoncé Live shows later that month.', 0.98842263, 1)
('Chopin took the new salon genre of the nocturne, invented by the Irish composer John Field, to a deeper level of sophistication. He was the first to write ballades and scherzi as individual concert pieces. He essentially established a new genre with his own set of free-standing preludes (Op. 28, published 1839). He exploited the poetic potential of the concept of the concert étude, already being developed in the 1820s and 1830s by Liszt, Clementi and Moscheles, in his two sets of studies (Op. 10 published in 1833, Op. 25 in 1837).', ' Chopin adopted the new genre of the nocturne, invented by the Irish composer John Field, on a deeper level of sophistication. He was the first to write waltzes and scherzos as individual concert pieces. He essentially founded a new genre with his own set of free-standing preludes (Op. 28, published in 1839). He unlocked the poetic potential of the concept of the concert étude, developed in the 1820s and 1830s by Liszt, Clementi and Moscheles, in his two sets of studies (Op. 10, published in 1833, Op. 25 in 1837).', 0.98847395, 1)
('The early history of Portugal is shared with the rest of the Iberian Peninsula located in South Western Europe. The name of Portugal derives from the joined Romano-Celtic name Portus Cale. The region was settled by Pre-Celts and Celts, giving origin to peoples like the Gallaeci, Lusitanians, Celtici and Cynetes, visited by Phoenicians and Carthaginians, incorporated in the Roman Republic dominions as Lusitania and part of Gallaecia, after 45 BC until 298 AD, settled again by Suebi, Buri, and Visigoths, and conquered by Moors. Other influences include some 5th-century vestiges of Alan settlement, which were found in Alenquer (old Germanic Alankerk, from Alan+kerk; meaning church of the Alan (people), Coimbra and Lisbon.', ' The early history of Portugal is shared with the rest of the Iberian Peninsula, located in South-West Europe. The name Portugal originates from the merged Romano-Celtic name Portus Cale. The area was inhabited by Pre-Celts and Celts, from which populations emerged such as the Gallaeci, Lusitanians, Celtici and Cynetes, visited by Phoenicians and Carthaginians, annexed to the Roman Republic as territories such as Lusitania and part of Gallaecia, from 45 BC to 298 AD, again inhabited by Suebi, Vandals and Visigoths, and conquered by Moors. Other influences are traces of 5th-century Alan settlements, which have been found in Alenquer (old Germanic Alankerk, from Alan+church; meaning church of the Alans (people)), Coimbra and Lisbon).', 0.98850507, 1)
('Tom Robinson is the chief example among several innocents destroyed carelessly or deliberately throughout the novel. However, scholar Christopher Metress connects the mockingbird to Boo Radley: "Instead of wanting to exploit Boo for her own fun (as she does in the beginning of the novel by putting on gothic plays about his history), Scout comes to see him as a \'mockingbird\'—that is, as someone with an inner goodness that must be cherished." The last pages of the book illustrate this as Scout relates the moral of a story Atticus has been reading to her, and in allusions to both Boo Radley and Tom Robinson states about a character who was misunderstood, "when they finally saw him, why he hadn\'t done any of those things ... Atticus, he was real nice," to which he responds, "Most people are, Scout, when you finally see them."', 'Tom Robinson is the main example among several innocents who are carelessly or deliberately destroyed in the novel. Scholar Christopher Metress connects the recluse, Boo Radley, to him: "Instead of wanting to exploit Boo for her own amusement (as she does at the beginning of the novel by putting on gothic plays about his history), Scout comes to see him as a mockingbird – that is, as someone with an inner goodness that must be cherished." The last pages of the book illustrate this as Scout tells the moral of a story Atticus has been reading to her, and in references to both Boo Radley and Tom Robinson about a character who was misunderstood, "when they finally saw him, why he hadn\'t done any of those things ... Atticus, he was really nice," to which he replies, "Most people are, Scout, when you finally see them."', 0.98854136, 1)
('Reginald DesRoches, a professor of civil and environmental engineering at Georgia Tech, pointed out that the massive damage of properties and houses in the earthquake area was because China did not create an adequate seismic design code until after the devastating 1976 Tangshan earthquake. DesRoches said: "If the buildings were older and built prior to that 1976 earthquake, chances are they weren\'t built for adequate earthquake forces."', ' Reginald DesRoches, professor of civil and environmental engineering at Georgia Tech, stated that the extensive damage to properties and houses in the earthquake area was due to China not creating an adequate seismic design code until after the devastating 1976 Tangshan earthquake. DesRoches mentioned that if the buildings were older and built prior to that earthquake, they likely had not been designed for sufficient earthquake forces.', 0.98854643, 1)
("In four months, Aonuma's team managed to present realistic horseback riding,[l] which Nintendo later revealed to the public with a trailer at Electronic Entertainment Expo 2004. The game was scheduled to be released the next year, and was no longer a follow-up to The Wind Waker; a true sequel to it was released for the Nintendo DS in 2007, in the form of Phantom Hourglass. Miyamoto explained in interviews that the graphical style was chosen to satisfy demand, and that it better fit the theme of an older incarnation of Link. The game runs on a modified The Wind Waker engine.", ' In four months, Aonumas team created a realistic horseback riding feature for the game, which Nintendo later showcased to the public through a trailer at Electronic Entertainment Expo 2004. The game was initially set to be released the following year, but it was no longer a sequel to The Wind Waker; instead, a true sequel to it was released for the Nintendo DS in 2007, titled Phantom Hourglass. Miyamoto stated in interviews that the graphical style was chosen to meet consumer demands and that it better suited the theme of an older version of Link. The game utilizes a modified The Wind Waker engine.', 0.98859125, 1)
('The funeral, held at the Church of the Madeleine in Paris, was delayed almost two weeks, until 30 October. Entrance was restricted to ticket holders as many people were expected to attend. Over 3,000 people arrived without invitations, from as far as London, Berlin and Vienna, and were excluded.', ' The funeral, held at the Madeleine Church in Paris, was postponed nearly two weeks, to October 30. Access was limited to ticket holders, as many were expected to attend. Approximately 3,000 people came without invitations, from London, Berlin and Vienna, and were excluded.', 0.98860633, 1)
('Nintendo staff members reported that demo users complained about the difficulty of the control scheme. Aonuma realized that his team had implemented Wii controls under the mindset of "forcing" users to adapt, instead of making the system intuitive and easy to use. He began rethinking the controls with Miyamoto to focus on comfort and ease.[q] The camera movement was reworked and item controls were changed to avoid accidental button presses.[r] In addition, the new item system required use of the button that had previously been used for the sword. To solve this, sword controls were transferred back to gestures—something E3 attendees had commented they would like to see. This reintroduced the problem of using a right-handed swing to control a left-handed sword attack. The team did not have enough time before release to rework Link\'s character model, so they instead flipped the entire game—everything was made a mirror image.[s] Link was now right-handed, and references to "east" and "west" were switched around. The GameCube version, however, was left with the original orientation. The Twilight Princess player\'s guide focuses on the Wii version, but has a section in the back with mirror-image maps for GameCube users.[t]', ' Nintendo employees reported that demo users were complaining about the complexity of the control system. Aonuma noted that his team was adapting Wii controls under duress to fit users, rather than making the system intuitive and easy. He began adjusting the controls with Miyamoto, with a focus on comfort and ease. The camera movement was revised and item controls were changed to prevent unwanted button presses. Additionally, the new item system required the use of the button that was previously used for the sword. To address this issue, sword controls were reverted back to gestures—something E3 visitors had expressed a desire to see. This reintroduced the problem of a right-handed sword swing for a left-handed Link attack. The team did not have enough time before release to modify Link\'s character model, so they opted to reverse the entire game—everything was a mirror image. Link was now right-handed, and references to "east" and "west" were reversed. However, the GameCube version remained with the original direction. The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess game guide focused on the Wii version, but included a section at the end with mirror image cards for GameCube users.', 0.9886433, 1)
('Commercial solar water heaters began appearing in the United States in the 1890s. These systems saw increasing use until the 1920s but were gradually replaced by cheaper and more reliable heating fuels. As with photovoltaics, solar water heating attracted renewed attention as a result of the oil crises in the 1970s but interest subsided in the 1980s due to falling petroleum prices. Development in the solar water heating sector progressed steadily throughout the 1990s and growth rates have averaged 20% per year since 1999. Although generally underestimated, solar water heating and cooling is by far the most widely deployed solar technology with an estimated capacity of 154 GW as of 2007.', ' Solar water heaters in commercial use in the USA emerged in the 1890s. Their usage grew until the 1920s but were eventually surpassed by cheaper and more dependable heating fuels. Similar to photovoltaics, solar water heating regained popularity due to the oil crises in the 1970s, but interest waned again in the 1980s due to declining petroleum prices. Solar water heating and cooling technology continued to advance throughout the 1990s, with an average growth rate of 20% per year since 1999. However, it is often overlooked that solar water heating and cooling is the most extensively deployed solar technology, with an estimated capacity of 154 GW as of 2007.', 0.9886623, 1)
('A solar chimney (or thermal chimney, in this context) is a passive solar ventilation system composed of a vertical shaft connecting the interior and exterior of a building. As the chimney warms, the air inside is heated causing an updraft that pulls air through the building. Performance can be improved by using glazing and thermal mass materials in a way that mimics greenhouses.', ' A solar chimney (or thermal chimney, in this context) is a passive solar ventilation system consisting of a vertical shaft connecting the interior and exterior of a building. When the chimney is warm, the air inside is heated, causing an updraft that draws air through the building. Performance can be improved by using glazing and thermal mass materials in a way that mimics greenhouses.Therefore, a solar chimney is a passive solar ventilation system. It comprises a vertical shaft that links the interior and exterior of a building. The system functions by warming the chimney, which in turn heats the air inside, leading to an updraft that pulls air through the building. Enhancements can be made by employing glazing and thermal mass materials in a manner that replicates greenhouses.', 0.9886671, 1)
("Cyborg anthropology originated as a sub-focus group within the American Anthropological Association's annual meeting in 1993. The sub-group was very closely related to STS and the Society for the Social Studies of Science. Donna Haraway's 1985 Cyborg Manifesto could be considered the founding document of cyborg anthropology by first exploring the philosophical and sociological ramifications of the term. Cyborg anthropology studies humankind and its relations with the technological systems it has built, specifically modern technological systems that have reflexively shaped notions of what it means to be human beings.", "Cyborg anthropology emerged as a sub-group within the American Anthropological Association's annual meeting in 1993. This sub-group was closely linked to STS and the Society for the Social Studies of Science. Donna Haraway's 1985 Cyborg Manifesto is considered the founding document of cyborg anthropology, as it initially delved into the philosophical and sociological implications of the term. Cyborg anthropology examines humanity and its relationships with the technological systems we have created, focusing on modern technological systems that have reciprocally influenced our understanding of what it means to be human beings.", 0.98870707, 1)
('In paragraph 13 the judges raise the issue of the perpetrators\' access to the victims: "The historical examples of genocide also suggest that the area of the perpetrators’ activity and control, as well as the possible extent of their reach, should be considered. ... The intent to destroy formed by a perpetrator of genocide will always be limited by the opportunity presented to him. While this factor alone will not indicate whether the targeted group is substantial, it can—in combination with other factors—inform the analysis."', '[In paragraph 13, the judges address the issue of the perpetrators\' access to the victims: "The historical examples of genocide also suggest that the area of the perpetrators\' activity and control, as well as the possible extent of their reach, should be considered. ... The intent to destroy of a genocide perpetrator will always be limited by the opportunity presented to him. While this factor alone will not indicate whether the targeted group is substantial, it can—in combination with other factors—inform the analysis."].Translation:[In paragraph 13, the judges consider the issue of the perpetrators\' access to the victims. The historical instances of genocide indicate that the size of the perpetrators\' operational area and their level of control, as well as the extent of their influence, should be taken into account. ... The intent to destroy of a genocide perpetrator is always constrained by the opportunities available to him. Although this factor alone does not determine whether the targeted group is significant, it can, in conjunction with other factors, contribute to the analysis.]', 0.9887076, 1)
("Christoph Waltz was cast in the role of Franz Oberhauser, though he refused to comment on the nature of the part. It was later revealed with the film's release that he is Ernst Stavro Blofeld. Dave Bautista was cast as Mr. Hinx after producers sought an actor with a background in contact sports. After casting Bérénice Lim Marlohe, a relative newcomer, as Sévérine in Skyfall, Mendes consciously sought out a more experienced actor for the role of Madeleine Swann, ultimately casting Léa Seydoux in the role. Monica Bellucci joined the cast as Lucia Sciarra, becoming, at the age of fifty, the oldest actress to be cast as a Bond girl. In a separate interview with Danish website Euroman, Jesper Christensen revealed he would be reprising his role as Mr. White from Casino Royale and Quantum of Solace. Christensen's character was reportedly killed off in a scene intended to be used as an epilogue to Quantum of Solace, before it was removed from the final cut of the film, enabling his return in Spectre.", " [Christoph Waltz was cast for the role of Franz Oberhauser but refused to comment on the nature of the part. Later, it was revealed with the release of the film that he is Ernst Stavro Blofeld. Dave Bautista was cast as Mr. Hinx because producers were looking for an actor with experience in contact sports. After casting Bérénice Lim Marlohe, a newcomer, as Sévérine in Skyfall, Mendes deliberately sought out a more experienced actress for the role of Madeleine Swann and ultimately cast Léa Seydoux in the role. Monica Bellucci joined the cast as Lucia Sciarra, becoming, at the age of fifty, the oldest actress ever cast as a Bond girl. In a separate interview with the Danish website Euroman, Jesper Christensen revealed he would be reprising his role as Mr. White from Casino Royale and Quantum of Solace. Christensen's character was originally intended to appear in a scene meant to be an epilogue to Quantum of Solace, but it was removed from the final cut of the film, allowing for his return in Spectre.]", 0.98871416, 1)
("During the December 2014 press conference announcing the start of filming, Aston Martin and Eon unveiled the new DB10 as the official car for the film. The DB10 was designed in collaboration between Aston Martin and the filmmakers, with only 10 being produced especially for Spectre as a celebration of the 50th anniversary of the company's association with the franchise. Only eight of those 10 were used for the film, however; the remaining two were used for promotional work. After modifying the Jaguar C-X75 for the film, Williams F1 carried the 007 logo on their cars at the 2015 Mexican Grand Prix, with the team playing host to the cast and crew ahead of the Mexican premiere of the film.", " During the December 2014 press conference, Aston Martin and Eon introduced the new DB10 as the official car for the film. The DB10 was created through a collaboration between Aston Martin and the filmmakers, with only 10 being produced specifically for Spectre to mark the company's 50-year partnership with the franchise. However, only eight of these ten DB10s were used in the film; the remaining two were utilized for promotional purposes. After modifying the Jaguar C-X75 for the film, Williams F1 displayed the 007 logo on their cars at the 2015 Mexican Grand Prix. The team welcomed the cast and crew prior to the Mexican premiere of the film.", 0.98872316, 1)
("Portuguese law applied in the former colonies and territories and continues to be the major influence for those countries. Portugal's main police organizations are the Guarda Nacional Republicana – GNR (National Republican Guard), a gendarmerie; the Polícia de Segurança Pública – PSP (Public Security Police), a civilian police force who work in urban areas; and the Polícia Judiciária – PJ (Judicial Police), a highly specialized criminal investigation police that is overseen by the Public Ministry.", ' Portuguese law is applied in former colonies and territories and continues to be the major influence for those countries. Portugal has its main police organizations in the Guarda Nacional Republicana – GNR (National Republican Guard), a gendarmerie; the Polícia de Segurança Pública – PSP (Public Security Police), a civilian police force that works in urban areas; and the Polícia Judiciária – PJ (Judicial Police), a highly specialized criminal investigation police that is overseen by the Public Ministry.Portuguese law is applied in former colonies and territories and continues to be the major influence for those countries. Portugal has its main police organizations in the National Republican Guard – GNR (a gendarmerie), the Public Security Police – PSP (a civilian police force that works in urban areas), and the Judicial Police – PJ (a highly specialized criminal investigation police that is overseen by the Public Ministry).', 0.98873204, 1)
("Christianity (59%), particularly Catholicism (33%), was the most prevalently practiced religion in New York as of 2014, followed by Judaism, with approximately 1.1 million Jews in New York City, over half living in Brooklyn. Islam ranks third in New York City, with official estimates ranging between 600,000 and 1,000,000 observers and including 10% of the city's public schoolchildren, followed by Hinduism, Buddhism, and a variety of other religions, as well as atheism. In 2014, 24% self-identified with no organized religious affiliation.", 'Christendom (59%), with Catholicism (33%), was the most widespread religion in New York in 2014. Judaism followed, with approximately 1.1 million Jews in New York City, more than half of them living in Brooklyn. Islam is the third largest religion in New York City, with estimates ranging from 600,000 to 1,000,000 adherents and including 10% of the public schoolchildren in the city. In 2014, 24% identified themselves as having no organized religious affiliation.', 0.98874474, 1)
("English is the official language in the state of Montana, as it is in many U.S. states. English is also the language of the majority. According to the 2000 U.S. Census, 94.8 percent of the population aged 5 and older speak English at home. Spanish is the language most commonly spoken at home other than English. There were about 13,040 Spanish-language speakers in the state (1.4 percent of the population) in 2011. There were also 15,438 (1.7 percent of the state population) speakers of Indo-European languages other than English or Spanish, 10,154 (1.1 percent) speakers of a Native American language, and 4,052 (0.4 percent) speakers of an Asian or Pacific Islander language. Other languages spoken in Montana (as of 2013) include Assiniboine (about 150 speakers in the Montana and Canada), Blackfoot (about 100 speakers), Cheyenne (about 1,700 speakers), Plains Cree (about 100 speakers), Crow (about 3,000 speakers), Dakota (about 18,800 speakers in Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, and South Dakota), German Hutterite (about 5,600 speakers), Gros Ventre (about 10 speakers), Kalispel-Pend d'Oreille (about 64 speakers), Kutenai (about 6 speakers), and Lakota (about 6,000 speakers in Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota). The United States Department of Education estimated in 2009 that 5,274 students in Montana spoke a language at home other than English. These included a Native American language (64 percent), German (4 percent), Spanish (3 percent), Russian (1 percent), and Chinese (less than 0.5 percent).", " English is the official language in the state of Montana, just like in many other American states. English is also the language of the majority. According to the American census in 2000, 94.8% of the population of 5 years and older spoke English at home. Spanish was the most spoken language at home other than English. There were approximately 13,040 Spanish speakers in the state (1.4% of the population) in 2011. There were also 15,438 (1.7% of the state population) speakers of Indo-European languages other than English or Spanish, 10,154 (1.1%) speakers of an indigenous language, and 4,052 (0.4%) speakers of an Asian or Pacific Island language. Other languages spoken in Montana (up to 2013) included Assiniboine (approximately 150 speakers in Montana and Canada), Blackfoot (approximately 100 speakers), Cheyenne (approximately 1,700 speakers), Plains Cree (approximately 100 speakers), Crow (approximately 3,000 speakers), Dakota (approximately 18,800 speakers in Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota and South Dakota), German-Hutterite (approximately 5,600 speakers), Gros Ventre (approximately 10 speakers), Kalispel-Pend d'Oreille (approximately 64 speakers), Kutenai (approximately 6 speakers), and Lakota (approximately 6,000 speakers in Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota and South Dakota). The U.S. Department of Education estimated in 2009 that there were 5,274 students in Montana who spoke a language other than English at home. This included an indigenous language (64%), German (4%), Spanish (3%), Russian (1%), and Chinese (less than 0.5%).", 0.98880863, 1)
('In 2006, the animal rights organization People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), criticized Beyoncé for wearing and using fur in her clothing line House of Deréon. In 2011, she appeared on the cover of French fashion magazine L\'Officiel, in blackface and tribal makeup that drew criticism from the media. A statement released from a spokesperson for the magazine said that Beyoncé\'s look was "far from the glamorous Sasha Fierce" and that it was "a return to her African roots".', 'In 2006, animal rights organization People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) criticized Beyoncé for wearing and using fur in her clothing line House of Deréon. In 2011, she appeared on the cover of the French fashion magazine LOfficiel, in blackface and tribal makeup that drew criticism from the media. A spokesperson for the magazine said that Beyoncé\'s look was "far from the glamorous Sasha Fierce" and that it was "a return to her African roots."Note: In Dutch, we use the word "make-up" instead of "makeup". However, in this context, "make-up" is used in English to refer to the cosmetics used to change one\'s appearance, so I have kept the English term in the translation. Also, "kritiek uit de media" can be translated as "media criticism" or "criticism from the media". I have used the latter to maintain the original phrasing.', 0.98884976, 1)
("The 1916 Zoning Resolution required setbacks in new buildings, and restricted towers to a percentage of the lot size, to allow sunlight to reach the streets below. The Art Deco style of the Chrysler Building (1930) and Empire State Building (1931), with their tapered tops and steel spires, reflected the zoning requirements. The buildings have distinctive ornamentation, such as the eagles at the corners of the 61st floor on the Chrysler Building, and are considered some of the finest examples of the Art Deco style. A highly influential example of the international style in the United States is the Seagram Building (1957), distinctive for its façade using visible bronze-toned I-beams to evoke the building's structure. The Condé Nast Building (2000) is a prominent example of green design in American skyscrapers and has received an award from the American Institute of Architects as well as AIA New York State for its design.", " The Zoning Regulation of 1916 required setbacks in new construction and limited towers to a percentage of the land area, to keep the streets beneath them accessible to sunlight. The Art Deco style of the Chrysler Building (1930) and Empire State Building (1931), with their tapering tops and steel trusses, reflected the zoning requirements. The buildings have characteristic decorations, such as the eagles on the corners of the 61st floor of the Chrysler Building, and are considered among the finest examples of the Art Deco style. A very influential example of the international style in the United States is the Seagram Building (1957), known for its facade with visible bronze-tinted I-beam structures to evoke the building's construction. The Condé Nast Building (2000) is a prominent representation of sustainable design in American skyscrapers and has received an award from the American Institute of Architects as well as AIA New York State for its design.", 0.98886514, 1)
('It is an important source of renewable energy and its technologies are broadly characterized as either passive solar or active solar depending on the way they capture and distribute solar energy or convert it into solar power. Active solar techniques include the use of photovoltaic systems, concentrated solar power and solar water heating to harness the energy. Passive solar techniques include orienting a building to the Sun, selecting materials with favorable thermal mass or light dispersing properties, and designing spaces that naturally circulate air.', ' This is an important source of renewable energy and its technologies are widely recognized as passive solar energy or active solar energy, depending on how they capture, distribute or convert solar energy. Active solar techniques include the use of photovoltaic systems, concentrated solar heat and solar thermal power for energy collection. Passive solar techniques include aligning a building with the Sun, selecting materials with favorable thermal mass or light dispersing properties, and designing spaces that naturally circulate air.', 0.98888236, 1)
('Solar water disinfection (SODIS) involves exposing water-filled plastic polyethylene terephthalate (PET) bottles to sunlight for several hours. Exposure times vary depending on weather and climate from a minimum of six hours to two days during fully overcast conditions. It is recommended by the World Health Organization as a viable method for household water treatment and safe storage. Over two million people in developing countries use this method for their daily drinking water.', ' Solar water disinfection (SODIS) entails exposing water-filled plastic polyethylene terephthalate (PET) bottles to sunlight for several hours. Exposure times can range from a minimum of six hours to two days during overcast conditions. The World Health Organization suggests this method for household water treatment and safe storage. Over two million people in developing countries utilize this method for their daily drinking water.', 0.98888487, 1)
('In 1939, coinciding with the start of World War II, Rene Dubos reported the discovery of the first naturally derived antibiotic, tyrothricin, a compound of 20% gramicidin and 80% tyrocidine, from B. brevis. It was one of the first commercially manufactured antibiotics universally and was very effective in treating wounds and ulcers during World War II. Gramicidin, however, could not be used systemically because of toxicity. Tyrocidine also proved too toxic for systemic usage. Research results obtained during that period were not shared between the Axis and the Allied powers during the war.', ' In 1939, at the beginning of World War II, Rene Dubos reported the discovery of the first naturally occurring antibiotic, tyrothricin, a mixture of 20% gramicidine and 80% tyrocidine, derived from B. brevis. It was one of the first widely sold antibiotics and was very effective in treating wounds and ulcers during World War II. However, gramicidine could not be used systematically due to toxicity. Tyrocidine was also found to be toxic for systemic use. Research results from that period were not shared between the Axis and Allied powers during the war.', 0.9889064, 1)
('Twilight Princess takes place several centuries after Ocarina of Time and Majora\'s Mask, and begins with a youth named Link who is working as a ranch hand in Ordon Village. One day, the village is attacked by Bulblins, who carry off the village\'s children with Link in pursuit before he encounters a wall of Twilight. A Shadow Beast pulls him beyond the wall into the Realm of Twilight, where he is transformed into a wolf and imprisoned. Link is soon freed by an imp-like Twilight being named Midna, who dislikes Link but agrees to help him if he obeys her unconditionally. She guides him to Princess Zelda. Zelda explains that Zant, the King of the Twilight, has stolen the light from three of the four Light Spirits and conquered Hyrule. In order to save Hyrule, Link must first restore the Light Spirits by entering the Twilight-covered areas and, as a wolf, recover the Spirits\' lost light. He must do this by collecting the multiple "Tears of Light"; once all the Tears of Light are collected for one area, he restores that area\'s Light Spirit. As he restores them, the Light Spirits return Link to his Hylian form.', 'Twilight Princess takes place several centuries after Ocarina of Time and Majora\'s Mask, and begins with a young man named Link who works as a ranch hand in Ordon Village. One day, the village is attacked by Bulblins, who carry off the village children with Link in pursuit. Before he can reach them, he encounters a wall of Twilight. A Shadow Beast pulls him beyond the wall into the Realm of Twilight, where he is transformed into a wolf and imprisoned. Link is soon freed by an imp-like Twilight being named Midna, who dislikes Link but agrees to help him if he obeys her unconditionally. She guides him to Princess Zelda. Zelda explains that Zant, the King of the Twilight, has stolen the light from three of the four Light Spirits and conquered Hyrule. In order to save Hyrule, Link must first restore the Light Spirits by entering the Twilight-covered areas and, as a wolf, recover the Spirits\' lost light. He must do this by collecting the multiple "Tears of Light"; once all the Tears of Light are collected for one area, he restores that area\'s Light Spirit. As he restores them, the Light Spirits return Link to his Hylian form. (Note: In English, "Hylian" remains "Hylian" and "Twilight" remains "Twilight Realm" or "Twilight").', 0.9889573, 1)
('Following Garreth Mallory\'s promotion to M, on a mission in Mexico City unofficially ordered by a posthumous message from the previous M, 007 James Bond kills three men plotting a terrorist bombing during the Day of the Dead and gives chase to Marco Sciarra, an assassin who survived the attack. In the ensuing struggle, Bond steals his ring, which is emblazoned with a stylised octopus, and then kills Sciarra by kicking him out of a helicopter. Upon returning to London, Bond is indefinitely suspended from field duty by M, who is in the midst of a power struggle with C, the head of the privately-backed Joint Intelligence Service, consisting of the recently merged MI5 and MI6. C campaigns for Britain to form alongside 8 other countries "Nine Eyes ", a global surveillance and intelligence co-operation initiative between nine member states, and uses his influence to close down the \'00\' section, believing it to be outdated.', ' After Garreth Mallory\'s promotion to M, carried out on a mission in Mexico City, unofficially ordered by a neighboring message from the previous M, 007 James Bond kills three men who were planning a terrorist attack during the Day of the Dead and gives pursuit to Marco Sciarra, a suspected murderer who survived the attack. In the following fight, Bond seizes Sciarra\'s ring, which depicts a stylized octopus, and then kills Sciarra by throwing him from a helicopter. Back in London, Bond is relieved of fieldwork duties indefinitely by M, who is in a power struggle with C, head of the privately funded Joint Intelligence Service, consisting of the recently merged MI5 and MI6. C advocates for the United Kingdom to join "Nine Eyes," a global surveillance and intelligence cooperation between nine member states, and uses his influence to disband the 00-section, finding it outdated. (Note: "Nine Eyes" is a real intelligence-sharing agreement between nine English-speaking countries, but it\'s not mentioned in the original text that it\'s a real thing, so I assumed it was a fictional term in the context of the story.)', 0.9889639, 1)
("Scientific and technological research activities in Portugal are mainly conducted within a network of R&D units belonging to public universities and state-managed autonomous research institutions like the INETI – Instituto Nacional de Engenharia, Tecnologia e Inovação and the INRB – Instituto Nacional dos Recursos Biológicos. The funding and management of this research system is mainly conducted under the authority of the Ministry of Science, Technology and Higher Education (MCTES) itself and the MCTES's Fundação para a Ciência e Tecnologia (FCT). The largest R&D units of the public universities by volume of research grants and peer-reviewed publications, include biosciences research institutions like the Instituto de Medicina Molecular, the Centre for Neuroscience and Cell Biology, the IPATIMUP, the Instituto de Biologia Molecular e Celular and the Abel Salazar Biomedical Sciences Institute.", "Scientific and technological research activities in Portugal mainly take place within a network of R&D units belonging to public universities and state-owned autonomous research institutions, such as INETI – Instituto Nacional de Engenharia, Tecnologia e Inovação and INRB – Instituto Nacional dos Recursos Biológicos. The financing and management of this research system is mainly under the supervision of the Ministry of Science, Technology and Higher Education (MCTES) itself and the MCTES's Foundation for Science and Technology (FCT). The largest R&D units of the public universities in terms of research contributions and peer-reviewed publications include bioscientific research institutions such as Instituto de Medicina Molecular, Centro de Neurociências e Biologia Celular, IPATIMUP, Instituto de Biologia Molecular e Celular and Abel Salazar Biomedical Sciences Institute.", 0.9889748, 1)
("The total solar energy absorbed by Earth's atmosphere, oceans and land masses is approximately 3,850,000 exajoules (EJ) per year. In 2002, this was more energy in one hour than the world used in one year. Photosynthesis captures approximately 3,000 EJ per year in biomass. The amount of solar energy reaching the surface of the planet is so vast that in one year it is about twice as much as will ever be obtained from all of the Earth's non-renewable resources of coal, oil, natural gas, and mined uranium combined,", " The total solar energy absorbed by the Earth's atmosphere, oceans, and land masses amounts to approximately 3,850,000 exajoules (EJ) per year. In 2002, this energy was more than what the entire world used in one hour. Photosynthesis captures approximately 3,000 EJ per year in biomass. The solar energy supply at the Earth's surface is so enormous that in one year, it is roughly double the amount that will ever be obtained from all non-renewable sources of coal, oil, natural gas, and mined uranium on Earth combined.", 0.989033, 1)
('On August 24, 1673, Dutch captain Anthonio Colve took over the colony of New York from England and rechristened it "New Orange" to honor the Prince of Orange, King William III. However, facing defeat from the British and French, who had teamed up to destroy Dutch trading routes, the Dutch returned the island to England in 1674.', ' On August 24, 1673, Dutch captain Anthonio Colve assumed control of the New York colony from England and renamed it "New Orange" in honor of the Prince of Orange, King William III. However, with defeat imminent from the British and French, who had united to destroy Dutch trading routes, the Dutch surrendered the island back to England in 1674.', 0.98906803, 1)
('Pumped-storage hydroelectricity stores energy in the form of water pumped when energy is available from a lower elevation reservoir to a higher elevation one. The energy is recovered when demand is high by releasing the water, with the pump becoming a hydroelectric power generator.', ' Pumped-storage hydroelectricity stores energy by pumping water from a lower elevation reservoir to a higher elevation one using available energy. The energy is recovered when demand is high by releasing the water, making the pump function as a hydroelectric power generator.', 0.9890733, 1)
('New York City has a high degree of income disparity as indicated by its Gini Coefficient of 0.5 for the city overall and 0.6 for Manhattan. The disparity is driven by wage growth in high-income brackets, while wages have stagnated for middle and lower-income brackets. In the first quarter of 2014, the average weekly wage in New York County (Manhattan) was $2,749, representing the highest total among large counties in the United States. In 2013, New York City had the highest number of billionaires of any city in the world, higher than the next five U.S. cities combined, including former Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg. New York also had the highest density of millionaires per capita among major U.S. cities in 2014, at 4.6% of residents. Lower Manhattan has been experiencing a baby boom, with the area south of Canal Street witnessing 1,086 births in 2010, 12% greater than 2009 and over twice the number born in 2001.', ' New York City has shown a high degree of income inequality with a city-wide Gini coefficient of 0.5 and 0.6 for Manhattan. Inequality is primarily driven by wage growth in high income brackets, while wages for middle and low income brackets remain stagnant. In the first quarter of 2014, the average weekly earnings income in New York County (Manhattan) was $2,749, the highest total among large counties in the United States. In 2013, New York City had the most billionaires of any city in the world, more than the following five American cities combined, including former mayor Michael R. Bloomberg. New York had the highest density of millionaires per capita among large American cities, with 4.6% of the population. Lower Manhattan is experiencing a baby boom, with the area south of Canal Street accounting for 1,086 births in 2010, 12% more than in 2009, and more than twice as many as in 2001.', 0.98910964, 1)
('As of 2013, the global advertising agencies of Omnicom Group and Interpublic Group, both based in Manhattan, had combined annual revenues of approximately US$21 billion, reflecting New York City\'s role as the top global center for the advertising industry, which is metonymously referred to as "Madison Avenue". The city\'s fashion industry provides approximately 180,000 employees with $11 billion in annual wages.', 'Since 2013, the global advertising agencies of Omnicom Group and Interpublic Group, both based in Manhattan, had a combined annual revenue of approximately US$21 billion. This reflects New York City\'s role as the leading global center for the advertising industry, metonymically referred to as "Madison Avenue." The city\'s fashion industry provides approximately 180,000 employees with $11 billion in annual wages.Translation:Since 2013, the global advertising agencies of Omnicom Group and Interpublic Group, based in Manhattan, had a combined annual revenue of approximately US$21 billion. New York City\'s status as the leading global center for the advertising industry, known metonymically as "Madison Avenue," is reflected in this figure. The city\'s fashion industry employs around 180,000 people and pays out approximately $11 billion in annual wages.', 0.98911244, 1)
('The Mongol prince Godan, a grandson of Genghis Khan, raided as far as Lhasa. During his attack in 1240, Prince Godan summoned Sakya Pandita (1182–1251), leader of the Sakya school of Tibetan Buddhism, to his court in what is now Gansu in Western China. With Sakya Pandita\'s submission to Godan in 1247, Tibet was officially incorporated into the Mongol Empire during the regency of Töregene Khatun (1241–1246). Michael C. van Walt van Praag writes that Godan granted Sakya Pandita temporal authority over a still politically fragmented Tibet, stating that "this investiture had little real impact" but it was significant in that it established the unique "Priest-Patron" relationship between the Mongols and the Sakya lamas.', ' Prince Godan, a Mongol descendant of Genghis Khan, raided as far as Lhasa. During his attack in 1240, Prince Godan summoned Sakya Pandita (1182–1251), leader of the Sakya school of Tibetan Buddhism, to his court in what is now Gansu in Western China. With Sakya Pandita\'s submission to Godan in 1247, Tibet was officially part of the Mongol Empire during the regency of Töregene Khatun (1241–1246). Michael C. van Walt van Praag writes that Godan granted Sakya Pandita temporal power over a still politically fragmented Tibet. This investiture had little real impact, but it was significant in that it established the unique "Priest-Patron" relationship between the Mongols and the Sakya lamas.', 0.9892247, 1)
("About 80% of undergraduates and 20% of graduate students live on campus. The majority of the graduate students on campus live in one of four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all on-campus undergraduates live in one of the 29 residence halls. Because of the religious affiliation of the university, all residence halls are single-sex, with 15 male dorms and 14 female dorms. The university maintains a visiting policy (known as parietal hours) for those students who live in dormitories, specifying times when members of the opposite sex are allowed to visit other students' dorm rooms; however, all residence halls have 24-hour social spaces for students regardless of gender. Many residence halls have at least one nun and/or priest as a resident. There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities at the university, but a majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years. Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university offers the only non-military academy program of full-contact intramural American football. At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium.", " Approximately 80% of undergraduate students and 20% of graduate students live on campus. Most graduate students living on campus reside in one of the four graduate housing complexes on campus, while all undergraduate students on campus live in one of the 29 residence halls. Due to the religious background of the university, all residence halls are gender-separated, with 15 male living quarters and 14 female living quarters. The university enforces a visitation policy (known as parietal hours) for students living in apartments, specifying visitation times for members of the opposite gender to visit other students' dormitories; however, all residence halls have common areas open to students regardless of gender 24 hours a day. Many residence halls have at least one sister and/or priest as a resident. There are no traditional social fraternities or sororities on the campus, but the majority of students live in the same residence hall for all four years. Some intramural sports are based on residence hall teams, where the university is the only non-military academy program offering full-contact intramural American football. At the end of the intramural season, the championship game is played on the field in Notre Dame Stadium.", 0.98924243, 1)
("Spectre had its world premiere in London on 26 October 2015 at the Royal Albert Hall, the same day as its general release in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland. Following the announcement of the start of filming, Paramount Pictures brought forward the release of Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation to avoid competing with Spectre. In March 2015 IMAX corporation announced that Spectre would be screened in its cinemas, following Skyfall's success with the company. In the UK it received a wider release than Skyfall, with a minimum of 647 cinemas including 40 IMAX screens, compared to Skyfall's 587 locations and 21 IMAX screens.", 'Spectre had its world premiere in London on October 26, 2015 at the Royal Albert Hall, the same day as its general release in the United Kingdom and Ireland. After the announcement of the shootings, Paramount Pictures released Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation earlier, to prevent Spectre from competing. In March 2015, IMAX Corporation announced that Spectre would be shown in its cinemas, following the successful collaboration on Skyfall. In the United Kingdom, it received a wider release than Skyfall, with at least 647 cinema locations including 40 IMAX screens, compared to the 587 locations and 21 IMAX screens of Skyfall.', 0.9893094, 1)
("All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program. The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major. Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested. The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring. This program has been recognized previously, by U.S. News & World Report, as outstanding.", ' All Notre Dame undergraduate students belong to one of the five undergraduate colleges at the university or are in the First Year of Studies program. The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to assist incoming freshmen during their first year at the school before they have declared a major. Each student is assigned an academic advisor from the program who helps them select classes that introduce them to any major in which they are interested. The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides assistance with time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring. This program has previously been recognized by U.S. News & World Report as outstanding.', 0.9893138, 1)
("In 1827, soon after the death of Chopin's youngest sister Emilia, the family moved from the Warsaw University building, adjacent to the Kazimierz Palace, to lodgings just across the street from the university, in the south annex of the Krasiński Palace on Krakowskie Przedmieście,[n 5] where Chopin lived until he left Warsaw in 1830.[n 6] Here his parents continued running their boarding house for male students; the Chopin Family Parlour (Salonik Chopinów) became a museum in the 20th century. In 1829 the artist Ambroży Mieroszewski executed a set of portraits of Chopin family members, including the first known portrait of the composer.[n 7]", "In 1827, not long after the death of Chopin's youngest sister Emilia, the family moved from the Warsaw University building, next to the Kazimierz Palace, to lodgings directly across the street from the university, in the south annex of the Krasiński Palace on Krakowskie Przedmieście. Here his parents continued running their boarding house for male students; the Chopin Family Parlour (Salonik Chopinów) became a museum in the 20th century. In 1829, the artist Ambroży Mieroszewski painted a series of portraits of Chopin family members, including the first known portrait of the composer.", 0.9893486, 1)
('Fryderyk may have had some piano instruction from his mother, but his first professional music tutor, from 1816 to 1821, was the Czech pianist Wojciech Żywny. His elder sister Ludwika also took lessons from Żywny, and occasionally played duets with her brother. It quickly became apparent that he was a child prodigy. By the age of seven Fryderyk had begun giving public concerts, and in 1817 he composed two polonaises, in G minor and B-flat major. His next work, a polonaise in A-flat major of 1821, dedicated to Żywny, is his earliest surviving musical manuscript.', ' Fryderyk may have had piano lessons from his mother, but his first professional music teacher was the Czech pianist Wojciech Żywny between 1816 and 1821. His older sister Ludwika also took lessons from Żywny and played duets with him. It soon became apparent that he was a child prodigy. Around the age of seven, Fryderyk began giving public concerts, and in 1817, he wrote two polonaises in G minor and B-flat major. His next work, a polonaise in E-flat major from 1821, dedicated to Żywny, is his oldest known music manuscript.', 0.9893734, 1)
('In the film Knute Rockne, All American, Knute Rockne (played by Pat O\'Brien) delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech, at which point the background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March". George Gipp was played by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" was derived from this role. This scene was parodied in the movie Airplane! with the same background music, only this time honoring George Zipp, one of Ted Striker\'s former comrades. The song also was prominent in the movie Rudy, with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who harbored dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite significant obstacles.', ' In the film "Knute Rockne, All American," Knute Rockne, portrayed by Pat O\'Brien, delivers the famous "Win one for the Gipper" speech. The background music swells with the "Notre Dame Victory March." In this movie, George Gipp was acted by Ronald Reagan, whose nickname "The Gipper" originated from this role. This scene was parodied in the film "Airplane!" with the same background music, but this time in honor of George Zipp, one of Ted Striker\'s former comrades. The song was also prominent in the movie "Rudy," with Sean Astin as Daniel "Rudy" Ruettiger, who nurtured dreams of playing football at the University of Notre Dame despite numerous challenges.', 0.9894056, 1)
("The territory that now constitutes Tajikistan was previously home to several ancient cultures, including the city of Sarazm of the Neolithic and the Bronze Age, and was later home to kingdoms ruled by people of different faiths and cultures, including the Oxus civilization, Andronovo culture, Buddhism, Nestorian Christianity, Zoroastrianism, and Manichaeism. The area has been ruled by numerous empires and dynasties, including the Achaemenid Empire, Sassanian Empire, Hephthalite Empire, Samanid Empire, Mongol Empire, Timurid dynasty, and the Russian Empire. As a result of the breakup of the Soviet Union, Tajikistan became an independent nation in 1991. A civil war was fought almost immediately after independence, lasting from 1992 to 1997. Since the end of the war, newly established political stability and foreign aid have allowed the country's economy to grow.", ' The area that now makes up Tajikistan, was once the home of various ancient cultures, including the city of Sarazm from the Neolithic and Bronze Age, and later the home of kingdoms ruled by people of different faiths and cultures, such as the Oxus civilization, Andronovo culture, Buddhism, Nestorianism, Zoroastrianism and Manicheism. The area was in the hands of many empires and dynasties, including the Achaemenid Empire, the Sassanid Empire, the Hepthalite Empire, the Samanid Empire, the Mongol Empire, the Timurid Empire and the Russian Empire. Due to the establishment of the Soviet Union, Tajikistan became an independent nation in 1991. A civil war broke out immediately after independence, lasting from 1992 to 1997. Since the end of the war, political stability and foreign aid have allowed the economy of the country to grow.', 0.9894265, 1)
("The Ming initiated sporadic armed intervention in Tibet during the 14th century, but did not garrison permanent troops there. At times the Tibetans also used armed resistance against Ming forays. The Wanli Emperor (r. 1572–1620) made attempts to reestablish Sino-Tibetan relations after the Mongol-Tibetan alliance initiated in 1578, which affected the foreign policy of the subsequent Qing dynasty (1644–1912) of China in their support for the Dalai Lama of the Gelug school. By the late 16th century, the Mongols were successful armed protectors of the Gelug Dalai Lama, after increasing their presence in the Amdo region. This culminated in Güshi Khan's (1582–1655) conquest of Tibet from 1637–1642 and the establishment of the Ganden Phodrang regime by the 5th Dalai Lama with his help.", ' The Ming dynasty intermittently intervened militarily in Tibet during the 14th century, but did not station permanent troops there. At times, the Tibetans employed armed resistance against Ming incursions. The Wanli Emperor (r. 1572–1620) endeavored to restore Sino-Tibetan relations following the Mongol-Tibetan alliance of 1578, which influenced the foreign policy of the subsequent Qing dynasty (1644–1912) regarding their support for the Dalai Lama of the Gelug school. By the late 16th century, the Mongols had become effective armed protectors of the Gelug Dalai Lama, as they increased their presence in the Amdo region. This culminated in Güshi Khan\'s (1582–1655) conquest of Tibet from 1637–1642 and the establishment of the Ganden Phodrang regime by the 5th Dalai Lama with his assistance. (Note: The Dutch language does not have exact equivalents for some English terms used in the original text, such as "Sino-Tibetan relations" and "foreign policy," so I have translated these terms as literally as possible while maintaining the intended meaning.)', 0.9894843, 1)
('Slobodan Milošević, as the former President of Serbia and of Yugoslavia, was the most senior political figure to stand trial at the ICTY. He died on 11 March 2006 during his trial where he was accused of genocide or complicity in genocide in territories within Bosnia and Herzegovina, so no verdict was returned. In 1995, the ICTY issued a warrant for the arrest of Bosnian Serbs Radovan Karadžić and Ratko Mladić on several charges including genocide. On 21 July 2008, Karadžić was arrested in Belgrade, and he is currently in The Hague on trial accused of genocide among other crimes. Ratko Mladić was arrested on 26 May 2011 by Serbian special police in Lazarevo, Serbia. Karadzic was convicted of ten of the eleven charges laid against him and sentenced to 40 years in prison on March 24 2016.', 'Slobodan Milošević, former president of Serbia and of Yugoslavia, was the most prominent political figure on trial at the ICTY. He died on 11 March 2006 during his trial, for which he was accused of genocide or complicity in genocide in areas within Bosnia and Herzegovina, resulting in no verdict being passed. In 1995, the ICTY issued an arrest warrant against Radovan Karadžić and Ratko Mladić on multiple charges including genocide. On 21 July 2008, Karadžić was arrested in Belgrade and is currently on trial in The Hague, accused of genocide and other crimes. Ratko Mladić was arrested by Serbian special police in Lazarevo, Serbia, on 26 May 2011. Karadžic was sentenced to 40 years in prison on 24 March 2016 for ten of the eleven charges brought against him.', 0.98948777, 1)
("In 2014, the city had an estimated population density of 27,858 people per square mile (10,756/km²), rendering it the most densely populated of all municipalities housing over 100,000 residents in the United States; however, several small cities (of fewer than 100,000) in adjacent Hudson County, New Jersey are more dense overall, as per the 2000 Census. Geographically co-extensive with New York County, the borough of Manhattan's population density of 71,672 people per square mile (27,673/km²) makes it the highest of any county in the United States and higher than the density of any individual American city.", ' In 2014, the city had an estimated population density of 27,858 people per square mile (10,756/km²), making it the most densely populated municipality among those with over 100,000 residents in the United States. However, several small cities (fewer than 100,000) in adjacent Hudson County, New Jersey had higher overall densities, according to the 2000 Census. Geographically identical with New York County, the population density of Manhattan borough was 71,672 people per square mile (27,673/km²), the highest of any county in the United States and higher than the density of any individual American city.', 0.9895381, 1)
('Ecuador, Colombia, Guyana, Peru, and Brazil were the top source countries from South America for legal immigrants to the New York City region in 2013; the Dominican Republic, Jamaica, Haiti, and Trinidad and Tobago in the Caribbean; Egypt, Ghana, and Nigeria from Africa; and El Salvador, Honduras, and Guatemala in Central America. Amidst a resurgence of Puerto Rican migration to New York City, this population had increased to approximately 1.3 million in the metropolitan area as of 2013.', ' Ecuador, Colombia, Guyana, Peru, and Brazil were the top countries of origin for legal immigrants in the New York City area in 2013; the Dominican Republic, Jamaica, Haiti, and Trinidad and Tobago in the Caribbean region; Egypt, Ghana, and Nigeria from Africa; and El Salvador, Honduras, and Guatemala from Central America. The population of Puerto Rican migration to New York City had grown to approximately 1.3 million in the metropolitan area by around 2013.', 0.9896, 1)
('At the end of November, Chopin returned to Paris. He passed the winter in unremitting illness, but gave occasional lessons and was visited by friends, including Delacroix and Franchomme. Occasionally he played, or accompanied the singing of Delfina Potocka, for his friends. During the summer of 1849, his friends found him an apartment in Chaillot, out of the centre of the city, for which the rent was secretly subsidised by an admirer, Princess Obreskoff. Here in June 1849 he was visited by Jenny Lind.', 'At the end of November, Chopin returned to Paris. He spent the winter in unyielding illness, but gave occasional lessons and was visited by friends, including Delacroix and Franchomme. Occasionally he played, or accompanied the singing of Delfina Potocka, for his friends. During the summer of 1849, his friends found him an apartment in Chaillot, outside the city center, which was secretly subsidized by an admirer, Princess Obreskoff. Here in June 1849 he was visited by Jenny Lind.', 0.9896362, 1)
('In April, during the Revolution of 1848 in Paris, he left for London, where he performed at several concerts and at numerous receptions in great houses. This tour was suggested to him by his Scottish pupil Jane Stirling and her elder sister. Stirling also made all the logistical arrangements and provided much of the necessary funding.', ' In April, during the Revolution of 1848 in Paris, he went to London, where he participated in several concerts and numerous receptions in great houses. This was suggested to him by his Scottish pupil Jane Stirling and her elder sister. Stirling also made all the arrangements and provided much of the necessary funds.', 0.98966956, 1)
("Some of Chopin's well-known pieces have acquired descriptive titles, such as the Revolutionary Étude (Op. 10, No. 12), and the Minute Waltz (Op. 64, No. 1). However, with the exception of his Funeral March, the composer never named an instrumental work beyond genre and number, leaving all potential extramusical associations to the listener; the names by which many of his pieces are known were invented by others. There is no evidence to suggest that the Revolutionary Étude was written with the failed Polish uprising against Russia in mind; it merely appeared at that time. The Funeral March, the third movement of his Sonata No. 2 (Op. 35), the one case where he did give a title, was written before the rest of the sonata, but no specific event or death is known to have inspired it.", " Some of Chopin's well-known pieces have descriptive titles, such as the Revolutionary Étude (Op. 10, No. 12) and the Minute Waltz (Op. 64, No. 1). However, with the exception of his Funeral March, the composer never named an instrumental work beyond genre and number, leaving all potential extramusical associations to the listener; the names by which many of his pieces are known were invented by others. There is no evidence to suggest that the Revolutionary Étude was written with the failed Polish uprising against Russia in mind; it merely appeared at that time. The Funeral March, the third movement of his Sonata No. 2 (Op. 35), the one case where he did give a title, was written before the rest of the sonata, but no specific event or dead person is known to have inspired it.", 0.9896697, 1)
('The governors of the taifas each proclaimed themselves Emir of their provinces and established diplomatic relations with the Christian kingdoms of the north. Most of Portugal fell into the hands of the Taifa of Badajoz of the Aftasid Dynasty, and after a short spell of an ephemeral Taifa of Lisbon in 1022, fell under the dominion of the Taifa of Seville of the Abbadids poets. The Taifa period ended with the conquest of the Almoravids who came from Morocco in 1086 winning a decisive victory at the Battle of Sagrajas, followed a century later in 1147, after the second period of Taifa, by the Almohads, also from Marrakesh.', ' The governors of the taifas declared themselves Emirs of their provinces and established diplomatic relations with the Christian kingdoms in the north. Most of Portugal fell into the hands of the Taifa of Badajoz from the Aftasid Dynasty. After a short period of an ephemeral Taifa of Lisbon in 1022, it came under the dominion of the Taifa of Seville of the Abbadid poets. The Taifa period ended with the conquest of the Almoravids who came from Morocco in 1086 with a decisive victory at the Battle of Sagrajas. A century later, in 1147, after the second period of Taifa, the Almohads from Marrakesh took over.', 0.98967516, 1)
("The northern section of the Divide, where the mountains give way rapidly to prairie, is part of the Rocky Mountain Front. The front is most pronounced in the Lewis Range, located primarily in Glacier National Park. Due to the configuration of mountain ranges in Glacier National Park, the Northern Divide (which begins in Alaska's Seward Peninsula) crosses this region and turns east in Montana at Triple Divide Peak. It causes the Waterton River, Belly, and Saint Mary rivers to flow north into Alberta, Canada. There they join the Saskatchewan River, which ultimately empties into Hudson Bay.", " The northern part of the Divide, where the mountains gradually turn into prairie, is part of the Rocky Mountain Front. The front is most pronounced in the Lewis Range, which mainly lies in Glacier National Park. Due to the configuration of mountain ranges in Glacier National Park, the Northern Divide (which begins in Alaska's Seward Peninsula) intersects here and turns eastward in Montana at Triple Divide Peak. This causes the Waterton River, Belly River, and St. Mary River to flow northward towards Alberta, Canada. There they join the Saskatchewan River, which eventually empties into Hudson Bay.", 0.98967725, 1)
('Throughout the following month, the Yongle Emperor and his court showered the Karmapa with presents. At Linggu Temple in Nanjing, he presided over the religious ceremonies for the Yongle Emperor\'s deceased parents, while twenty-two days of his stay were marked by religious miracles that were recorded in five languages on a gigantic scroll that bore the Emperor\'s seal. During his stay in Nanjing, Deshin Shekpa was bestowed the title "Great Treasure Prince of Dharma" by the Yongle Emperor. Elliot Sperling asserts that the Yongle Emperor, in bestowing Deshin Shekpa with the title of "King" and praising his mystical abilities and miracles, was trying to build an alliance with the Karmapa as the Mongols had with the Sakya lamas, but Deshin Shekpa rejected the Yongle Emperor\'s offer. In fact, this was the same title that Kublai Khan had offered the Sakya Phagpa lama, but Deshin Shekpa persuaded the Yongle Emperor to grant the title to religious leaders of other Tibetan Buddhist sects.', ' For the entire following month, the Yongle Emperor and his court presented the Karmapa with numerous gifts. At Linggu Temple in Nanjing, he presided over the religious ceremonies for the Yongle Emperor\'s deceased parents. Twenty-two days of his stay were marked by religious miracles, recorded on a giant scroll bearing the Emperor\'s seal in five languages. During his stay in Nanjing, Deshin Shekpa was bestowed the title "Great Treasure Prince of Dharma" by the Yongle Emperor. According to Elliot Sperling, the Yongle Emperor, in bestowing Deshin Shekpa with the title of "King" and praising his mystical abilities and miracles, was trying to forge an alliance with the Karmapa, similar to the Mongols with the Sakya lamas. However, Deshin Shekpa declined the Yongle Emperor\'s offer. In fact, this was the same title that Kublai Khan had offered the Sakya Phagpa lama. Deshin Shekpa persuaded the Yongle Emperor to grant the title to religious leaders of other Tibetan Buddhist sects.', 0.98973, 1)
('Holy Cross Father John Francis O\'Hara was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934. During his tenure at Notre Dame, he brought numerous refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H. Spearman, Jeremiah D. M. Ford, Irvin Abell, and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, instituted in 1883. O\'Hara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could be an effective means to "acquaint the public with the ideals that dominate" Notre Dame. He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service because it is played for the honor and glory of God and of his Blessed Mother. When St. Paul said: \'Whether you eat or drink, or whatsoever else you do, do all for the glory of God,\' he included football."', ' Father John Francis OHara, a Holy Cross priest, was elected vice-president in 1933 and president of Notre Dame in 1934. During his time at Notre Dame, he brought many refugee intellectuals to campus; he selected Frank H. Spearman, Jeremiah D. M. Ford, Irvin Abell and Josephine Brownson for the Laetare Medal, which was established in 1883. OHara strongly believed that the Fighting Irish football team could effectively promote "the ideals of Notre Dame" to the public. He wrote, "Notre Dame football is a spiritual service as it is played for the honor and glory of God and his Blessed Mother. When', 0.9898045, 1)
("In London Chopin took lodgings at Dover Street, where the firm of Broadwood provided him with a grand piano. At his first engagement, on 15 May at Stafford House, the audience included Queen Victoria and Prince Albert. The Prince, who was himself a talented musician, moved close to the keyboard to view Chopin's technique. Broadwood also arranged concerts for him; among those attending were Thackeray and the singer Jenny Lind. Chopin was also sought after for piano lessons, for which he charged the high fee of one guinea (£1.05 in present British currency) per hour, and for private recitals for which the fee was 20 guineas. At a concert on 7 July he shared the platform with Viardot, who sang arrangements of some of his mazurkas to Spanish texts.", ' In London, Chopin rented houses in Dover Street, where Broadwood provided him with a grand piano. During his first performance, on May 15th at Stafford House, the audience included, among others, Queen Victoria and Prince Albert. Prince Albert, who was a talented musician himself, came close to the keys to watch Chopin play. Broadwood also organized concerts for him; among the spectators were Thackeray and singer Jenny Lind. Chopin was also asked to give piano lessons, for which he charged the high fee of one guinea (£1.05 in current British currency) per hour, and for private recitals, the price was 20 guineas. At a concert on July 7th, he shared the stage with Viardot, who sang arrangements of some of his mazurkas to Spanish texts.', 0.989852, 1)
('When the book was released, reviewers noted that it was divided into two parts, and opinion was mixed about Lee\'s ability to connect them. The first part of the novel concerns the children\'s fascination with Boo Radley and their feelings of safety and comfort in the neighborhood. Reviewers were generally charmed by Scout and Jem\'s observations of their quirky neighbors. One writer was so impressed by Lee\'s detailed explanations of the people of Maycomb that he categorized the book as Southern romantic regionalism. This sentimentalism can be seen in Lee\'s representation of the Southern caste system to explain almost every character\'s behavior in the novel. Scout\'s Aunt Alexandra attributes Maycomb\'s inhabitants\' faults and advantages to genealogy (families that have gambling streaks and drinking streaks), and the narrator sets the action and characters amid a finely detailed background of the Finch family history and the history of Maycomb. This regionalist theme is further reflected in Mayella Ewell\'s apparent powerlessness to admit her advances toward Tom Robinson, and Scout\'s definition of "fine folks" being people with good sense who do the best they can with what they have. The South itself, with its traditions and taboos, seems to drive the plot more than the characters.', ' When the book came out, critics noted that it was divided into two parts, and opinions were mixed about Scout\'s ability to connect them. The first part of the novel deals with the children and their fascination for Boo Radley and their sense of safety and comfort in their neighborhood. Critics were generally impressed by Scout and Jem\'s observations of their quirky neighbors. A critic was so impressed by Lee\'s extensive explanation of the people of Maycomb that he classified the book as Southern romantic regionalism. This sentimentality is evident in Lee\'s portrayal of the Southern caste system, which explains almost every character in the book. Aunt Alexandra attributes the flaws and virtues of Maycomb\'s inhabitants to genealogy (families with winning and losing streaks), and the narrator sets the action and characters against a finely detailed background of the Finch family history and the history of Maycomb. This regionalist theme is further reflected in Mayella Ewell\'s powerless recognition of her feelings for Tom Robinson, and Scout\'s definition of "fine folks" as people with good hearts who do the best with what they have. The South itself, with its traditions and taboos, seems to control the plot more than the characters.', 0.989903, 1)
('Her debut single, "Crazy in Love" was named VH1\'s "Greatest Song of the 2000s", NME\'s "Best Track of the 00s" and "Pop Song of the Century", considered by Rolling Stone to be one of the 500 greatest songs of all time, earned two Grammy Awards and is one of the best-selling singles of all time at around 8 million copies. The music video for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)", which achieved fame for its intricate choreography and its deployment of jazz hands, was credited by the Toronto Star as having started the "first major dance craze of both the new millennium and the Internet", triggering a number of parodies of the dance choreography and a legion of amateur imitators on YouTube. In 2013, Drake released a single titled "Girls Love Beyoncé", which featured an interpolation from Destiny Child\'s "Say My Name" and discussed his relationship with women. In January 2012, research scientist Bryan Lessard named Scaptia beyonceae, a species of horse fly found in Northern Queensland, Australia after Beyoncé due to the fly\'s unique golden hairs on its abdomen. In July 2014, a Beyoncé exhibit was introduced into the "Legends of Rock" section of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. The black leotard from the "Single Ladies" video and her outfit from the Super Bowl half time performance are among several pieces housed at the museum.', ' Her debut single, "Crazy in Love," was named the "Best Song of the 2000s" by VH1, the "Best Track of the 00s" and "Song of the Century" by NME, and one of the 500 greatest songs of all time by Rolling Stone. The song received two Grammy Awards and is one of the best-selling singles ever, with approximately 8 million copies sold. The music video for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" was credited by the Toronto Star with starting the first major dance trend of both the new millennium and the Internet, leading to numerous parodies of the choreography and a legion of amateur followers on YouTube. In 2013, Drake released a single called "Girls Love Beyoncé," which contained an interpolation of Destiny Child\'s "Say My Name" and spoke about his relationships with women. In January 2012, research scientist Bryan Lessard named a species of fly, Scaptia beyonceae, after Beyoncé, due to its golden abdominal hairs. In July 2014, a Beyoncé exhibition was introduced in the "Legends of Rock" section of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. The black leotard from the "Single Ladies" video and her costume from the Super Bowl half time show are part of the collection in the museum.', 0.9899248, 1)
('In 2011, the International Energy Agency said that "the development of affordable, inexhaustible and clean solar energy technologies will have huge longer-term benefits. It will increase countries’ energy security through reliance on an indigenous, inexhaustible and mostly import-independent resource, enhance sustainability, reduce pollution, lower the costs of mitigating global warming, and keep fossil fuel prices lower than otherwise. These advantages are global. Hence the additional costs of the incentives for early deployment should be considered learning investments; they must be wisely spent and need to be widely shared".', ' In 2011, the International Energy Agency stated that "the development of affordable, inexhaustible and clean solar energy technologies will have significant long-term benefits. It will increase countries’ energy security through reliance on an indigenous, inexhaustible and mostly import-independent resource, enhance sustainability, reduce pollution, lower the costs of mitigating global warming, and keep fossil fuel prices lower than otherwise. These advantages are global. Therefore, the additional costs of the incentives for early deployment should be considered learning investments; they must be wisely spent and need to be widely shared".', 0.9899491, 1)
('In September 1828 Chopin, while still a student, visited Berlin with a family friend, zoologist Feliks Jarocki, enjoying operas directed by Gaspare Spontini and attending concerts by Carl Friedrich Zelter, Felix Mendelssohn and other celebrities. On an 1829 return trip to Berlin, he was a guest of Prince Antoni Radziwiłł, governor of the Grand Duchy of Posen—himself an accomplished composer and aspiring cellist. For the prince and his pianist daughter Wanda, he composed his Introduction and Polonaise brillante in C major for cello and piano, Op. 3.', ' In September 1828, Chopin, who was still a student, visited Berlin with a family friend, the zoologist Feliks Jarocki. He attended operas conducted by Gaspare Spontini and lived through concerts by Carl Friedrich Zelter, Felix Mendelssohn and others. During his return journey to Berlin in 1829, he was a guest of Prince Antoni Radziwiłł, governor of the Grand Duchy of Posen—himself a skilled composer and an avid cellist. For the prince and his pianist daughter Wanda, he composed his Introduction and Brilliant Polonaise in C major for cello and piano, Op. 3.', 0.98995906, 1)
('Unlike many other MP3 players, simply copying audio or video files to the drive with a typical file management application will not allow an iPod to properly access them. The user must use software that has been specifically designed to transfer media files to iPods, so that the files are playable and viewable. Usually iTunes is used to transfer media to an iPod, though several alternative third-party applications are available on a number of different platforms.', ' Unlike many other MP3 players, directly copying audio or video files to the iPod drive using a standard file management application will not enable the iPod to properly access them. The user must utilize software specifically designed for transferring media files to iPods, ensuring the files are playable and viewable. Normally, iTunes is employed for transferring media to an iPod, but various third-party applications are also available on different platforms.', 0.9899803, 1)
("In the United Kingdom, the film grossed £4.1 million ($6.4 million) from its Monday preview screenings. It grossed £6.3 million ($9.2 million) on its opening day and then £5.7 million ($8.8 million) on Wednesday, setting UK records for both days. In the film's first seven days it grossed £41.7 million ($63.8 million), breaking the UK record for highest first-week opening, set by Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban's £23.88 million ($36.9 million) in 2004. Its Friday–Saturday gross was £20.4 million ($31.2 million) compared to Skyfall's £20.1 million ($31 million). The film also broke the record for the best per-screen opening average with $110,000, a record previously held by The Dark Knight with $100,200. It has grossed a total of $136.3 million there. In the U.K., it surpassed Avatar to become the country's highest-grossing IMAX release ever with $10.09 million.", " In the United Kingdom, the film earned £4,1 million (€6,4 million) at its Monday previews. It earned £6,3 million (€9,2 million) on its opening day and then £5,7 million (€8,8 million) on Thursday, setting records in the United Kingdom for both days. In the first seven days of the film, it earned £41,7 million (€63,8 million), breaking the record for the highest first-week opening box office in the United Kingdom, which was previously held by Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (€23,88 million in 2004). The film's Friday and Saturday earnings amounted to £20,4 million (€31,2 million), compared to Skyfall's £20,1 million (€31 million). The film also broke the record for the best per-screen opening box office, with an average of €110,000, which was previously held by The Dark Knight (€100,200). In total, the film earned €136,3 million in the United Kingdom. In the United Kingdom, the film surpassed Avatar and became the highest-grossing IMAX release ever with a earnings of €10,09 million.", 0.98998404, 1)
("The city's National Basketball Association teams are the Brooklyn Nets and the New York Knicks, while the New York Liberty is the city's Women's National Basketball Association. The first national college-level basketball championship, the National Invitation Tournament, was held in New York in 1938 and remains in the city. The city is well known for its links to basketball, which is played in nearly every park in the city by local youth, many of whom have gone on to play for major college programs and in the NBA.", " The city has two national basketball teams in the National Basketball Association: the Brooklyn Nets and the New York Knicks. The city also has the New York Liberty in the Women's National Basketball Association. The first national college-level basketball tournament, the National Invitation Tournament, took place in New York in 1938 and still is in the city. The city is known for its links to basketball, which is played in nearly every park in the city by local youth, many of whom have gone on to major college programs and in the NBA.", 0.9899868, 1)
('Francis Marcus of the International Federation of the Red Cross praised the Chinese rescue effort as "swift and very efficient" in Beijing on Tuesday. But he added the scale of the disaster was such that "we can\'t expect that the government can do everything and handle every aspect of the needs". The Economist noted that China reacted to the disaster "rapidly and with uncharacteristic openness", contrasting it with Burma\'s secretive response to Cyclone Nargis, which devastated that country 10 days before the earthquake.', 'Francis Marcus of the International Federation of the Red Cross commended the Chinese rescue effort as "swift and very efficient" in Beijing on Tuesday. However, he stated that "we cannot expect that the government can do everything and handle every aspect of the needs" due to the disaster\'s immense scale. The Economist observed that China responded to the disaster "rapidly and with uncharacteristic openness." In contrast, Myanmar\'s reaction to Cyclone Nargis, which struck 10 days prior to the earthquake, was described as secretive.', 0.9900439, 1)
('Concentrating Solar Power (CSP) systems use lenses or mirrors and tracking systems to focus a large area of sunlight into a small beam. The concentrated heat is then used as a heat source for a conventional power plant. A wide range of concentrating technologies exists; the most developed are the parabolic trough, the concentrating linear fresnel reflector, the Stirling dish and the solar power tower. Various techniques are used to track the Sun and focus light. In all of these systems a working fluid is heated by the concentrated sunlight, and is then used for power generation or energy storage.', ' Concentrating Solar Power (CSP) systems utilize lenses or mirrors and tracking systems to focus a large area of sunlight into a narrow beam. The concentrated heat is then used as a heat source for a conventional power plant. A diverse range of concentrating technologies exists; the most advanced are the parabolic trough, the concentrating linear fresnel reflector, the Stirling dish, and the solar power tower. Different methods are employed to track the Sun and focus light. In all of these systems, a working fluid is heated by the concentrated sunlight, and is then used for power generation or energy storage.', 0.99005425, 1)
('Transferring GameCube development to the Wii was relatively simple, since the Wii was being created to be compatible with the GameCube.[o] At E3 2005, Nintendo released a small number of Nintendo DS game cards containing a preview trailer for Twilight Princess. They also announced that Zelda would appear on the Wii (then codenamed "Revolution"), but it was not clear to the media if this meant Twilight Princess or a different game.', 'Transferring GameCube development to the Wii was quite straightforward, as the Wii was designed to be compatible with the GameCube.At E3 2005, Nintendo unveiled a limited number of Nintendo DS game cards featuring a sneak peek trailer for Twilight Princess. They also disclosed that Zelda would be available on the Wii (then referred to as "Revolution"), but it was unclear to the media whether this meant Twilight Princess or a different game.', 0.99012554, 1)
("Off-grid PV systems have traditionally used rechargeable batteries to store excess electricity. With grid-tied systems, excess electricity can be sent to the transmission grid, while standard grid electricity can be used to meet shortfalls. Net metering programs give household systems a credit for any electricity they deliver to the grid. This is handled by 'rolling back' the meter whenever the home produces more electricity than it consumes. If the net electricity use is below zero, the utility then rolls over the kilowatt hour credit to the next month. Other approaches involve the use of two meters, to measure electricity consumed vs. electricity produced. This is less common due to the increased installation cost of the second meter. Most standard meters accurately measure in both directions, making a second meter unnecessary.", " Off-grid PV-systems have traditionally used batteries to store excess electricity. With grid-connected systems, excess electricity can be sent to the distribution grid, while standard grid electricity can be used to fill in shortages. Net metering programs give residential systems a credit for every kilowatt-hour of electricity fed into the grid. This is done by reversing the meter when the house produces more electricity than it consumes. If the grid's electricity usage is under zero, the utility rolls over the kilowatt-hour credit to the next month. Other approaches involve using two meters to measure electricity consumption versus production. This is less common due to the higher installation costs of the second meter. Standard meters usually measure in both directions, making a second meter unnecessary.", 0.990142, 1)
('Deciduous trees and plants have been promoted as a means of controlling solar heating and cooling. When planted on the southern side of a building in the northern hemisphere or the northern side in the southern hemisphere, their leaves provide shade during the summer, while the bare limbs allow light to pass during the winter. Since bare, leafless trees shade 1/3 to 1/2 of incident solar radiation, there is a balance between the benefits of summer shading and the corresponding loss of winter heating. In climates with significant heating loads, deciduous trees should not be planted on the Equator facing side of a building because they will interfere with winter solar availability. They can, however, be used on the east and west sides to provide a degree of summer shading without appreciably affecting winter solar gain.', ' Deciduous trees and plants have been advocated for controlling solar heating and cooling. When planted on the southern side in the northern hemisphere or the northern side in the southern hemisphere of a building, their leaves provide shade during summer, while their bare branches allow light to pass during winter. Since bare, leafless trees shade one-third to one-half of incident solar radiation, there is a balance between the benefits of summer shading and the corresponding loss of winter heating. In climates with substantial heating loads, deciduous trees should not be planted on the Equator-facing side of a building because they will obstruct winter solar availability. However, they can be used on the east and west sides to offer some summer shading without significantly impacting winter solar gain.', 0.99015415, 1)
('Public education in Tajikistan consists of 11 years of primary and secondary education but the government has plans to implement a 12-year system in 2016. There is a relatively large number of tertiary education institutions including Khujand State University which has 76 departments in 15 faculties, Tajikistan State University of Law, Business, & Politics, Khorugh State University, Agricultural University of Tajikistan, Tajik State National University, and several other institutions. Most, but not all, universities were established during the Soviet Era. As of 2008[update] tertiary education enrollment was 17%, significantly below the sub-regional average of 37%. Many Tajiks left the education system due to low demand in the labor market for people with extensive educational training or professional skills.', ' The public education in Tajikistan consists of 11 years of primary education and secondary education, but the government plans to implement a 12-year system in 2016. There is a relatively large number of higher education institutions, including Khujand State University with 76 departments in 15 faculties, Tajik State University of Law, Business and Politics, Khorugh State University, Agricultural University of Tajikistan, and Tajik National State University, and a few other institutions. Most, but not all, universities were founded during the Soviet era. Until 2008, the number of enrollments in higher education was 17%, significantly lower than the sub-regional average of 37%. Many Tajiks leave the education system due to the low demand for labor with extensive education or professional skills.', 0.99015814, 1)
('In 2014 the Notre Dame student body consisted of 12,179 students, with 8,448 undergraduates, 2,138 graduate and professional and 1,593 professional (Law, M.Div., Business, M.Ed.) students. Around 21–24% of students are children of alumni, and although 37% of students come from the Midwestern United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries. As of March 2007[update] The Princeton Review ranked the school as the fifth highest \'dream school\' for parents to send their children. As of March 2015[update] The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth highest. The school has been previously criticized for its lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranks the university highly among schools at which "Alternative Lifestyles [are] Not an Alternative." It has also been commended by some diversity oriented publications; Hispanic Magazine in 2004 ranked the university ninth on its list of the top–25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized the university in 2006 for raising enrollment of African-American students. With 6,000 participants, the university\'s intramural sports program was named in 2004 by Sports Illustrated as the best program in the country, while in 2007 The Princeton Review named it as the top school where "Everyone Plays Intramural Sports." The annual Bookstore Basketball tournament is the largest outdoor five-on-five tournament in the world with over 700 teams participating each year, while the Notre Dame Men\'s Boxing Club hosts the annual Bengal Bouts tournament that raises money for the Holy Cross Missions in Bangladesh.', ' In 2014, Notre Dame\'s student body consisted of 12,179 students, of whom 8,448 were undergraduate students, 2,138 were graduate and professional students, and 1,593 were professional students (Law, M.Div., Business, M.Ed.). Approximately 21-24% of the students are children of alumni. And although 37% of the students are from the Middle American United States, the student body represents all 50 states and 100 countries. Since March 2007[update], The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the fifth best dream school for parents to send their children. Since March 2015[update], The Princeton Review ranked Notre Dame as the ninth best. The university has been criticized in the past for lack of diversity, and The Princeton Review ranked it high in the list of schools where "Alternative Lifestyles [are] not an Alternative." It has also been appreciated by diversity-focused publications; Hispanic Magazine ranked it in 2004 as the ninth in the top-25 colleges for Latinos, and The Journal of Blacks in Higher Education recognized it in 200[.', 0.99016005, 1)
("Apple did not develop the iPod software entirely in-house, instead using PortalPlayer's reference platform based on two ARM cores. The platform had rudimentary software running on a commercial microkernel embedded operating system. PortalPlayer had previously been working on an IBM-branded MP3 player with Bluetooth headphones. Apple contracted another company, Pixo, to help design and implement the user interface under the direct supervision of Steve Jobs. As development progressed, Apple continued to refine the software's look and feel. Starting with the iPod Mini, the Chicago font was replaced with Espy Sans. Later iPods switched fonts again to Podium Sans—a font similar to Apple's corporate font, Myriad. iPods with color displays then adopted some Mac OS X themes like Aqua progress bars, and brushed metal meant to evoke a combination lock. In 2007, Apple modified the iPod interface again with the introduction of the sixth-generation iPod Classic and third-generation iPod Nano by changing the font to Helvetica and, in most cases, splitting the screen in half by displaying the menus on the left and album artwork, photos, or videos on the right (whichever was appropriate for the selected item).", " Apple developed the iPod software not entirely in-house, but instead used PortalPlayer's reference platform based on two ARM cores. The platform had rudimentary software running on a commercial microkernel embedded operating system. PortalPlayer had previously been working on an MP3 player branded IBM with Bluetooth headphones. Apple hired another company, Pixo, to help design and implement the user interface under Steve Jobs' direct supervision. As development progressed, Apple continued to refine the software's look and feel. From the iPod Mini, the Chicago font was replaced with Espy Sans. Later iPods switched fonts again to Podium Sans – a font similar to Apple's corporate font, Myriad. iPods with color displays then adopted some Mac OS X themes like Aqua progress bars and brushed metal meant to evoke a combination lock. In 2007, Apple modified the iPod interface again with the introduction of the sixth-generation iPod Classic and third-generation iPod Nano by changing the font to Helvetica and, in most cases, splitting the screen in half by displaying the menus on the left and album artwork, photos, or videos on the right (whichever was appropriate for the selected item).", 0.99017847, 1)
("In 27 BC, Lusitania gained the status of Roman province. Later, a northern province of Lusitania was formed, known as Gallaecia, with capital in Bracara Augusta, today's Braga. There are still many ruins of castros (hill forts) all over modern Portugal and remains of Castro culture. Numerous Roman sites are scattered around present-day Portugal, some urban remains are quite large, like Conímbriga and Mirobriga. The former, beyond being one of the largest Roman settlements in Portugal, is also classified as a National Monument. Conímbriga lies 16 km from Coimbra which by its turn was the ancient Aeminium). The site also has a museum that displays objects found by archaeologists during their excavations.", 'In 27 BC, Lusitania became a Roman province. Later, a northern province of Lusitania was formed, named Gallaecia, with its capital in Bracara Augusta, now known as Braga. There are still many ruins of castros (hill forts) spread throughout modern Portugal and remnants of Castro culture. Numerous Roman sites can be found around present-day Portugal, some urban remains are quite large, such as Conímbriga and Mirobriga. The former, which is not only one of the largest Roman settlements in Portugal but also classified as a National Monument, is located 16 km north of Coimbra, which in turn was the ancient Aeminium. The site also has a museum that displays objects found by archaeologists during their excavations.', 0.9901805, 1)
('The advertised battery life on most models is different from the real-world achievable life. For example, the fifth generation 30 GB iPod is advertised as having up to 14 hours of music playback. An MP3.com report stated that this was virtually unachievable under real-life usage conditions, with a writer for MP3.com getting on average less than 8 hours from an iPod. In 2003, class action lawsuits were brought against Apple complaining that the battery charges lasted for shorter lengths of time than stated and that the battery degraded over time. The lawsuits were settled by offering individuals either US$50 store credit or a free battery replacement.', ' The advertised battery life on most models varies greatly from the achievable battery life in real life. For instance, the fifth generation 30 GB iPod is promoted with a maximum music playback time of up to 14 hours. However, an MP3.com report indicated that this was hardly achievable under actual usage conditions, with an MP3.com writer obtaining an average of less than 8 hours from an iPod. In 2003, class action lawsuits were filed against Apple due to complaints about batteries that lasted for shorter periods of time than advertised and that degraded over time. The lawsuits were settled by providing individuals with either US$50 store credit or a free battery replacement.', 0.99018896, 1)
("By May 14, the Ministry of Civil Affairs stated that 10.7 billion yuan (approximately US$1.5 billion) had been donated by the Chinese public. Houston Rockets center Yao Ming, one of the country's most popular sports icons, gave $214,000 and $71,000 to the Red Cross Society of China. The association has also collected a total of $26 million in donations so far. Other multinational firms located in China have also announced large amounts of donations.", 'By May 14, the Ministry of Civil Affairs reported that the Chinese public had donated 10.7 billion yuan (approximately US$1.5 billion). Yao Ming, a popular Chinese sports icon and center for the Houston Rockets, donated $214,000 and $71,000 to the Chinese Red Cross Society. The association has also collected a total of $26 million in donations so far. Other multinational companies located in China have also announced large amounts of donations.Translation:By May 14, the Ministry of Civil Affairs reported that the Chinese public had donated 10.7 billion yuan (approximately US$1.5 billion). Yao Ming, a Chinese basketball player and center for the Houston Rockets, donated 1.5 million USD and 0.25 million USD to the Chinese Red Cross Society. The society has collected 26 million USD in donations thus far. Additionally, multinational corporations based in China have pledged significant donations.', 0.99019015, 1)
('The preludes, many of which are very brief (some consisting of simple statements and developments of a single theme or figure), were described by Schumann as "the beginnings of studies". Inspired by J.S. Bach\'s The Well-Tempered Clavier, Chopin\'s preludes move up the circle of fifths (rather than Bach\'s chromatic scale sequence) to create a prelude in each major and minor tonality. The preludes were perhaps not intended to be played as a group, and may even have been used by him and later pianists as generic preludes to others of his pieces, or even to music by other composers, as Kenneth Hamilton suggests: he has noted a recording by Ferruccio Busoni of 1922, in which the Prelude Op. 28 No. 7 is followed by the Étude Op. 10 No. 5.', ' The preludes, many of which are very short (some consisting of simple statements and developments of a single theme or figure), were described by Schumann as "the beginnings of studies". Inspired by J.S. Bach\'s The Well-Tempered Clavier, Chopin\'s preludes follow the circle of fifths (rather than Bach\'s chromatic scale sequence) to create a prelude in each major and minor key. The preludes were probably not intended to be played as a group, and may even have been used by him and later pianists as generic preludes to other pieces of his work or even to music by other composers, as Kenneth Hamilton suggests: he has noted a recording by Ferruccio Busoni from 1922, in which the Prelude Op. 28 No. 7 is followed by the Étude Op. 10 No. 5.', 0.99020505, 1)
("Feminist anthropology is a four field approach to anthropology (archeological, biological, cultural, linguistic) that seeks to reduce male bias in research findings, anthropological hiring practices, and the scholarly production of knowledge. Anthropology engages often with feminists from non-Western traditions, whose perspectives and experiences can differ from those of white European and American feminists. Historically, such 'peripheral' perspectives have sometimes been marginalized and regarded as less valid or important than knowledge from the western world. Feminist anthropologists have claimed that their research helps to correct this systematic bias in mainstream feminist theory. Feminist anthropologists are centrally concerned with the construction of gender across societies. Feminist anthropology is inclusive of birth anthropology as a specialization.", ' Feminist anthropology is a four-field approach in anthropology (archaeological, biological, cultural, linguistic) that endeavors to reduce male bias in research findings, anthropological hiring, and the scholarly production process. Anthropology often collaborates with feminists from non-Western traditions, whose insights and experiences sometimes differ from those of white European and American feminists. Historically, such peripheral insights have been marginalized and considered less valuable or important than knowledge from the Western world. Feminist anthropologists have claimed that their research helps to correct the systematic bias in mainstream feminist theory. Feminist anthropologists have a central interest in the construction of gender across societies. Feminist anthropology also includes birth studies as a specialization.', 0.9902151, 1)
('A Spanish expedition led by captain Estêvão Gomes, a Portuguese sailing for Emperor Charles V, arrived in New York Harbor in January 1525 aboard the purpose-built caravel "La Anunciada" and charted the mouth of the Hudson River, which he named Rio de San Antonio. Heavy ice kept him from further exploration, and he returned to Spain in August. The first scientific map to show the North American East coast continuously, the 1527 world map known as the Padrón Real, was informed by Gomes\' expedition, and labeled the Northeast as Tierra de Esteban Gómez in his honor.', ' A Spanish expedition, led by captain Estêvão Gomes, a Portuguese sailing for Emperor Charles V, arrived in New York Harbor in January 1525 on board the purpose-built caravel "La Anunciada". They charted the mouth of the Hudson River, which he named Rio de San Antonio. However, heavy ice prevented them from further exploration, and they returned to Spain in August. The first scientific map to show the North American East coast continuously, the 1527 world map known as the Padrón Real, was based on Gomes\' expedition, and labeled the Northeast as Tierra de Esteban Gómez in his honor.', 0.99022096, 1)
('As a result of the magnitude 7.9 earthquake and the many strong aftershocks, many rivers became blocked by large landslides, which resulted in the formation of "quake lakes" behind the blockages; these massive amounts of water were pooling up at a very high rate behind the natural landslide dams and it was feared that the blockages would eventually crumble under the weight of the ever-increasing water mass, potentially endangering the lives of millions of people living downstream. As of May 27, 2008, 34 lakes had formed due to earthquake debris blocking and damming rivers, and it was estimated that 28 of them were still of potential danger to the local people. Entire villages had to be evacuated because of the resultant flooding.', ' Due to the magnitude 7.9 earthquake and the numerous powerful aftershocks, many rivers have been blocked by large landslides, resulting in "earthquake lakes" behind the disturbances; these large quantities of water flowed at a very high tempo behind natural landslide dams, and it was feared that the disturbances would eventually collapse under the weight of the ever-increasing water masses, potentially endangering the lives of millions of people in the watershed. By May 27, 2008, there were 34 such lakes formed by earthquake debris that blocked rivers and dammed them, and it was estimated that 28 of these were still dangerous for the local population. Entire villages had to be evacuated due to flooding.', 0.99022734, 1)
("Montana has a larger Native American population numerically and percentage-wise than most U.S. states. Although the state ranked 45th in population (according to the 2010 U.S. Census), it ranked 19th in total native people population. Native people constituted 6.5 percent of the state's total population, the sixth highest percentage of all 50 states. Montana has three counties in which Native Americans are a majority: Big Horn, Glacier, and Roosevelt. Other counties with large Native American populations include Blaine, Cascade, Hill, Missoula, and Yellowstone counties. The state's Native American population grew by 27.9 percent between 1980 and 1990 (at a time when Montana's entire population rose just 1.6 percent), and by 18.5 percent between 2000 and 2010. As of 2009, almost two-thirds of Native Americans in the state live in urban areas. Of Montana's 20 largest cities, Polson (15.7 percent), Havre (13.0 percent), Great Falls (5.0 percent), Billings (4.4 percent), and Anaconda (3.1 percent) had the greatest percentage of Native American residents in 2010. Billings (4,619), Great Falls (2,942), Missoula (1,838), Havre (1,210), and Polson (706) have the most Native Americans living there. The state's seven reservations include more than twelve distinct Native American ethnolinguistic groups.", " Montana has a larger number and percentage of Native Americans than most American states. Although the state ranked 45th in population according to the 2010 United States census, it was in 19th place in terms of total Native American population. Native Americans made up 6.5% of the state's total population, the sixth highest percentage of all 50 states. Montana has three counties where Native Americans form the majority: Big Horn, Glacier, and Roosevelt. Other counties with large Native American populations are Blaine, Cascade, Hill, Missoula, and Yellowstone. Between 1980 and 1990, the Native American population of Montana grew by 27.9% (while the state's total population only grew by 1.6%), and between 2000 and 2010, it grew by 18.5%. According to the 2009 census, approximately two-thirds of Native Americans lived in urban areas. Of Montana's 20 largest cities, Polson (15.7%), Havre (13%), Great Falls (5%), Billings (4.4%), and Anaconda (3.1%) had the highest percentage of resident Native Americans in 2010. Billings (4,619), Great Falls (2,942), Missoula (1,838), Havre (1,210), and Polson (706) had the most Native Americans residing in them. The state has seven reservations, which encompass more than a dozen different Native American ethnic-linguistic groups.", 0.99024314, 1)
('All Mainland Chinese television stations (along with some stations in Hong Kong and expatriate communities) cancelled all regularly-scheduled programming, displayed their logo in grayscale, and replaced their cancelled programmes with live earthquake footage from CCTV-1 for multiple days after the quake. Even pay television channels (such as Channel V) had their programmes suspended.', ' All Mainland Chinese television stations, along with some stations in Hong Kong and expatriate communities, cancelled all scheduled programming and displayed their logos in gray, replacing cancelled shows with live earthquake coverage from CCTV-1 for several days following the quake. Even pay television channels, such as Channel V, had their programming interrupted.', 0.9902926, 1)
("Numerous major American cultural movements began in the city, such as the Harlem Renaissance, which established the African-American literary canon in the United States. The city was a center of jazz in the 1940s, abstract expressionism in the 1950s, and the birthplace of hip hop in the 1970s. The city's punk and hardcore scenes were influential in the 1970s and 1980s. New York has long had a flourishing scene for Jewish American literature.", ' Numerous major American cultural movements originated in the city, such as the Harlem Renaissance, which established the African-American literary canon in the United States. The city was a center of jazz in the 1940s, abstract expressionism in the 1950s and the birthplace of hip hop in the 1970s. The city had a flourishing scene for Jewish American literature in the 1970s and 1980s.', 0.99030644, 1)
("However, at the state level, the pattern of split ticket voting and divided government holds. Democrats currently hold one of the state's U.S. Senate seats, as well as four of the five statewide offices (Governor, Superintendent of Public Instruction, Secretary of State and State Auditor). The lone congressional district has been Republican since 1996 and in 2014 Steve Daines won one of the state's Senate seats for the GOP. The Legislative branch had split party control between the house and senate most years between 2004 and 2010, when the mid-term elections returned both branches to Republican control. The state Senate is, as of 2015, controlled by the Republicans 29 to 21, and the State House of Representatives at 59 to 41.", " But at the state level, the pattern of split ticket voting and divided government continues. Democrats held one of the state's U.S. Senate seats, as well as four of the five statewide offices (Governor, Superintendent of Public Instruction, Secretary of State and State Auditor) in 2015. The only congressional district has been Republican since 1996 and in 2014, Steve Daines won one of the state's Senate seats for the GOP. The legislative branch was split in control between the house and senate most years between 2004 and 2010, when the mid-term elections returned both branches to Republican control. The state Senate was, as of 2015, controlled by the Republicans (29-21), and the State House of Representatives counted 59-41.", 0.9903329, 1)
('Many districts and landmarks in New York City have become well known, and the city received a record 56 million tourists in 2014, hosting three of the world\'s ten most visited tourist attractions in 2013. Several sources have ranked New York the most photographed city in the world. Times Square, iconic as the world\'s "heart" and its "Crossroads", is the brightly illuminated hub of the Broadway Theater District, one of the world\'s busiest pedestrian intersections, and a major center of the world\'s entertainment industry. The names of many of the city\'s bridges, skyscrapers, and parks are known around the world. Anchored by Wall Street in the Financial District of Lower Manhattan, New York City has been called both the most economically powerful city and the leading financial center of the world, and the city is home to the world\'s two largest stock exchanges by total market capitalization, the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ. Manhattan\'s real estate market is among the most expensive in the world. Manhattan\'s Chinatown incorporates the highest concentration of Chinese people in the Western Hemisphere, with multiple signature Chinatowns developing across the city. Providing continuous 24/7 service, the New York City Subway is one of the most extensive metro systems worldwide, with 469 stations in operation. New York City\'s higher education network comprises over 120 colleges and universities, including Columbia University, New York University, and Rockefeller University, which have been ranked among the top 35 in the world.', " Multiple districts and landmarks in New York City are world-famous, and the city received a record 56 million tourists in 2014. The city was a participant in three of the ten most visited tourist attractions worldwide in 2013. Various sources have named New York the most photographed city in the world. Times Square, known as the brightly lit heart and crossing of the Broadway Theater District, is a major center of the world entertainment industry and one of the busiest pedestrian intersections in the world. The names of many city bridges, skyscrapers, and parks are known worldwide. New York City, located on Wall Street in Lower Manhattan's Financial District, is considered by various sources to be both the economically powerful city and the leading financial center of the world. The city is the home of the world's largest stock exchanges by total market capitalization, the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ. Manhattan's real estate market is one of the most expensive in the world. Chinatown in New York contains the highest concentration of Chinese in the Western Hemisphere, with several signature Chinatowns developing throughout the city. The New York City Subway is one of the most extensive metro systems in the world, with 469 operating stations. New York City's higher education network has over 120 colleges and universities, including Columbia University, New York University, and Rockefeller University, which are ranked among the top 35 in the world.", 0.9903343, 1)
('Evolutionary anthropology is the interdisciplinary study of the evolution of human physiology and human behaviour and the relation between hominins and non-hominin primates. Evolutionary anthropology is based in natural science and social science, combining the human development with socioeconomic factors. Evolutionary anthropology is concerned with both biological and cultural evolution of humans, past and present. It is based on a scientific approach, and brings together fields such as archaeology, behavioral ecology, psychology, primatology, and genetics. It is a dynamic and interdisciplinary field, drawing on many lines of evidence to understand the human experience, past and present.', ' Comparative anthropology is the interdisciplinary study of the evolution of human physiology and human behaviour and the relation between hominins and non-hominin primates. Comparative anthropology is based on natural sciences and social sciences, combining human development with socio-economic factors. Comparative anthropology is concerned with both biological and cultural evolution of humans, past and present. It is based on a scientific approach, and brings together fields such as archaeology, behavioural ecology, psychology, primatology and genetics. It is a dynamic and interdisciplinary field, drawing on many lines of evidence to understand the human experience, past and present.', 0.9903362, 1)
("The Earth receives 174,000 terawatts (TW) of incoming solar radiation (insolation) at the upper atmosphere. Approximately 30% is reflected back to space while the rest is absorbed by clouds, oceans and land masses. The spectrum of solar light at the Earth's surface is mostly spread across the visible and near-infrared ranges with a small part in the near-ultraviolet. Most people around the world live in areas with insolation levels of 150 to 300 watts per square meter or 3.5 to 7.0 kWh/m2 per day.", " The Earth receives 174.000 terawatt (TW) of incoming solar radiation (insolation) in the upper atmosphere. Approximately 30% of it is reflected back to space, with the rest being absorbed by clouds, oceans, and land masses. The spectrum of sunlight at the Earth's surface is primarily distributed across the visible and near-infrared ranges, with a small portion in the near-ultraviolet. Most people reside in regions with insolation levels of 150 to 300 watts per square meter or 3.5 to 7.0 kWh/m2 per day.", 0.99034554, 1)
('In 2011, a report by the International Energy Agency found that solar energy technologies such as photovoltaics, solar hot water and concentrated solar power could provide a third of the world’s energy by 2060 if politicians commit to limiting climate change. The energy from the sun could play a key role in de-carbonizing the global economy alongside improvements in energy efficiency and imposing costs on greenhouse gas emitters. "The strength of solar is the incredible variety and flexibility of applications, from small scale to big scale".', ' In 2011, a report from the International Energy Agency discovered that solar technologies such as photovoltaic, solar heat, and concentrated solar heat could provide a third of the world\'s energy in 2060 if politicians commit to limiting climate change. Solar energy could play a significant role in decarbonizing the global economy, in addition to energy improvement and taxes for greenhouse gas emitters. "The power of the sun is the unexpected diversity and flexibility of applications, from small-scale to large-scale."', 0.9903539, 1)
('In the 20th century, Portugal engaged in two major conflicts: World War I and the Portuguese Colonial War (1961–1974). After the end of the Portuguese Empire in 1975, the Portuguese Armed Forces have participated in peacekeeping missions in East Timor, Bosnia, Kosovo, Afghanistan, Somalia, Iraq (Nasiriyah) and Lebanon. Portugal also conducted several independent unilateral military operations abroad, as were the cases of the interventions of the Portuguese Armed Forces in Angola in 1992 and in Guinea-Bissau in 1998 with the main objectives of protecting and withdrawing of Portuguese and foreign citizens threatened by local civil conflicts.', ' In the 20th century, Portugal participated in two major conflicts: the First World War and the Portuguese colonial war (1961-1974). After the end of the Portuguese Empire in 1975, the Portuguese Armed Forces took part in peace missions in East Timor, Bosnia, Kosovo, Afghanistan, Somalia, Iraq (Nasiriyah), and Lebanon. Portugal also conducted several independent unilateral military operations abroad, such as the interventions of the Portuguese Armed Forces in Angola in 1992 and in Guinea-Bissau in 1998, with the main objective being the protection and withdrawal of Portuguese and foreigners threatened by local civil wars.', 0.9903621, 1)
('The New York area is home to a distinctive regional speech pattern called the New York dialect, alternatively known as Brooklynese or New Yorkese. It has generally been considered one of the most recognizable accents within American English. The classic version of this dialect is centered on middle and working-class people of European descent. However, the influx of non-European immigrants in recent decades has led to changes in this distinctive dialect, and the traditional form of this speech pattern is no longer as prevalent among general New Yorkers as in the past.', ' The New York area is the home of a unique regional speech pattern known as the New York dialect, or Brooklynese or New Yorkese. It is widely recognized as one of the most distinct accents within American English. The traditional version of this dialect is associated with middle and working-class people of European descent. However, the influx of non-European immigrants in recent decades has resulted in changes to this distinctive dialect, and the classic form is no longer as prevalent among general New Yorkers as it once was.', 0.9903928, 1)
('In the last two decades, photovoltaics (PV), also known as solar PV, has evolved from a pure niche market of small scale applications towards becoming a mainstream electricity source. A solar cell is a device that converts light directly into electricity using the photoelectric effect. The first solar cell was constructed by Charles Fritts in the 1880s. In 1931 a German engineer, Dr Bruno Lange, developed a photo cell using silver selenide in place of copper oxide. Although the prototype selenium cells converted less than 1% of incident light into electricity, both Ernst Werner von Siemens and James Clerk Maxwell recognized the importance of this discovery. Following the work of Russell Ohl in the 1940s, researchers Gerald Pearson, Calvin Fuller and Daryl Chapin created the crystalline silicon solar cell in 1954. These early solar cells cost 286 USD/watt and reached efficiencies of 4.5–6%. By 2012 available efficiencies exceed 20% and the maximum efficiency of research photovoltaics is over 40%.', ' In the last two decades, photovoltaic (PV), also known as solar thermal-PV, has developed from a pure niche-market of small-scale applications to a mainstream source of electricity. A solar cell is a device that directly converts light into electricity with the photovoltaic effect. The first solar cell was made by Charles Fritts in the 1880s. In 1931, a German engineer, dr Bruno Lange, developed a photocell with silver selenide instead of copper oxide. Although the prototype selenium-cells converted less than 1% of the incident light into electricity, both Ernst Werner von Siemens and James Clerk Maxwell recognized the significance of this discovery. After the work of Russell Ohl in the 1940s, researchers Gerald Pearson, Calvin Fuller and Daryl Chapin developed the crystalline silicon solar cell in 1954. These early solar cells cost 286 USD/watt and achieved efficiencies of 4.5-6%. Up to 2012, efficiencies were available that exceeded 20%, and the maximum efficiency of research-PV exceeded 40% (Note: USD/watt is a measure for the price per watt power. In Dutch, this is usually expressed in euro per watt-peak (€/Wp).)', 0.9903988, 1)
('Montana\'s motto, Oro y Plata, Spanish for "Gold and Silver", recognizing the significant role of mining, was first adopted in 1865, when Montana was still a territory. A state seal with a miner\'s pick and shovel above the motto, surrounded by the mountains and the Great Falls of the Missouri River, was adopted during the first meeting of the territorial legislature in 1864–65. The design was only slightly modified after Montana became a state and adopted it as the Great Seal of the State of Montana, enacted by the legislature in 1893. The state flower, the bitterroot, was adopted in 1895 with the support of a group called the Floral Emblem Association, which formed after Montana\'s Women\'s Christian Temperance Union adopted the bitterroot as the organization\'s state flower. All other symbols were adopted throughout the 20th century, save for Montana\'s newest symbol, the state butterfly, the mourning cloak, adopted in 2001, and the state lullaby, "Montana Lullaby", adopted in 2007.', ' Montana\'s motto, "Gold and Silver" in Spanish, acknowledging mining\'s significant role, was adopted in 1865 when Montana was still a territory. A state seal featuring a miner\'s pick and shovel above the motto, encircled by mountains and the Great Falls of the Missouri River, was adopted during the first meeting of the territorial legislature in 1864-65. The design underwent minor modifications after Montana became a state and adopted it as the Great Seal of the State of Montana, enacted by the legislature in 1893. The state flower, bitterroot, was adopted in 1895 with the backing of a group named the Floral Emblem Association, which emerged after Montana\'s Women\'s Christian Temperance Union selected the bitterroot as their state flower. All other symbols were adopted throughout the 20th century, except for Montana\'s newest symbol, the state butterfly, the mourning cloak, which was adopted in 2001, and the state lullaby, "Montana Lullaby," which was adopted in 2007.', 0.9904013, 1)
('In mid-2015, several new color schemes for all of the current iPod models were spotted in the latest version of iTunes, 12.2. Belgian website Belgium iPhone originally found the images when plugging in an iPod for the first time, and subsequent leaked photos were found by Pierre Dandumont.', ' In the middle of 2015, several new color schemes for all current iPod models were discovered in the latest version of iTunes, 12.2. A Belgian website, Belgium iPhone, was the first to discover the images when plugging in an iPod, and subsequent leaked photos were found by Pierre Dandumont.', 0.99040323, 1)
("Asian Americans in New York City, according to the 2010 Census, number more than one million, greater than the combined totals of San Francisco and Los Angeles. New York contains the highest total Asian population of any U.S. city proper. The New York City borough of Queens is home to the state's largest Asian American population and the largest Andean (Colombian, Ecuadorian, Peruvian, and Bolivian) populations in the United States, and is also the most ethnically diverse urban area in the world. The Chinese population constitutes the fastest-growing nationality in New York State; multiple satellites of the original Manhattan Chinatown (紐約華埠), in Brooklyn (布鲁克林華埠), and around Flushing, Queens (法拉盛華埠), are thriving as traditionally urban enclaves, while also expanding rapidly eastward into suburban Nassau County (拿騷縣) on Long Island (長島), as the New York metropolitan region and New York State have become the top destinations for new Chinese immigrants, respectively, and large-scale Chinese immigration continues into New York City and surrounding areas. In 2012, 6.3% of New York City was of Chinese ethnicity, with nearly three-fourths living in either Queens or Brooklyn, geographically on Long Island. A community numbering 20,000 Korean-Chinese (Chaoxianzu (Chinese: 朝鲜族) or Joseonjok (Hangul: 조선족)) is centered in Flushing, Queens, while New York City is also home to the largest Tibetan population outside China, India, and Nepal, also centered in Queens. Koreans made up 1.2% of the city's population, and Japanese 0.3%. Filipinos were the largest Southeast Asian ethnic group at 0.8%, followed by Vietnamese, who made up 0.2% of New York City's population in 2010. Indians are the largest South Asian group, comprising 2.4% of the city's population, with Bangladeshis and Pakistanis at 0.7% and 0.5%, respectively. Queens is the preferred borough of settlement for Asian Indians, Koreans, and Filipinos, as well as Malaysians and other Southeast Asians; while Brooklyn is receiving large numbers of both West Indian as well as Asian Indian immigrants.", "Asian Americans in New York City numbered over a million according to the 2010 census, greater than the total of San Francisco and Los Angeles combined. New York is the American city with the highest total Asian population. The New York City borough of Queens is home to the largest Asian American population and the largest Andean (Colombian, Ecuadorian, Peruvian, and Bolivian) population in the United States, and is also the most ethnically diverse urban area in the world. The Chinese population is the fastest growing nationality in New York State. Several satellites of the original Manhattan Chinatown in Brooklyn and around Flushing, Queens are blooming as traditional urban cores, while they are expanding rapidly eastward into the suburban area of Nassau County on Long Island because the New York metropolitan region and New York State are the main destinations for new Chinese immigrants, respectively, and large-scale Chinese immigration continues to move to New York City and its surroundings. In 2012, 6.3% of New York City's population was of Chinese descent, with over three quarters of them living in Queens or Brooklyn, geographically on Long Island. A community of 20,000 Korean-Chinese (Chaoxianzu or Joseonjok) is central in Flushing, Queens, while New York City also houses the largest Tibetan population outside of China, India, and Nepal, also in Queens. Koreans made up 1.2% of the city's population, and Japanese 0.3%. Filipinos were the largest Southeast Asian ethnic group with 0.8%, followed by Vietnamese, who made up 0.2% of New York City's population in 2010. Indians are the largest South Asian group, with 2.4% of the city's population, with Bangladeshis and Pakistanis at 0.7% and 0.5%, respectively. Queens is the preferred residence for Asian Indians, Koreans, and Filipinos, as well as Malaysians and other Southeast Asians; while Brooklyn receives large numbers of both West Indian and Asian Indian immigrants.", 0.99041307, 1)
('The climate has become warmer in Montana and continues to do so. The glaciers in Glacier National Park have receded and are predicted to melt away completely in a few decades. Many Montana cities set heat records during July 2007, the hottest month ever recorded in Montana. Winters are warmer, too, and have fewer cold spells. Previously these cold spells had killed off bark beetles which are now attacking the forests of western Montana. The combination of warmer weather, attack by beetles, and mismanagement during past years has led to a substantial increase in the severity of forest fires in Montana. According to a study done for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency by the Harvard School of Engineering and Applied Science, portions of Montana will experience a 200-percent increase in area burned by wildfires, and an 80-percent increase in related air pollution.', ' The climate in Montana has been getting warmer and is expected to continue doing so. Glaciers in Glacier National Park have receded and are predicted to disappear completely within a few decades. Several Montana cities set new heat records during July 2007, the hottest month ever recorded in Montana. Winters are also warmer now, with fewer cold spells. Previously, these cold spells had helped control bark beetle populations, which are now attacking forests in western Montana. The combination of warmer weather, beetle infestations, and past mismanagement has resulted in more severe forest fires in Montana. According to a study conducted for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency by the Harvard School of Engineering and Applied Science, certain areas of Montana will experience a 200-percent increase in wildfire acreage, and a 80-percent increase in related air pollution.', 0.9904239, 1)
("New York City has more than 2,000 arts and cultural organizations and more than 500 art galleries of all sizes. The city government funds the arts with a larger annual budget than the National Endowment for the Arts. Wealthy business magnates in the 19th century built a network of major cultural institutions, such as the famed Carnegie Hall and The Metropolitan Museum of Art, that would become internationally established. The advent of electric lighting led to elaborate theater productions, and in the 1880s, New York City theaters on Broadway and along 42nd Street began featuring a new stage form that became known as the Broadway musical. Strongly influenced by the city's immigrants, productions such as those of Harrigan and Hart, George M. Cohan, and others used song in narratives that often reflected themes of hope and ambition.", " New York City has over 2,000 art and cultural organizations and more than 500 art galleries of all sizes. The city budget annually funds art more than the National Endowment for the Arts. In the 19th century, wealthy business magnates built a network of prominent cultural institutions, such as the famous Carnegie Hall and The Metropolitan Museum of Art, which would become internationally known. The discovery of electric lighting led to striking theater productions, and in the 1880s, New York City theaters on Broadway and 42nd Street began to show a new theater form, known as the Broadway musical. Strongly influenced by the city's population, productions such as those by Harrigan and Hart, George M. Cohan and others used songs in stories that often reflected themes of hope and ambition.", 0.9904314, 1)
('The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame. It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates. The Rev. Michael J. Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F. Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics. The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928. The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name. Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all. While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"', ' The "Notre Dame Triumph March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame. It was composed by two brothers who graduated from Notre Dame. Father Michael J. Shea, a student from 1904, wrote the music, and his brother, John F. Shea, who graduated in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original text. The text was revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928. The chorus is, "Do you give, do you give for old Notre Dame, awaken the echoes once more, her name to call. Send up a salvo your shout aloud, shake the thunder of heaven off! How eagerly the chances come, old Notre Dame will win over all. While her loyal sons advance, towards victory they go!"', 0.9904752, 0)
("Pelayos' plan was to use the Cantabrian mountains as a place of refuge and protection from the invading Moors. He then aimed to regroup the Iberian Peninsula's Christian armies and use the Cantabrian mountains as a springboard from which to regain their lands from the Moors. In the process, after defeating the Moors in the Battle of Covadonga in 722 AD, Pelayos was proclaimed king, thus founding the Christian Kingdom of Asturias and starting the war of Christian reconquest known in Portuguese as the Reconquista Cristã.", " Pelayo's plan was to use the Cantabrian mountains as a refuge and protection against the invading Moors. He then aimed to gather the armies of the Iberian Peninsula and use the Cantabrian mountains as a springboard from which to regain their lands from the Moors. In the process, after defeating the Moors in the Battle of Covadonga in 722 AD, Pelayo was proclaimed king, thus founding the Christian Kingdom of Asturias and starting the Christian Reconquista.", 0.99048674, 1)
('A solar balloon is a black balloon that is filled with ordinary air. As sunlight shines on the balloon, the air inside is heated and expands causing an upward buoyancy force, much like an artificially heated hot air balloon. Some solar balloons are large enough for human flight, but usage is generally limited to the toy market as the surface-area to payload-weight ratio is relatively high.', ' A solar balloon is a black balloon filled with regular air. When sunlight shines on the balloon, the air inside heats up and expands, causing an upward buoyancy force, just like an artificially heated hot air balloon. Some solar balloons are large enough for human flight, but the application is generally limited to the toy market due to its high surface-area to payload-weight ratio.', 0.9905146, 1)
('In his usurpation of the throne from the Jianwen Emperor (r. 1398–1402), the Yongle Emperor was aided by the Buddhist monk Yao Guangxiao, and like his father, the Hongwu Emperor, the Yongle Emperor was "well-disposed towards Buddhism", claims Rossabi. On March 10, 1403, the Yongle Emperor invited Deshin Shekpa, 5th Karmapa Lama (1384–1415), to his court, even though the fourth Karmapa had rejected the invitation of the Hongwu Emperor. A Tibetan translation in the 16th century preserves the letter of the Yongle Emperor, which the Association for Asian Studies notes is polite and complimentary towards the Karmapa. The letter of invitation reads,', ' In his usurpation of the throne from the Jianwen Emperor (r. 1398-1402), the Yongle Emperor was aided by the Buddhist monk Yao Guangxiao. According to Rossabi, the Yongle Emperor was "well-disposed towards Buddhism," as was his father, the Hongwu Emperor. On March 10, 1403, the Yongle Emperor invited the 5th Karmapa Lama, Deshin Shekpa (1384-1415), to his court, despite the fact that the fourth Karmapa had rejected the invitation of the Hongwu Emperor. A Tibetan translation from the 16th century preserves the letter of the Yongle Emperor, which the Association for Asian Studies notes is polite and complimentary towards the Karmapa. The letter of invitation reads:In his seizure of the throne from the Jianwen Emperor (r. 1398-1402), the Yongle Emperor was aided by the Buddhist monk Yao Guangxiao. According to Rossabi, the Yongle Emperor was "well-disposed towards Buddhism," as was his father, the Hongwu Emperor. On March 10, 1403, the Yongle Emperor invited the 5th Karmapa Lama, Deshin Shekpa (1384-1415), to his court, disregarding the fact that the fourth Karmapa had declined the invitation of the Hongwu Emperor. A Tibetan translation from the 16th century preserves the letter of the Yongle Emperor, which the Association for Asian Studies notes is polite and complimentary towards the Karmapa. The letter of invitation reads:In his taking of the throne from the Jianwen Emperor (r. 1398-1402), the Yongle Emperor was aided by the Buddhist monk Yao Guangxiao. According to Rossabi, the Yongle Emperor was "well-disposed towards Buddhism," as was his father, the Hongwu Emperor. On March 10, 1403, the Yongle Emperor extended an invitation to the 5th', 0.9905192, 1)
('Chopin has figured extensively in Polish literature, both in serious critical studies of his life and music and in fictional treatments. The earliest manifestation was probably an 1830 sonnet on Chopin by Leon Ulrich. French writers on Chopin (apart from Sand) have included Marcel Proust and André Gide; and he has also featured in works of Gottfried Benn and Boris Pasternak. There are numerous biographies of Chopin in English (see bibliography for some of these).', ' Chopin is extensively present in Polish literature, both in serious critical studies about his life and music as well as in fictional accounts. The oldest manifestation was probably a sonnet about Chopin from 1830 by Leon Ulrich. French writers about Chopin, aside from Sand, are Marcel Proust and André Gide. He is also mentioned in works by Gottfried Benn and Boris Pasternak. There are many biographies about Chopbin in English (see bibliography for some of these).', 0.99054354, 1)
('Wylie asserts that this type of censorship of the History of Ming distorts the true picture of the history of Sino-Tibetan relations, while the Ming court granted titles to various lamas regardless of their sectarian affiliations in an ongoing civil war in Tibet between competing Buddhist factions. Wylie argues that Ming titles of "King" granted indiscriminately to various Tibetan lamas or even their disciples should not be viewed as reappointments to earlier Yuan dynasty offices, since the viceregal Sakya regime established by the Mongols in Tibet was overthrown by the Phagmodru myriarchy before the Ming existed.', ' Wylie states that this form of censorship of the History of Ming distorts the true picture of Sino-Tibetan relations. During a civil war in Tibet between competing Buddhist factions, the Ming court granted titles to various Tibetan lamas regardless of their sectarian affiliations. Wylie argues that the Ming titles of "King" granted indiscriminately to various Tibetan lamas or even their disciples should not be viewed as reappointments to earlier Yuan dynasty offices. The viceregal Sakya regime established by the Mongols in Tibet was overthrown by the Phagmodru myriarchy before the Ming existed.', 0.9905478, 1)
("Chopin's mazurkas and waltzes are all in straightforward ternary or episodic form, sometimes with a coda. The mazurkas often show more folk features than many of his other works, sometimes including modal scales and harmonies and the use of drone basses. However, some also show unusual sophistication, for example Op. 63 No. 3, which includes a canon at one beat's distance, a great rarity in music.", ' The mazurkas and waltzes of Chopin are all in a simple ternary or episodic form, sometimes with a coda. The mazurkas often exhibit more folk characteristics than many of his other works, sometimes with modal scales and harmonies and the use of drone basses. However, some also display unusual sophistication, such as Op. 63 No. 3, which includes a canon at one beat distance, a rarity in music.', 0.99064064, 1)
("Beyoncé and her mother introduced House of Deréon, a contemporary women's fashion line, in 2005. The concept is inspired by three generations of women in their family, the name paying tribute to Beyoncé's grandmother, Agnèz Deréon, a respected seamstress. According to Tina, the overall style of the line best reflects her and Beyoncé's taste and style. Beyoncé and her mother founded their family's company Beyond Productions, which provides the licensing and brand management for House of Deréon, and its junior collection, Deréon. House of Deréon pieces were exhibited in Destiny's Child's shows and tours, during their Destiny Fulfilled era. The collection features sportswear, denim offerings with fur, outerwear and accessories that include handbags and footwear, and are available at department and specialty stores across the US and Canada.", " Beyoncé and her mother presented the House of Deréon women's clothing collection in 2005. The concept is inspired by three generations of women in their family, named after Beyoncé's grandmother, Agnès Deréon, a trained seamstress. According to Tina, the entire style of the line fits them best in terms of taste and style. Beyoncé and her mother founded their family business Beyond Productions, which handles the licensing and brand management for House of Deréon and its youth line, Deréon. House of Deréon pieces were showcased in Destiny Child's shows and tours during their Destiny Fulfilled era. The collection includes sportswear, denim offerings with furs, outerwear and accessories, such as handbags and footwear, and is available in general retail stores and specialty boutiques throughout the United States and Canada.", 0.99066865, 1)
('Beyoncé and husband Jay Z are friends with President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama. She performed "America the Beautiful" at the 2009 presidential inauguration, as well as "At Last" during the first inaugural dance at the Neighborhood Ball two days later. Beyoncé and Jay Z held a fundraiser at the latter\'s 40/40 Club in Manhattan for Obama\'s 2012 presidential campaign which raised $4 million. Beyoncé uploaded pictures of her paper ballot on Tumblr, confirming she had voted in support for the Democratic Party and to encourage others to do so. She also performed the American national anthem at his second inauguration, singing along with a pre-recorded track. She publicly endorsed same sex marriage on March 26, 2013, after the Supreme Court debate on California\'s Proposition 8. In July 2013, Beyoncé and Jay-Z attended a rally in response to the acquittal of George Zimmerman for the shooting of Trayvon Martin.', ' Beyoncé and her husband Jay Z are friends of President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama. She "professionalized" "America the Beautiful" during the inauguration of the presidential year 2009, as well as "At Last" during the first inaugural dance at the Neighborhood Ball two days later. Beyoncé and Jay Z organized a fundraiser for Obama\'s 2012 presidential campaign at the 40/40 Club in Manhattan, which raised 4 million dollars. Beyoncé posted photos of her ballot paper on Tumblr, confirming that she had voted for the Democratic Party and to inspire others to do the same. She sang the American national anthem "The Star-Spangled Banner" live during his second inauguration, along with a pre-recorded track. She publicly called for same-sex marriage on March 26, 2013, following the debate over California\'s Proposition 8 in the Supreme Court. In July 2013, Beyoncé and Jay-Z visited a rally in response to the acquittal of George Zimmerman for shooting Trayvon Martin.', 0.9906757, 1)
('The International Organization for Standardization has established a number of standards relating to solar energy equipment. For example, ISO 9050 relates to glass in building while ISO 10217 relates to the materials used in solar water heaters.', ' The International Organization for Standardization has established several standards concerning solar energy equipment. For example, ISO 9050 deals with glass in building, ISO 10217 pertains to the materials used in solar water heaters.', 0.9906775, 1)
('Chopin also endowed popular dance forms with a greater range of melody and expression. Chopin\'s mazurkas, while originating in the traditional Polish dance (the mazurek), differed from the traditional variety in that they were written for the concert hall rather than the dance hall; "it was Chopin who put the mazurka on the European musical map." The series of seven polonaises published in his lifetime (another nine were published posthumously), beginning with the Op. 26 pair (published 1836), set a new standard for music in the form. His waltzes were also written specifically for the salon recital rather than the ballroom and are frequently at rather faster tempos than their dance-floor equivalents.', ' Chopin broadened the scope of popular dance forms in melody and expression. Chopin\'s mazurkas, despite their origin in traditional Polish dance (the mazurka), differed from the traditional variant as they were intended for the concert hall instead of the dance hall; "it was Chopin who placed the mazurka on the European music map." The series of seven polonaises that were published in his lifetime (nine more were published posthumously), starting with Op. 26 pair (published in 1836), set a new standard for music in this form. His waltzes were also specifically intended for the salon recital instead of the ballroom and are often faster than their dance floor equivalents.', 0.99069464, 1)
('The Kushan Empire, a collection of Yuezhi tribes, took control of the region in the first century CE and ruled until the 4th century CE during which time Buddhism, Nestorian Christianity, Zoroastrianism, and Manichaeism were all practiced in the region. Later the Hephthalite Empire, a collection of nomadic tribes, moved into the region and Arabs brought Islam in the early eighth century. Central Asia continued in its role as a commercial crossroads, linking China, the steppes to the north, and the Islamic heartland.', ' The Kushan Empire, a confederation of Yuezhi tribes, gained control of the area around the first century CE and ruled until the fourth century CE. During this period, Buddhism, Nestorian Christianity, Zoroastrianism, and Manichaeism were all practiced in the region. Later, the Hephthalite Empire, a collection of nomadic tribes, took over the area, and Islam was introduced by the Arabs in the early eighth century. Central Asia continued to function as a commercial crossroads, connecting China, the northern steppes, and the Islamic heartland.', 0.9907429, 1)
('Reporters in Chengdu said they saw cracks on walls of some residential buildings in the downtown areas, but no buildings collapsed. Many Beijing office towers were evacuated, including the building housing the media offices for the organizers of the 2008 Summer Olympics. None of the Olympic venues were damaged. Meanwhile, a cargo train carrying 13 petrol tanks derailed in Hui County, Gansu, and caught on fire after the rail was distorted.', ' Reporters in Chengdu reported observing cracks on the walls of certain residential buildings in the city center, but no buildings collapsed. Several office towers in Beijing were evacuated, including the one housing the media offices for the 2008 Summer Olympics organizers. No Olympic venues were harmed. Concurrently, a cargo train transporting 13 petrol tanks derailed in Hui County, Gansu, and ignited after the tracks were deformed.', 0.99075234, 1)
('The Rev. Theodore Hesburgh, C.S.C., (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) of dramatic transformations. In that time the annual operating budget rose by a factor of 18 from $9.7 million to $176.6 million, and the endowment by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funding by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million. Enrollment nearly doubled from 4,979 to 9,600, faculty more than doubled 389 to 950, and degrees awarded annually doubled from 1,212 to 2,500.', 'The Rev. Theodore Hesburgh, C.S.C., (1917–2015) served as president for 35 years (1952–87) and led significant changes during that time. In this period, the annual business management budget increased by a factor of 18 from $9.7 million to $176.6 million, and the fund by a factor of 40 from $9 million to $350 million, and research funds by a factor of 20 from $735,000 to $15 million. Enrollments approached double, from 4,979 to 9,600, and the number of faculty more than doubled from 389 to 950, and annually issued diplomas doubled from 1,212 to 2,500.', 0.9907687, 1)
('In 1897, Frank Shuman, a U.S. inventor, engineer and solar energy pioneer built a small demonstration solar engine that worked by reflecting solar energy onto square boxes filled with ether, which has a lower boiling point than water, and were fitted internally with black pipes which in turn powered a steam engine. In 1908 Shuman formed the Sun Power Company with the intent of building larger solar power plants. He, along with his technical advisor A.S.E. Ackermann and British physicist Sir Charles Vernon Boys, developed an improved system using mirrors to reflect solar energy upon collector boxes, increasing heating capacity to the extent that water could now be used instead of ether. Shuman then constructed a full-scale steam engine powered by low-pressure water, enabling him to patent the entire solar engine system by 1912.', ' In 1897, Frank Shuman, an American inventor, engineer and solar energy pioneer, constructed a small demonstration engine. It functioned by reflecting solar energy onto boxes filled with ether, a substance with a lower boiling point than water. Internally, these boxes were fitted with black pipes that powered a steam engine. In 1908, Shuman established the Sun Power Company with the goal of building larger solar power plants. He, along with his technical advisor A.S.E. Ackermann and British physicist Sir Charles Vernon Boys, developed an enhanced system using mirrors to reflect solar energy onto collector boxes. This significantly increased heating capacity, allowing water to be used instead of ether. Subsequently, Shuman built a full-scale steam engine powered by low-pressure water, enabling him to patent the entire solar engine system by 1912.', 0.9908306, 1)
("China Mobile had more than 2,300 base stations suspended due to power disruption or severe telecommunication traffic congestion. Half of the wireless communications were lost in the Sichuan province. China Unicom's service in Wenchuan and four nearby counties was cut off, with more than 700 towers suspended.", " China Mobile had over 2,300 base stations suspended due to power outages or severe telecommunications traffic congestion. Half of the mobile communication was lost in the Sichuan province. China Unicom's service in Wenchuan and four adjacent counties was cut off, with over 700 towers suspended.", 0.99097586, 1)
("Russian Imperialism led to the Russian Empire's conquest of Central Asia during the late 19th century's Imperial Era. Between 1864 and 1885 Russia gradually took control of the entire territory of Russian Turkestan, the Tajikistan portion of which had been controlled by the Emirate of Bukhara and Khanate of Kokand. Russia was interested in gaining access to a supply of cotton and in the 1870s attempted to switch cultivation in the region from grain to cotton (a strategy later copied and expanded by the Soviets).[citation needed] By 1885 Tajikistan's territory was either ruled by the Russian Empire or its vassal state, the Emirate of Bukhara, nevertheless Tajiks felt little Russian influence.[citation needed]", " Russian imperialism resulted in the Russian Empire's conquest of Central Asia during the late 19th century's Imperial Era. Between 1864 and 1885, Russia gradually gained control of the entire territory of Russian Turkestan, with the Tajikistan region previously under the control of the Emirate of Bukhara and Khanate of Kokand. Russia sought access to a cotton supply and endeavored to shift cultivation in the region from grain to cotton (a strategy later adopted and expanded by the Soviets).By 1885, Tajikistan's territory was either ruled by the Russian Empire or its vassal state, the Emirate of Bukhara, yet Tajiks experienced minimal Russian influence. [Citation needed]", 0.99099207, 1)
('On 3 December, Chopin complained about his bad health and the incompetence of the doctors in Majorca: "Three doctors have visited me ... The first said I was dead; the second said I was dying; and the third said I was about to die." He also had problems having his Pleyel piano sent to him. It finally arrived from Paris in December. Chopin wrote to Pleyel in January 1839: "I am sending you my Preludes [(Op. 28)]. I finished them on your little piano, which arrived in the best possible condition in spite of the sea, the bad weather and the Palma customs." Chopin was also able to undertake work on his Ballade No. 2, Op. 38; two Polonaises, Op. 40; and the Scherzo No. 3, Op. 39.', 'On 3 December, Chopin expressed his concerns about his poor health and the incompetence of the doctors in Majorca: "Three doctors have visited me. The first declared I was dead; the second stated I was dying; and the third asserted I was about to die." He also encountered difficulties in getting his Pleyel piano delivered to him. It eventually arrived from Paris in December. Chopin penned a letter to Pleyel in January 1839: "I am sending you my Preludes [(Op. 28)]. I completed them on your small piano, which arrived in excellent condition despite the sea, the unfavorable weather, and the Palma customs." Chopin was also able to work on his Ballade No. 2, Op. 38; two Polonaises, Op. 40; and the Scherzo No. 3, Op. 39.', 0.99099576, 1)
('Antibacterial antibiotics are commonly classified based on their mechanism of action, chemical structure, or spectrum of activity. Most target bacterial functions or growth processes. Those that target the bacterial cell wall (penicillins and cephalosporins) or the cell membrane (polymyxins), or interfere with essential bacterial enzymes (rifamycins, lipiarmycins, quinolones, and sulfonamides) have bactericidal activities. Those that target protein synthesis (macrolides, lincosamides and tetracyclines) are usually bacteriostatic (with the exception of bactericidal aminoglycosides). Further categorization is based on their target specificity. "Narrow-spectrum" antibacterial antibiotics target specific types of bacteria, such as Gram-negative or Gram-positive bacteria, whereas broad-spectrum antibiotics affect a wide range of bacteria. Following a 40-year hiatus in discovering new classes of antibacterial compounds, four new classes of antibacterial antibiotics have been brought into clinical use in the late 2000s and early 2010s: cyclic lipopeptides (such as daptomycin), glycylcyclines (such as tigecycline), oxazolidinones (such as linezolid), and lipiarmycins (such as fidaxomicin).', 'Antibiotics against bacteria are commonly classified based on their mechanism of action, chemical structure, or spectrum of activity. Most target bacterial functions or growth processes. Those that target the bacterial cell wall (penicillins and cephalosporins) or the cell membrane (polymyxins), or interfere with essential bacterial enzymes (rifamycins, lipiarmycins, quinolones, and sulfonamides) have bactericidal activities. Those that target protein synthesis (macrolides, lincosamides and tetracyclines) are usually bacteriostatic (with the exception of bactericidal aminoglycosides). Further categorization is based on their target specificity. "Narrow-spectrum" antibiotics target specific types of bacteria, such as Gram-negative or Gram-positive bacteria, whereas broad-spectrum antibiotics affect a wide range of bacteria. Following a 40-year hiatus in discovering new classes of antibacterial compounds, four new classes of antibacterial antibiotics have been brought into clinical use in the late 2000s and early 2010s: cyclic lipopeptides (such as daptomycin), glycylcyclines (such as tigecycline), oxazolidinones (such as linezolid), and lipiarmycins (such as fidaxomicin).', 0.9909991, 1)
('In November 2013 MGM and the McClory estate formally settled the issue with Danjaq, LLC—sister company of Eon Productions—with MGM acquiring the full copyright film rights to the concept of Spectre and all of the characters associated with it. With the acquisition of the film rights and the organisation\'s re-introduction to the series\' continuity, the SPECTRE acronym was discarded and the organisation reimagined as "Spectre".', ' In November 2013, MGM officially bought the McClory estate, resolving the issue with Danjaq, LLC—sister company of Eon Productions—giving MGM the full copyright film rights to the concept of Spectre and all associated characters. With the acquisition of the film rights and the reintroduction into the series continuity, the SPECTRE acronym was discarded, and the organization was reimagined as "Spectre".', 0.991039, 1)
('Tajikistan has a population of 7,349,145 (July 2009 est.) of which 70% are under the age of 30 and 35% are between the ages of 14 and 30. Tajiks who speak Tajik (a dialect of Persian) are the main ethnic group, although there are sizable minorities of Uzbeks and Russians, whose numbers are declining due to emigration. The Pamiris of Badakhshan, a small population of Yaghnobi people, and a sizeable minority of Ismailis are all considered to belong to the larger group of Tajiks. All citizens of Tajikistan are called Tajikistanis.', ' Tajikistan has a population of approximately 7,349,145 inhabitants (estimation July 2009), of whom 70% are younger than 30 years and 35% are between 14 and 30 years old. Tajiks, who speak Tajik (a dialect of Persian), form the largest group, although there are significant minorities of Uzbeks and Russians, whose numbers are decreasing due to emigration. The Pamirians of Badakhshan, a small population group of Yaghnobians, and a considerable proportion of Ismailites are all considered part of the larger Tajik group. All citizens of Tajikistan are called Tajikistani citizens.', 0.99103963, 1)
('With the emergence and growth of several science parks throughout the world that helped create many thousands of scientific, technological and knowledge-based businesses, Portugal started to develop several science parks across the country. These include the Taguspark (in Oeiras), the Coimbra iParque (in Coimbra), the biocant (in Cantanhede), the Madeira Tecnopolo (in Funchal), Sines Tecnopolo (in Sines), Tecmaia (in Maia) and Parkurbis (in Covilhã). Companies locate in the Portuguese science parks to take advantage of a variety of services ranging from financial and legal advice through to marketing and technological support.', ' With the rise and growth of various science parks around the world creating thousands of scientific, technological, and knowledge-based companies, Portugal developed several science parks around the country. This includes Taguspark (in Oeiras), Coimbra iParque (in Coimbra), biocant (in Cantanhede), Madeira Tecnopolo (in Funchal), Sines Tecnopolo (in Sines), Tecmaia (in Maia), and Parkurbis (in Covilhã). Companies settle in Portuguese science parks to benefit from a wide range of services, from financial and legal advice to marketing and technological support.', 0.9910555, 1)
('Montana is home to the Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation and has a historic big game hunting tradition. There are fall bow and general hunting seasons for elk, pronghorn antelope, whitetail deer and mule deer. A random draw grants a limited number of permits for moose, mountain goats and bighorn sheep. There is a spring hunting season for black bear and in most years, limited hunting of bison that leave Yellowstone National Park is allowed. Current law allows both hunting and trapping of a specific number of wolves and mountain lions. Trapping of assorted fur bearing animals is allowed in certain seasons and many opportunities exist for migratory waterfowl and upland bird hunting.', ' Montana is the refuge of the Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation and has a historical tradition of hunting big game. There are autumn bow hunting and general hunting seasons for each, pronghorn antelope, white-tailed deer, and mule deer. A lottery determines a limited number of permits for moose, bighorn sheep, and bighorn sheep. There is a spring hunting season for black bears and in most years, limited hunting on bison is allowed that have left Yellowstone National Park. Current legislation allows both hunting and trapping of a specific number of wolves and pumas. Trapping of various fur-bearing animals is allowed in certain seasons and there are many opportunities for hunting migratory birds and waterfowl.', 0.99106216, 1)
('New York City has been described as the cultural capital of the world by the diplomatic consulates of Iceland and Latvia and by New York\'s Baruch College. A book containing a series of essays titled New York, culture capital of the world, 1940–1965 has also been published as showcased by the National Library of Australia. In describing New York, author Tom Wolfe said, "Culture just seems to be in the air, like part of the weather."', ' New York City is described as the cultural capital of the world by the diplomatic consulates of Iceland and Latvia, as well as by New York\'s Baruch College. A book containing a series of essays titled "New York, Cultural Capital of the World, 1940–1965" has also been published, as shown by the National Library of Australia. In describing New York, author Tom Wolfe stated: "Culture seems to be in the air, as if part of the weather."', 0.99107397, 1)
("Possibly the first venture into fictional treatments of Chopin's life was a fanciful operatic version of some of its events. Chopin was written by Giacomo Orefice and produced in Milan in 1901. All the music is derived from that of Chopin.", "Probably, the first fictional account of Chopin's life was an imaginative operatic adaptation of some of its events. Chopin was composed by Giacomo Orefice and premiered in Milan in 1901. All the music is derived from that of Chopin.", 0.9910759, 1)
('Despite being an original story, Spectre draws on Ian Fleming\'s source material, most notably in the character of Franz Oberhauser, played by Christoph Waltz. Oberhauser shares his name with Hannes Oberhauser, a background character in the short story "Octopussy" from the Octopussy and The Living Daylights collection, and who is named in the film as having been a temporary legal guardian of a young Bond in 1983. Similarly, Charmian Bond is shown to have been his full-time guardian, observing the back story established by Fleming. With the acquisition of the rights to Spectre and its associated characters, screenwriters Neal Purvis and Robert Wade revealed that the film would provide a minor retcon to the continuity of the previous films, with the Quantum organisation alluded to in Casino Royale and introduced in Quantum of Solace reimagined as a division within Spectre rather than an independent organisation.', 'Despite being an original story, Spectre takes inspiration from Ian Fleming\'s source material, most notably in the character of Franz Oberhauser, played by Christoph Waltz. Oberhauser shares his name with Hannes Oberhauser, a background character in the short story "Octopussy" from the Octopussy and The Living Daylights collection, and who is named in the film as having been a temporary guardian of a young Bond in 1983. Similarly, Charmian Bond is shown to have been his full-time guardian, according to Fleming\'s back story. With the acquisition of the rights to Spectre and its associated characters, screenwriters Neal Purvis and Robert Wade revealed that the film would provide a minor retcon to the continuity of the previous films. The Quantum organisation, which was hinted at in Casino Royale and introduced in Quantum of Solace, is reimagined as a division within Spectre rather than an independent organisation.', 0.9910775, 1)
('In December, Beyoncé along with a variety of other celebrities teamed up and produced a video campaign for "Demand A Plan", a bipartisan effort by a group of 950 US mayors and others designed to influence the federal government into rethinking its gun control laws, following the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting. Beyoncé became an ambassador for the 2012 World Humanitarian Day campaign donating her song "I Was Here" and its music video, shot in the UN, to the campaign. In 2013, it was announced that Beyoncé would work with Salma Hayek and Frida Giannini on a Gucci "Chime for Change" campaign that aims to spread female empowerment. The campaign, which aired on February 28, was set to her new music. A concert for the cause took place on June 1, 2013 in London and included other acts like Ellie Goulding, Florence and the Machine, and Rita Ora. In advance of the concert, she appeared in a campaign video released on 15 May 2013, where she, along with Cameron Diaz, John Legend and Kylie Minogue, described inspiration from their mothers, while a number of other artists celebrated personal inspiration from other women, leading to a call for submission of photos of women of viewers\' inspiration from which a selection was shown at the concert. Beyoncé said about her mother Tina Knowles that her gift was "finding the best qualities in every human being." With help of the crowdfunding platform Catapult, visitors of the concert could choose between several projects promoting education of women and girls. Beyoncé is also taking part in "Miss a Meal", a food-donation campaign, and supporting Goodwill charity through online charity auctions at Charitybuzz that support job creation throughout Europe and the U.S.', ' In December 2012, Beyoncé and several other celebrities worked on a video campaign for "Ask for Action," a bipartisan initiative of a group of 950 American mayors and others, intended to persuade the federal government to reconsider its gun legislation in the wake of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting. Beyoncé became an ambassador for the 2012 campaign of the World Humanitarian Day and donated her song "I Was Here" and its music video, filmed at the UN, to the campaign. In 2013, it was announced that Beyoncé collaborated with Salma Hayek and Frida Giannini on a Gucci "Chime for Change" campaign, which aims to promote women\'s empowerment. The campaign, which was aired on February 28, 2013, was tied to her new music. A performance for the cause took place on June 1, 2013, in London, and featured other artists such as Ellie Goulding, Florence and the Machine, and Rita Ora. Before the concert, a campaign video was released on May 15, 2013, in which she, along with Cameron Diaz, John Legend, and Kylie Minogue, described inspiration from their mothers, while several other artists celebrated personal inspiration from other women, leading to a call for submitting photos of women who inspired viewers, a selection of which was shown at the concert. Beyoncé said of her mother Tina Knowles that her gift "brings out the best qualities in every person." With the help of the crowdfunding platform Catapult, concert attendees could choose between various projects that promote women\'s and girls\' education. Beyoncé also participates in "Miss a Meal," a food donation campaign, and supports charities through online', 0.99110484, 1)
("Tajiks began to be conscripted into the Soviet Army in 1939 and during World War II around 260,000 Tajik citizens fought against Germany, Finland and Japan. Between 60,000(4%) and 120,000(8%) of Tajikistan's 1,530,000 citizens were killed during World War II. Following the war and Stalin's reign attempts were made to further expand the agriculture and industry of Tajikistan. During 1957–58 Nikita Khrushchev's Virgin Lands Campaign focused attention on Tajikistan, where living conditions, education and industry lagged behind the other Soviet Republics. In the 1980s, Tajikistan had the lowest household saving rate in the USSR, the lowest percentage of households in the two top per capita income groups, and the lowest rate of university graduates per 1000 people. By the late 1980s Tajik nationalists were calling for increased rights. Real disturbances did not occur within the republic until 1990. The following year, the Soviet Union collapsed, and Tajikistan declared its independence.", " Since 1939, Tajiks began to enlist in the Soviet army and during World War II, approximately 260,000 Tajik civilians fought against Germany, Finland, and Japan. Between 60,000 (4%) and 120,000 (8%) of the 1,530,000 citizens of Tajikistan were killed during World War II. After the war and under Stalin's rule, attempts were made to expand agriculture and industry in Tajikistan. Between 1957-58, Nikita Khrushchev launched his Virgin Lands Campaign in Tajikistan, where living conditions, education, and industry lagged behind those of other Soviet republics. In the 1980s, Tajikistan had the lowest household savings rate in the USSR, the lowest percentage of households in the two highest per capita income groups, and the lowest number of university graduates per 1000 people. Towards the end of the 1980s, Tajik nationalists called for more rights. Marital unrest did not occur within the republic until 1990. The following year, the Soviet Union installed itself and Tajikistan declared its independence.", 0.99114645, 1)
('Apple debuted the iTunes Wi-Fi Music Store on September 5, 2007, in its Media Event entitled "The Beat Goes On...". This service allows users to access the Music Store from either an iPhone or an iPod Touch and download songs directly to the device that can be synced to the user\'s iTunes Library over a WiFi connection, or, in the case of an iPhone, the telephone network.', ' Apple introduced on September 5, 2007, at its Media Event named "The Beat Goes On...", the iTunes Wi-Fi Music Store. This service grants users access to the Music Store from either an iPhone or an iPod Touch, enabling them to download songs directly to the device. These downloaded songs can then be synced to the users iTunes Library over a WiFi connection, or, in the case of an iPhone, through the telephone network.', 0.99116254, 1)
('New York has been described as the "Capital of Baseball". There have been 35 Major League Baseball World Series and 73 pennants won by New York teams. It is one of only five metro areas (Los Angeles, Chicago, Baltimore–Washington, and the San Francisco Bay Area being the others) to have two baseball teams. Additionally, there have been 14 World Series in which two New York City teams played each other, known as a Subway Series and occurring most recently in 2000. No other metropolitan area has had this happen more than once (Chicago in 1906, St. Louis in 1944, and the San Francisco Bay Area in 1989). The city\'s two current Major League Baseball teams are the New York Mets, who play at Citi Field in Queens, and the New York Yankees, who play at Yankee Stadium in the Bronx. who compete in six games of interleague play every regular season that has also come to be called the Subway Series. The Yankees have won a record 27 championships, while the Mets have won the World Series twice. The city also was once home to the Brooklyn Dodgers (now the Los Angeles Dodgers), who won the World Series once, and the New York Giants (now the San Francisco Giants), who won the World Series five times. Both teams moved to California in 1958. There are also two Minor League Baseball teams in the city, the Brooklyn Cyclones and Staten Island Yankees.', ' New York is referred to as the "Capital of Baseball." There have been 35 Major League Baseball World Series and 73 pennants won by New York teams. It is one of the five metropolitan areas (Los Angeles, Chicago, Baltimore-Washington, and the San Francisco Bay Area being the others) to have two baseball teams. Furthermore, there have been 14 World Series in which two New York City teams faced each other, known as a Subway Series, most recently in 2000. No other metropolitan area has experienced this more than once (Chicago in 1906, St. Louis in 1944, and the San Francisco Bay Area in 1989). The city\'s two current Major League Baseball teams are the New York Mets, who play at Citi Field in Queens, and the New York Yankees, who play at Yankee Stadium in The Bronx. They compete in six games of interleague play every regular season, also known as the Subway Series. The Yankees hold the record with 27 championships, while the Mets have won the World Series twice. The city once housed the Brooklyn Dodgers (now the Los Angeles Dodgers), who won the World Series once, and the New York Giants (now the San Francisco Giants), who won the World Series five times. Both teams relocated to California in 1958. There are also two Minor League Baseball teams in the city, the Brooklyn Cyclones and Staten Island Yankees.', 0.99116737, 1)
('Montana contains thousands of named rivers and creeks, 450 miles (720 km) of which are known for "blue-ribbon" trout fishing. Montana\'s water resources provide for recreation, hydropower, crop and forage irrigation, mining, and water for human consumption. Montana is one of few geographic areas in the world whose rivers form parts of three major watersheds (i.e. where two continental divides intersect). Its rivers feed the Pacific Ocean, the Gulf of Mexico, and Hudson Bay. The watersheds divide at Triple Divide Peak in Glacier National Park.', ' Montana contains thousands of named rivers and streams, approximately 720 km of which are known for "blue ribbon" trout fishing. Montana\'s water sources provide recreation, hydropower, crop and forage irrigation, mining, and water for human consumption. Montana is one of a few geographical areas in the world Whose rivers form the three major drainage basins (i.e. where two continental divisions intersect). Its rivers feed the Pacific Ocean, the Gulf of Mexico, and Hudson Bay. The drainage basins divide at Triple Divide Peak in Glacier National Park.', 0.9912006, 1)
("Over 600,000 students are enrolled in New York City's over 120 higher education institutions, the highest number of any city in the United States, including over half million in the City University of New York (CUNY) system alone in 2014. In 2005, three out of five Manhattan residents were college graduates, and one out of four had a postgraduate degree, forming one of the highest concentrations of highly educated people in any American city. New York City is home to such notable private universities as Barnard College, Columbia University, Cooper Union, Fordham University, New York University, New York Institute of Technology, Pace University, and Yeshiva University. The public CUNY system is one of the largest universities in the nation, comprising 24 institutions across all five boroughs: senior colleges, community colleges, and other graduate/professional schools. The public State University of New York (SUNY) system also serves New York City, as well as the rest of the state. The city also has other smaller private colleges and universities, including many religious and special-purpose institutions, such as St. John's University, The Juilliard School, Manhattan College, The College of Mount Saint Vincent, The New School, Pratt Institute, The School of Visual Arts, The King's College, and Wagner College.", "Over 600,000 students are enrolled in New York City's over 120 higher education institutions, making it the city with the highest number of students in the United States. Over 500,000 of these students are enrolled in the CUNY system alone in 2014. In 2005, approximately 60% of Manhattan residents held a college degree, and 25% had a postgraduate degree, forming one of the highest concentrations of highly educated people in any American city. New York is home to several renowned private universities, such as Barnard College, Columbia University, Cooper Union, Fordham University, New York University, New York Institute of Technology, Pace University, and Yeshiva University. The public CUNY system, which comprises 24 institutions across all five boroughs, includes senior colleges, community colleges, and other graduate/professional schools. The public State University of New York (SUNY) system also serves New York City, as well as the rest of the state. The city also hosts several smaller private colleges and universities, including many religious and special-purpose institutions, such as St. John's University, The Juilliard School, Manhattan College, The College of Mount Saint Vincent, The New School, Pratt Institute, The School of Visual Arts, The King's College, and Wagner College.", 0.9912139, 1)
('Marsha Weidner states that Deshin Shekpa\'s miracles "testified to the power of both the emperor and his guru and served as a legitimizing tool for the emperor\'s problematic succession to the throne," referring to the Yongle Emperor\'s conflict with the previous Jianwen Emperor. Tsai writes that Deshin Shekpa aided the legitimacy of the Yongle Emperor\'s rule by providing him with portents and omens which demonstrated Heaven\'s favor of the Yongle Emperor on the Ming throne.', 'Marsha Weidner states that Deshin Shekpa\'s miracles "testified to the power of both the emperor and his guru and served as a legitimizing tool for the Yongle Emperor\'s problematic succession to the throne," referring to the Yongle Emperor\'s conflict with the previous Jianwen Emperor. Tsai writes that Deshin Shekpa strengthened the legitimacy of the Yongle Emperor\'s rule by giving him portents and omens which demonstrated Heaven\'s favor of the Yongle Emperor on the Ming throne.', 0.9912273, 1)
("Each year HHC's facilities provide about 225,000 admissions, one million emergency room visits and five million clinic visits to New Yorkers. HHC facilities treat nearly one-fifth of all general hospital discharges and more than one third of emergency room and hospital-based clinic visits in New York City.", ' Every year, HHC facilities provide approximately 225,000 admissions, one million emergency room visits, and five million clinic visits to New Yorkers. HHC facilities treat nearly one-fifth of all general hospital discharges and more than one third of emergency room and hospital-based clinic visits in New York City.Therefore, HHC facilities account for approximately 225,000 admissions, 1,000,000 emergency room visits, and 5,000,000 clinic visits annually for New Yorkers. HHC facilities handle nearly one-fifth of all general hospital discharges and over one-third of emergency room and hospital-based clinic visits in New York City.', 0.9912324, 1)
("Major tourist destinations include Times Square; Broadway theater productions; the Empire State Building; the Statue of Liberty; Ellis Island; the United Nations Headquarters; museums such as the Metropolitan Museum of Art; greenspaces such as Central Park and Washington Square Park; Rockefeller Center; the Manhattan Chinatown; luxury shopping along Fifth and Madison Avenues; and events such as the Halloween Parade in Greenwich Village; the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade; the lighting of the Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree; the St. Patrick's Day parade; seasonal activities such as ice skating in Central Park in the wintertime; the Tribeca Film Festival; and free performances in Central Park at Summerstage. Major attractions in the boroughs outside Manhattan include Flushing Meadows-Corona Park and the Unisphere in Queens; the Bronx Zoo; Coney Island, Brooklyn; and the New York Botanical Garden in the Bronx. The New York Wheel, a 630-foot ferris wheel, was under construction at the northern shore of Staten Island in 2015, overlooking the Statue of Liberty, New York Harbor, and the Lower Manhattan skyline.", " Important tourist attractions are Times Square; Broadway-theater productions; the Empire State Building; the Statue of Liberty; Ellis Island; the United Nations Headquarters; museums such as the Metropolitan Museum of Art; green spaces like Central Park and Washington Square Park; Rockefeller Center; Chinatown in Manhattan; luxury shopping along Fifth and Madison Avenues; and events such as the Halloween Parade in Greenwich Village; the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade; the switching on of the Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree; the St. Patrick's Island Parade; seasonal activities like ice skating in Central Park in wintertime; the Tribeca Film Festival; and free performances in Central Park by Summerstage. Important attractions outside of Manhattan are Flushing Meadows-Corona Park and the Unisphere in Queens; the Bronx Zoo; Coney Island, Brooklyn; and the New York Botanical Garden in the Bronx. The New York Wheel, a 630-foot tall freestanding Ferris wheel, was under construction on the north shore of Staten Island in 2015, overlooking the Statue of Liberty, New York Harbor, and the Lower Manhattan skyline.", 0.9912545, 1)
("The exact nature of relations between Tibet and the Ming dynasty of China (1368–1644) is unclear. Analysis of the relationship is further complicated by modern political conflicts and the application of Westphalian sovereignty to a time when the concept did not exist. Some Mainland Chinese scholars, such as Wang Jiawei and Nyima Gyaincain, assert that the Ming dynasty had unquestioned sovereignty over Tibet, pointing to the Ming court's issuing of various titles to Tibetan leaders, Tibetans' full acceptance of these titles, and a renewal process for successors of these titles that involved traveling to the Ming capital. Scholars within China also argue that Tibet has been an integral part of China since the 13th century and that it was thus a part of the Ming Empire. But most scholars outside China, such as Turrell V. Wylie, Melvin C. Goldstein, and Helmut Hoffman, say that the relationship was one of suzerainty, that Ming titles were only nominal, that Tibet remained an independent region outside Ming control, and that it simply paid tribute until the Jiajing Emperor (1521–1566), who ceased relations with Tibet.", ' The exact development of the relations between Tibet and the Ming dynasty of China (1368-1644) is unclear. The analysis of the relationship is further complicated by modern political conflicts and the application of Westphalian sovereignty to a period when the concept did not exist. Some Chinese scholars, such as Wang Jiawei and Nyima Gyaincain, claim that the Ming dynasty had undisputed sovereignty over Tibet, pointing to the issuance of various titles by the Ming court to Tibetan leaders, the full acceptance of these titles by the Tibetans, and a succession process involving journeys to the Ming capital. Chinese scholars also argue that Tibet has been an integral part of China since the 13th century and thus a part of the Ming Empire. However, most scholars outside China, such as Turrell V. Wylie, Melvin C. Goldstein, and Helmut Hoffman, argue that the relationship was a vassal relationship, that Ming titles were merely formal, that Tibet remained an independent territory outside Ming control, and that it paid taxes only up to the Jiajing emperor (1521-1566), who ended contacts with Tibet.', 0.99126273, 1)
('The Hudson River flows through the Hudson Valley into New York Bay. Between New York City and Troy, New York, the river is an estuary. The Hudson River separates the city from the U.S. state of New Jersey. The East River—a tidal strait—flows from Long Island Sound and separates the Bronx and Manhattan from Long Island. The Harlem River, another tidal strait between the East and Hudson Rivers, separates most of Manhattan from the Bronx. The Bronx River, which flows through the Bronx and Westchester County, is the only entirely fresh water river in the city.', ' The Hudson River flows through the Hudson Valley towards New York Bay. Between New York City and Troy, New York, the river is an estuary. The Hudson River separates the city from the American state of New Jersey. The Eastern River - a tidal stream - flows from Long Island Sound and separates the Bronx and Manhattan from Long Island. The Harlem River, another tidal stream between the Eastern and Hudson Rivers, separates the largest part of Manhattan from the Bronx. The Bronx River, which flows through the Bronx and Westchester County, is the only completely freshwater river in the city.', 0.99129075, 1)
("In April 2013, the Infectious Disease Society of America (IDSA) reported that the weak antibiotic pipeline does not match bacteria's increasing ability to develop resistance. Since 2009, only 2 new antibiotics were approved in the United States. The number of new antibiotics approved for marketing per year declines continuously. The report identified seven antibiotics against the Gram-negative bacilli (GNB) currently in phase 2 or phase 3 clinical trials. However, these drugs do not address the entire spectrum of resistance of GNB. Some of these antibiotics are combination of existent treatments:", " In April 2013, the Infectious Disease Society of America (IDSA) reported that the weak antibiotic pipeline cannot keep up with bacteria's increasing ability to develop resistance. Since 2009, only 2 new antibiotics have been approved in the United States. The number of new antibiotics approved for marketing per year continues to decline. The report identified 7 antibiotics against the Gram-negative bacilli (GNB) currently in phase 2 or phase 3 clinical trials. However, these drugs do not address the entire spectrum of resistance of GNB. Some of these antibiotics are combinations of existing treatments.", 0.9912995, 1)
("In 1919 Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years he produced an academic revolution that brought the school up to national standards by adopting the elective system and moving away from the university's traditional scholastic and classical emphasis. By contrast, the Jesuit colleges, bastions of academic conservatism, were reluctant to move to a system of electives. Their graduates were shut out of Harvard Law School for that reason. Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams. By 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school. The university continued to expand and add new residence halls and buildings with each subsequent president.", ' In 1919, Father James Burns became president of Notre Dame, and in three years, he brought about an academic revolution that raised the school to national standards by adopting the system of elective courses and distancing from the traditional scholastic and classical emphasis of the university. In contrast, the Jesuit colleges, strongholds of academic conservatism, were reluctant to switch to an elective system. Their graduates were rejected from Harvard Law School because of this. Notre Dame continued to grow over the years, adding more colleges, programs, and sports teams. In 1921, with the addition of the College of Commerce, Notre Dame had grown from a small college to a university with five colleges and a professional law school. The university continued to expand and added residential buildings and structures with each subsequent president.', 0.9913069, 1)
("Manhattan's skyline, with its many skyscrapers, is universally recognized, and the city has been home to several of the tallest buildings in the world. As of 2011, New York City had 5,937 high-rise buildings, of which 550 completed structures were at least 330 feet (100 m) high, both second in the world after Hong Kong, with over 50 completed skyscrapers taller than 656 feet (200 m). These include the Woolworth Building (1913), an early gothic revival skyscraper built with massively scaled gothic detailing.", " New York City's skyline, famous for its numerous skyscrapers, is globally recognized. The city was home to several of the tallest buildings in the world as of 2011. New York City had 5,937 high-rise buildings, of which 550 completed structures stood at least 330 feet (100 m) high, second only to Hong Kong with over 50 completed skyscrapers surpassing 656 feet (200 m). These included the Woolworth Building (1913), an early gothic revival skyscraper adorned with massively scaled gothic detailing.", 0.99130964, 1)
('The second part of the novel deals with what book reviewer Harding LeMay termed "the spirit-corroding shame of the civilized white Southerner in the treatment of the Negro". In the years following its release, many reviewers considered To Kill a Mockingbird a novel primarily concerned with race relations. Claudia Durst Johnson considers it "reasonable to believe" that the novel was shaped by two events involving racial issues in Alabama: Rosa Parks\' refusal to yield her seat on a city bus to a white person, which sparked the 1955 Montgomery Bus Boycott, and the 1956 riots at the University of Alabama after Autherine Lucy and Polly Myers were admitted (Myers eventually withdrew her application and Lucy was expelled, but reinstated in 1980). In writing about the historical context of the novel\'s construction, two other literary scholars remark: "To Kill a Mockingbird was written and published amidst the most significant and conflict-ridden social change in the South since the Civil War and Reconstruction. Inevitably, despite its mid-1930s setting, the story told from the perspective of the 1950s voices the conflicts, tensions, and fears induced by this transition."', ' The second part of the book is about what reviewer Harding LeMay called "the corroding shame of the civilized white Southerner in his treatment of the Negro". After its publication, many reviewers saw To Kill a Mockingbird primarily as a novel about race relations. Claudia Durst Johnson finds it "reasonable to believe" that the novel was influenced by two racial issues in Alabama: Rosa Parks refusal to give up her seat on a city bus to a white person, which sparked the 1955 Montgomery Bus Boycott, and the 1956 riots at the University of Alabama after Autherine Lucy and Polly Myers applied. In writing about the historical context of the novel\'s construction, two literary scholars note: "To Kill a Mockingbird was written and published during the most significant and conflict-ridden social change in the South since the Civil War and Reconstruction. Inevitably, despite its mid-1930s setting, the story told from the perspective of the 1950s voices the conflicts, tensions, and fears induced by this transition."', 0.99132705, 1)
('The Head of State of Portugal is the President of the Republic, elected to a five-year term by direct, universal suffrage. He or she has also supervision and reserve powers. These powers are often compared[by whom?] with the "moderator power" that was held by the King in the Portuguese Constitutional Monarchy.[citation needed] Presidential powers include the appointment of the Prime Minister and the other members of the Government (where the President takes into account the results of legislative elections); dismissing the Prime Minister; dissolving the Assembly of the Republic (to call early elections); vetoing legislation (which may be overridden by the Assembly with a supermajority); and declaring a state of war or siege. The President is also the ex officio Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces.', ' The President of the Republic in Portugal is the Head of State, elected for a five-year term through direct and universal suffrage. The President holds supervision and reserve powers. These powers are frequently compared [to what?] with the "moderator power" that the King possessed in the Portuguese Constitutional Monarchy [Citation needed]. The presidential powers encompass the appointment of the Prime Minister and other Government members (considering legislative election results); dismissing the Prime Minister; dissolving the Assembly of the Republic (for early elections); vetoing legislation (which can be overridden by the Assembly with a supermajority); and declaring a state of war or siege. The President is also the ex officio Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces.', 0.99132717, 1)
("Dreyfus writes that after the Phagmodrupa lost its centralizing power over Tibet in 1434, several attempts by other families to establish hegemonies failed over the next two centuries until 1642 with the 5th Dalai Lama's effective hegemony over Tibet.", ' Dreyfus writes that after the Phagmodrupa lost its centralizing power over Tibet in 1434, several attempts by other families to establish hegemonies failed over the next two centuries. This continued until 1642 when the effective hegemony of the 5th Dalai Lama over Tibet came into being.', 0.99137706, 1)
('In India, it was reported that the Indian Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) censored kissing scenes featuring Monica Bellucci, Daniel Craig, and Léa Seydoux. They also muted all profanity. This prompted criticism of the board online, especially on Twitter.', ' In India, reports indicate that the Central Film Certification Board (CBFC) in India censored kissing scenes involving Monica Bellucci, Daniel Craig and Léa Seydoux. All profanity was also muted. This resulted in criticism of the board online, specifically on Twitter.', 0.99139583, 1)
("New York City also has an extensive web of expressways and parkways, which link the city's boroughs to each other as well as to northern New Jersey, Westchester County, Long Island, and southwestern Connecticut through various bridges and tunnels. Because these highways serve millions of outer borough and suburban residents who commute into Manhattan, it is quite common for motorists to be stranded for hours in traffic jams that are a daily occurrence, particularly during rush hour.", " New York City has an extensive network of expressways and parkways, which connect the city's boroughs to each other as well as to northern New Jersey, Westchester County, Long Island, and southwestern Connecticut through various bridges and tunnels. Because these highways serve millions of outer borough and suburban residents who commute into Manhattan, it is quite common for motorists to be stranded for hours in traffic jams that are a daily occurrence, particularly during rush hour.Therefore, New York City has an intricate system of expressways and parkways that links its boroughs together and to neighboring areas of New Jersey, Westchester County, Long Island, and southwestern Connecticut. These highways cater to the millions of outer borough and suburban residents who commute into Manhattan, leading to frequent traffic jams that can last for hours, especially during rush hour.", 0.99142927, 1)
('Sporadic use of the term for some of the subject matter occurred subsequently, such as the use by Étienne Serres in 1838 to describe the natural history, or paleontology, of man, based on comparative anatomy, and the creation of a chair in anthropology and ethnography in 1850 at the National Museum of Natural History (France) by Jean Louis Armand de Quatrefages de Bréau. Various short-lived organizations of anthropologists had already been formed. The Société Ethnologique de Paris, the first to use Ethnology, was formed in 1839. Its members were primarily anti-slavery activists. When slavery was abolished in France in 1848 the Société was abandoned.', ' Sporadic use of the term for some subjects occurred subsequently, such as the use by Étienne Serres in 1838 to describe the natural history, or paleontology, of man, based on comparative anatomy. And the creation of a chair in anthropology and ethnography in 1850 at the National Museum of Natural History (France) by Jean Louis Armand de Quatrefages de Bréau. Various short-lived organizations of anthropologists had already been formed. The Société Ethnologique de Paris, the first to use Ethnology, was formed in 1839. Its members were primarily anti-slavery activists. When slavery was abolished in France in 1848 the Société was abandoned.', 0.9914444, 1)
('In 2006, Beyoncé introduced her all-female tour band Suga Mama (also the name of a song in B\'Day) which includes bassists, drummers, guitarists, horn players, keyboardists and percussionists. Her background singers, The Mamas, consist of Montina Cooper-Donnell, Crystal Collins and Tiffany Moniqué Riddick. They made their debut appearance at the 2006 BET Awards and re-appeared in the music videos for "Irreplaceable" and "Green Light". The band have supported Beyoncé in most subsequent live performances, including her 2007 concert tour The Beyoncé Experience, 2009–2010 I Am... World Tour and 2013–2014 The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour.', ' In 2006, Beyoncé presented her all-female backing band Suga Mama, whose name is also that of a song on BDay. The band consists of bass guitarists, drummers, guitarists, trumpet players, keyboardists, and percussionists. Her background singers, The Mamas, include Montina Cooper-Donnell, Crystal Collins, and Tiffany Moniqué Riddick. They made their debut at the BET Awards in 2006 and appeared again in the music videos for "Irreplaceable" and "Green Light". The band has supported Beyoncé in most of her subsequent live performances, including her 2007 The Beyoncé Experience World Tour, 2009–2010 I Am... World Tour, and 2013–2014 The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour.', 0.9914853, 1)
('The Homestead Act of 1862 provided free land to settlers who could claim and "prove-up" 160 acres (0.65 km2) of federal land in the midwest and western United States. Montana did not see a large influx of immigrants from this act because 160 acres was usually insufficient to support a family in the arid territory. The first homestead claim under the act in Montana was made by David Carpenter near Helena in 1868. The first claim by a woman was made near Warm Springs Creek by Miss Gwenllian Evans, the daughter of Deer Lodge Montana Pioneer, Morgan Evans. By 1880, there were farms in the more verdant valleys of central and western Montana, but few on the eastern plains.', ' The Homestead Act of 1862 provided free land to settlers who could claim and prove ownership of 160 acres (0.65 km²) of federal land in the midwest and western United States. Montana did not experience significant immigration from this act as 160 acres were typically insufficient to support a family in the arid territory. The first homestead claim under the act in Montana was made by David Carpenter near Helena in 1868. The first claim by a woman was made near Warm Springs Creek by Miss Gwenllian Evans, the daughter of Deer Lodge Montana Pioneer, Morgan Evans. By 1880, there were farms in the more verdant valleys of central and western Montana, but few on the eastern plains.', 0.99150085, 1)
('Prior Zelda games have employed a theme of two separate, yet connected, worlds. In A Link to the Past, Link travels between a "Light World" and a "Dark World"; in Ocarina of Time, as well as in Oracle of Ages, Link travels between two different time periods. The Zelda team sought to reuse this motif in the series\' latest installment. It was suggested that Link transform into a wolf, much like he metamorphoses into a rabbit in the Dark World of A Link to the Past.[m] The story of the game was created by Aonuma, and later underwent several changes by scenario writers Mitsuhiro Takano and Aya Kyogoku. Takano created the script for the story scenes, while Kyogoku and Takayuki Ikkaku handled the actual in-game script. Aonuma left his team working on the new idea while he directed The Minish Cap for the Game Boy Advance. When he returned, he found the Twilight Princess team struggling. Emphasis on the parallel worlds and the wolf transformation had made Link\'s character unbelievable. Aonuma also felt the gameplay lacked the caliber of innovation found in Phantom Hourglass, which was being developed with touch controls for the Nintendo DS. At the same time, the Wii was under development with the code name "Revolution". Miyamoto thought that the Revolution\'s pointing device, the Wii Remote, was well suited for aiming arrows in Zelda, and suggested that Aonuma consider using it.[n]', 'In previous Zelda games, a theme of two separate, yet connected, worlds has been used. In A Link to the Past, Link goes back and forth between a "Light World" and a "Dark World"; in Ocarina of Time, as well as in Oracle of Ages, Link goes back and forth between two different time periods. The Zelda team sought to reuse this theme in the latest installment of the series. It was proposed that Link transforms into a wolf, just as he does in the Dark World of A Link to the Past into a rabbit.[m]The story of the game was created by Aonuma, and later underwent various changes by scenario writers Mitsuhiro Takano and Aya Kyogoku. Takano wrote the script for the storylines, while Kyogoku and Takayuki Ikkaku wrote the actual in-game script. Aonuma let his team work on the new idea while he directed The Minish Cap for the Game Boy Advance. When he returned, he found the Twilight Princess team in disarray. The emphasis on parallel worlds and the wolf transformation made Link\'s character unbelievable. Aonuma also felt that the gameplay did not have the level of innovation of Phantom Hourglass, which was developed with touch controls for the Nintendo DS. At the same time, the Wii was in development with the codename "Revolution". Miyamoto thought that the Revolution device, the Wii Remote, was good for aiming arrows in Zelda, and suggested that Aonuma consider this. [n].', 0.99150527, 1)
('In the precolonial era, the area of present-day New York City was inhabited by various bands of Algonquian tribes of Native Americans, including the Lenape, whose homeland, known as Lenapehoking, included Staten Island; the western portion of Long Island, including the area that would become Brooklyn and Queens; Manhattan; the Bronx; and the Lower Hudson Valley.', 'In the precolonial era, the area of present-day New York City was inhabited by various Algonquian tribes of Native Americans, among which were the Lenape. Their homeland, called Lenapehoking, encompassed Staten Island; the western part of Long Island, which later became Brooklyn and Queens; Manhattan; The Bronx; and the Lower Hudson Valley.', 0.9915249, 1)
('A reconciliation of these views is suggested by William Atwood: "Undoubtedly [Chopin\'s] use of traditional musical forms like the polonaise and mazurka roused nationalistic sentiments and a sense of cohesiveness amongst those Poles scattered across Europe and the New World ... While some sought solace in [them], others found them a source of strength in their continuing struggle for freedom. Although Chopin\'s music undoubtedly came to him intuitively rather than through any conscious patriotic design, it served all the same to symbolize the will of the Polish people ..."', ' William Atwood proposes a reconciliation of these views: "Without a doubt Chopin\'s use of traditional musical forms such as the polonaise and mazurka stirred up nationalistic sentiments and a sense of unity among the Poles scattered across Europe and the New World ... While some found solace in [them], others found them a source of strength in their continuing struggle for freedom. Although Chopin\'s music undoubtedly came to him intuitively rather than through any conscious patriotic design, it served all the same to symbolize the will of the Polish people."', 0.99152994, 1)
('The city receives 49.9 inches (1,270 mm) of precipitation annually, which is fairly spread throughout the year. Average winter snowfall between 1981 and 2010 has been 25.8 inches (66 cm), but this varies considerably from year to year. Hurricanes and tropical storms are rare in the New York area, but are not unheard of and always have the potential to strike the area. Hurricane Sandy brought a destructive storm surge to New York City on the evening of October 29, 2012, flooding numerous streets, tunnels, and subway lines in Lower Manhattan and other areas of the city and cutting off electricity in many parts of the city and its suburbs. The storm and its profound impacts have prompted the discussion of constructing seawalls and other coastal barriers around the shorelines of the city and the metropolitan area to minimize the risk of destructive consequences from another such event in the future.', ' The city receives annually 49.9 inches (1,270 mm) of precipitation, which is fairly evenly distributed throughout the year. On average, snowfall between 1981 and 2010 was 25.8 inches (66 cm), but it varies greatly from year to year. Orkanas and tropical storms rarely occur in the New York region, but they are not unknown and can always strike the region. Hurricane Sandy brought a devastating storm surge to New York City on the evening of October 29, 2012, causing many streets, tunnels, and subway lines in Lower Manhattan and other city areas to flood and electricity to go out in many parts of the city and its suburbs. The storm and its severe consequences led to plans for building seawalls and other coastal barriers along the city and metropolitan area coastlines to reduce the chance of such damaging effects from future similar events.', 0.99156016, 1)
('Vaccines rely on immune modulation or augmentation. Vaccination either excites or reinforces the immune competence of a host to ward off infection, leading to the activation of macrophages, the production of antibodies, inflammation, and other classic immune reactions. Antibacterial vaccines have been responsible for a drastic reduction in global bacterial diseases. Vaccines made from attenuated whole cells or lysates have been replaced largely by less reactogenic, cell-free vaccines consisting of purified components, including capsular polysaccharides and their conjugates, to protein carriers, as well as inactivated toxins (toxoids) and proteins.', ' Vaccines work on immune modification or enhancement. Vaccination stimulates or reinforces the immune competence of the host to fight off infection, leading to the activation of macrophages, production of antibodies, inflammation and other classic immune responses. Antibacterial vaccines have caused a significant reduction in global bacterial diseases. Vaccines made from attenuated whole cells or lysates have largely been replaced by less reactogenic, cell-free vaccines consisting of purified components, including capsular polysaccharides and their conjugates, to protein carriers, as well as inactivated toxins (toxoids) and proteins.', 0.9915904, 1)
('Much of the scientific research in the city is done in medicine and the life sciences. New York City has the most post-graduate life sciences degrees awarded annually in the United States, with 127 Nobel laureates having roots in local institutions as of 2004; while in 2012, 43,523 licensed physicians were practicing in New York City. Major biomedical research institutions include Memorial Sloan–Kettering Cancer Center, Rockefeller University, SUNY Downstate Medical Center, Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Mount Sinai School of Medicine, and Weill Cornell Medical College, being joined by the Cornell University/Technion-Israel Institute of Technology venture on Roosevelt Island.', ' A large part of scientific research in the city is conducted in medicine and the life sciences. New York City grants the most post-graduate life sciences degrees annually in the United States, with 127 Nobel laureates having ties to local institutions as of 2004; while in 2012, 43,523 licensed physicians were practicing in New York City. Major biomedical research institutions include Memorial Sloan–Kettering Cancer Center, Rockefeller University, SUNY Downstate Medical Center, Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Mount Sinai School of Medicine, and Weill Cornell Medical College. The Cornell University/Technion-Israel Institute of Technology venture on Roosevelt Island also joins them.', 0.9915966, 1)
('Beyoncé is believed to have first started a relationship with Jay Z after a collaboration on "\'03 Bonnie & Clyde", which appeared on his seventh album The Blueprint 2: The Gift & The Curse (2002). Beyoncé appeared as Jay Z\'s girlfriend in the music video for the song, which would further fuel speculation of their relationship. On April 4, 2008, Beyoncé and Jay Z were married without publicity. As of April 2014, the couple have sold a combined 300 million records together. The couple are known for their private relationship, although they have appeared to become more relaxed in recent years. Beyoncé suffered a miscarriage in 2010 or 2011, describing it as "the saddest thing" she had ever endured. She returned to the studio and wrote music in order to cope with the loss. In April 2011, Beyoncé and Jay Z traveled to Paris in order to shoot the album cover for her 4, and unexpectedly became pregnant in Paris.', ' Beyoncé is supposedly said to have started her first relationship with Jay Z after a collaboration on "03 Bonnie & Clyde," which appeared on his seventh album The Blueprint 2: The Gift & The Curse (2002). Beyoncé appeared as Jay Z\'s friend in the music video for the song, fueling suspicions about their relationship further. On April 4, 2008, Beyoncé and Jay Z married without fanfare. Since April 2014, the couple has sold 300 million records together. The couple is known for their private lives, but they have been a little more open in recent years. In 2010 or 2011, Beyoncé experienced a miscarriage, which she described as "the saddest thing" she had ever been through. She returned to the studio and wrote music to process the loss. In April 2011, Beyoncé and Jay Z traveled to Paris to take the album cover photo for her 4, and unexpectedly, she became pregnant in Paris.', 0.991669, 1)
('iPods have won several awards ranging from engineering excellence,[not in citation given] to most innovative audio product, to fourth best computer product of 2006. iPods often receive favorable reviews; scoring on looks, clean design, and ease of use. PC World says that iPod line has "altered the landscape for portable audio players". Several industries are modifying their products to work better with both the iPod line and the AAC audio format. Examples include CD copy-protection schemes, and mobile phones, such as phones from Sony Ericsson and Nokia, which play AAC files rather than WMA.', ' iPods have received numerous awards, from engineering excellence [no citation given], to most innovative audio product, to the fourth best computer product of 2006. iPods frequently receive positive reviews, scoring high on aesthetics, clean design, and ease of use. PC World states that the iPod line has "changed the landscape for portable audio players". Several industries are adapting their products to work more effectively with both the iPod line and the AAC audio format. Examples include CD copy-protection schemes, and mobile phones, such as phones from Sony Ericsson and Nokia, which play AAC files instead of WMA.', 0.99168205, 1)
("Because of its Catholic identity, a number of religious buildings stand on campus. The Old College building has become one of two seminaries on campus run by the Congregation of Holy Cross. The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located on the spot of Fr. Sorin's original church, which became too small for the growing college. It is built in French Revival style and it is decorated by stained glass windows imported directly from France. The interior was painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter invited by Fr. Sorin to be artist in residence. The Basilica also features a bell tower with a carillon. Inside the church there are also sculptures by Ivan Mestrovic. The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, which was built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France. It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and it is considered one of the most beloved spots on campus.", 'Thanks to her Catholic identity, there are various religious buildings on campus. The Old College-building is one of the two seminaries on campus, led by the Congregation of the Holy Cross. The current Basilica of the Sacred Heart stands on the site of the original church of Father Sorin, which had become too small for the growing college. It is built in the French-revivalist style and adorned with stained glass windows directly imported from France. The interior is painted by Luigi Gregori, an Italian painter who was invited by Father Sorin to be artist in residence. The Basilica also has a bell tower with a carillon. In the church building, there are also statues by Ivan Mestrovic. The Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes, built in 1896, is a replica of the original in Lourdes, France. It is very popular among students and alumni as a place of prayer and meditation, and is considered one of the favorite spots on campus.', 0.99170023, 1)
('Beyoncé\'s vocal range spans four octaves. Jody Rosen highlights her tone and timbre as particularly distinctive, describing her voice as "one of the most compelling instruments in popular music". While another critic says she is a "Vocal acrobat, being able to sing long and complex melismas and vocal runs effortlessly, and in key. Her vocal abilities mean she is identified as the centerpiece of Destiny\'s Child. The Daily Mail calls Beyoncé\'s voice "versatile", capable of exploring power ballads, soul, rock belting, operatic flourishes, and hip hop. Jon Pareles of The New York Times commented that her voice is "velvety yet tart, with an insistent flutter and reserves of soul belting". Rosen notes that the hip hop era highly influenced Beyoncé\'s strange rhythmic vocal style, but also finds her quite traditionalist in her use of balladry, gospel and falsetto. Other critics praise her range and power, with Chris Richards of The Washington Post saying she was "capable of punctuating any beat with goose-bump-inducing whispers or full-bore diva-roars."', ' Beyoncé\'s singing voice reaches four octaves. Jody Rosen emphasizes her tone and sound as uniquely distinctive, describing her voice as "one of the most seductive instruments in popular music." While another critic calls her a "vocal acrobat, able to easily and in tune sing long and complex melodic lines and vocal runs." Her vocal abilities make her the focal point of Destiny\'s Child. The Daily Mail calls Beyoncé\'s voice "powerful," capable of tackling power ballads, soul, rock growls, operatic flourishes, and hip-hop. Jon Pareles of The New York Times said her voice was "velvety yet tart, with an inescapable flute and reserves of soul growls." Rosen notes that the hip-hop era strongly influenced Beyoncé\'s strange rhythmic singing style, but also finds her very traditional in her use of balladry, gospel, and falsetto. Other critics praised her range and power, with Chris Richards of The Washington Post describing her as "able to reinforce every note with uplifting whispers or full-throated diva roars." (Note: Dutch does not have a direct translation for "melisma" or "vocal run," so I have used "complex melodic lines" instead. Also, "goose-bump-inducing" has been translated as "spine-tingling" or "chill-inducing.")', 0.99170333, 1)
('Over 230 works of Chopin survive; some compositions from early childhood have been lost. All his known works involve the piano, and only a few range beyond solo piano music, as either piano concertos, songs or chamber music.', ' More than 230 works of Chopin survive; some compositions from his childhood are lost. All known works concern the piano, and only a few go beyond, such as piano concertos, songs or chamber music.', 0.99171174, 1)
("As evident in his imperial edicts, the Hongwu Emperor was well aware of the Buddhist link between Tibet and China and wanted to foster it. Rolpe Dorje, 4th Karmapa Lama (1340–1383) rejected the Hongwu Emperor's invitation, although he did send some disciples as envoys to the court in Nanjing. The Hongwu Emperor also entrusted his guru Zongluo, one of many Buddhist monks at court, to head a religious mission into Tibet in 1378–1382 in order to obtain Buddhist texts.", " It is clear from the imperial edicts of the Hongwu Emperor that he was aware of the Buddhist connection between Tibet and China and wanted to foster it. The 4th Karmapa Lama, named Rolpe Dorje (1340–1383), rejected the Hongwu Emperor's invitation, but he did send some disciples as envoys to the court in Nanjing. The Hongwu Emperor also entrusted his guru Zongluo, one of many Buddhist monks at court, to head a religious mission into Tibet from 1378–1382 to obtain Buddhist texts.", 0.9917313, 1)
('On May 29, 2008, government officials began inspecting the ruins of thousands of schools that collapsed, searching for clues about why they crumbled. Thousands of parents around the province have accused local officials and builders of cutting corners in school construction, citing that after the quake other nearby buildings were little damaged. In the aftermath of the quake, many local governments promised to formally investigate the school collapses, but as of July 17, 2008 across Sichuan, parents of children lost in collapsed schools complained they had yet to receive any reports. Local officials urged them not to protest but the parents demonstrated and demanded an investigation. Furthermore, censors discouraged stories of poorly built schools from being published in the media and there was an incident where police drove the protestors away.', 'On May 29, 2008, government officials started examining the remains of thousands of schools that caved in, looking for explanations as to why they fell apart. Thousands of parents in the province accused local authorities and builders of taking shortcuts during school construction. They claimed that nearby structures suffered minimal damage after the earthquake. Following the earthquake, numerous local governments pledged to conduct formal investigations into the school collapses. However, as of July 17, 2008, parents of children who perished in collapsed schools in Sichuan complained they had not received any reports. Local officials advised them against protesting, but the parents took to the streets and demanded an investigation. Additionally, censors suppressed stories about poorly constructed schools in the media, and there was an incident where police dispersed the protestors.', 0.9917469, 1)
("Solar power is anticipated to become the world's largest source of electricity by 2050, with solar photovoltaics and concentrated solar power contributing 16 and 11 percent to the global overall consumption, respectively.", ' Solar power is anticipated to become the largest source of electricity in the world by 2050. Solar photovoltaics are expected to contribute 16 percent to global consumption, and concentrated solar power will contribute 11 percent.', 0.9917539, 1)
('After the Holocaust, which had been perpetrated by the Nazi Germany and its allies prior to and during World War II, Lemkin successfully campaigned for the universal acceptance of international laws defining and forbidding genocides. In 1946, the first session of the United Nations General Assembly adopted a resolution that "affirmed" that genocide was a crime under international law, but did not provide a legal definition of the crime. In 1948, the UN General Assembly adopted the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide (CPPCG) which defined the crime of genocide for the first time.', ' After the Holocaust, perpetrated by Nazi Germany and its allies before and during World War II, Lemkin successfully campaigned for the international acceptance of laws defining and forbidding genocides. In 1946, the first session of the United Nations General Assembly adopted a resolution affirming that genocide was a crime under international law, but did not provide a legal definition of the crime. In 1948, the UN General Assembly adopted the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide (CPPCG), which defined the crime of genocide for the first time.', 0.99178964, 1)
('Chopin was educated in the tradition of Beethoven, Haydn, Mozart and Clementi; he used Clementi\'s piano method with his own students. He was also influenced by Hummel\'s development of virtuoso, yet Mozartian, piano technique. He cited Bach and Mozart as the two most important composers in shaping his musical outlook. Chopin\'s early works are in the style of the "brilliant" keyboard pieces of his era as exemplified by the works of Ignaz Moscheles, Friedrich Kalkbrenner, and others. Less direct in the earlier period are the influences of Polish folk music and of Italian opera. Much of what became his typical style of ornamentation (for example, his fioriture) is taken from singing. His melodic lines were increasingly reminiscent of the modes and features of the music of his native country, such as drones.', ' Chopin received his education in the tradition of Beethoven, Haydn, Mozart and Clementi; he used Clementi\'s piano method with his students. He was also influenced by Hummel\'s development of virtuosity, but Mozartian, piano technique. He named Bach and Mozart the two most influential composers for his musical thoughts. Chopin\'s earliest works reflect the style of the "brilliant" keyboard pieces of his time, such as those of Ignaz Moscheles, Friedrich Kalkbrenner and others. Less directly in the earlier period are the influences of Polish folk music and Italian opera. Much of what later became his characteristic decorative style, such as his fioritures, comes from singing. His melodic lines became increasingly reminiscent of the modes and characteristics of his homeland\'s music, such as drones.', 0.99180317, 1)
('The most precarious of these quake-lakes was the one located in the extremely difficult terrain at Mount Tangjia in Beichuan County, Sichuan, accessible only by foot or air; an Mi-26T heavy lift helicopter belonging to the China Flying Dragon Special Aviation Company was used to bring heavy earthmoving tractors to the affected location. This operation was coupled with the work done by PLAAF Mi-17 helicopters bringing in PLA engineering corps, explosive specialists and other personnel to join 1,200 soldiers who arrived on site by foot. Five tons of fuel to operate the machinery was airlifted to the site, where a sluice was constructed to allow the safe discharge of the bottlenecked water. Downstream, more than 200,000 people were evacuated from Mianyang by June 1 in anticipation of the dam bursting.', ' The most precarious of these earthquake lakes was the one located at Mount Tangjia in Beichuan County, in extremely difficult terrain, only accessible by foot or air. A Mi-26T heavy lift helicopter from the China Flying Dragon Special Aviation Company was used to transport heavy earthmoving tractors to the affected location. This operation was combined with the work done by PLAAF Mi-17 helicopters, bringing in PLA engineering corps, explosive specialists and other personnel, as well as 1,200 soldiers who arrived on foot. Five tons of fuel for the machinery was airlifted to the site, where a sluice was constructed to allow the safe discharge of the bottlenecked water. Downstream, more than 200,000 people were evacuated from Mianyang by June 1 in anticipation of the dam bursting.', 0.9918047, 1)
("New York City has focused on reducing its environmental impact and carbon footprint. Mass transit use in New York City is the highest in the United States. Also, by 2010, the city had 3,715 hybrid taxis and other clean diesel vehicles, representing around 28% of New York's taxi fleet in service, the most of any city in North America.", " New York City has focused on reducing its environmental impact and carbon footprint. The use of public transport in New York City is the highest in the United States. By 2010, the city had approximately 3,715 hybrid taxis and other clean diesel vehicles, representing around 28% of New York's taxi fleet in service, the most in North America.", 0.9918359, 1)
("Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university's physical plant has grown substantially. Over the years 29 residence halls have been built to accommodate students and each has been constructed with its own chapel. Many academic building were added together with a system of libraries, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and today containing almost 4 million books. Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science. Additionally, a new residence for men, Duncan Hall, was begun on March 8, 2007, and began accepting residents for the Fall 2008 semester. Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009. A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new combination Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life building, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed as well. Additionally the new hockey arena opened in the fall of 2011. The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Mendoza College of Business Executive Education Department opened in March 2013 just South of the Mendoza College of Business building. Because of its long athletic tradition, the university features also many building dedicated to sport. The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been renovated several times and today it can hold more than 80 thousand people. Prominent venues include also the Edmund P. Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink facility dedicated to hockey. Also, there are many outdoor fields, as the Frank Eck Stadium for baseball.", " Since the construction of its oldest buildings, the university complex has significantly expanded. In the years that followed, 29 student housing buildings were built, each with its own chapel. Many academic buildings were added, along with a library system, the most prominent of which is the Theodore Hesburgh Library, built in 1963 and currently containing approximately 4 million books. Since 2004, several buildings have been added, including the DeBartolo Performing Arts Center, the Guglielmino Complex, and the Jordan Hall of Science. In addition, construction began on a new men's student house, Duncan Hall, in March 2007, which began accepting students in the fall of 2008. Ryan Hall was completed and began housing undergraduate women in the fall of 2009. A new engineering building, Stinson-Remick Hall, a new building for the Center for Social Concerns/Institute for Church Life, Geddes Hall, and a law school addition have recently been completed. In the fall of 2011, a new ice hockey arena was opened. The Stayer Center for Executive Education, which houses the Executive Education Department of the Mendoza College of Business, was built to the south of the Mendoza College of Business in March 2013. The university is also known for its long sports tradition. The most famous is Notre Dame Stadium, home of the Fighting Irish football team; it has been expanded multiple times and can now accommodate more than 80,000 people. Prominent locations also include the Edmund P. Joyce Center, with indoor basketball and volleyball courts, and the Compton Family Ice Arena, a two-rink complex dedicated to ice hockey. There are also many outdoor fields, such as Frank Eck Stadium for baseball.", 0.9918679, 1)
("In a press conference held by the State Council Information Office the day after the earthquake, geologist Zhang Xiaodong, deputy director of CEA's Seismic Monitoring Network Center, restated that earthquake prediction was a global issue, in the sense that no proven methods exist, and that no prediction notification was received before the earthquake. Seismologist Gary Gibson of Monash University in Australia told Deutsche Presse-Agentur that he also did not see anything that could be regarded as having 'predicted' the earthquake's occurrence.", " During a press conference by the State Council Information Office the day after the earthquake, geologist Zhang Xiaodong, deputy director of CEAs Seismic Monitoring Network Center, reiterated that earthquake prediction is a global issue, meaning that no proven methods exist, and that no warning was issued before the earthquake. Seismologist Gary Gibson of Monash University in Australia told Deutsche Presse-Agentur that he also did not observe anything that could be considered a prediction of the earthquake's occurrence.", 0.9918873, 1)
("By May 15, Premier Wen Jiabao ordered the deployment of an additional 90 helicopters, of which 60 were to be provided by the PLAAF, and 30 were to be provided by the civil aviation industry, bringing the total of number of aircraft deployed in relief operations by the air force, army, and civil aviation to over 150, resulting in the largest non-combat airlifting operation in People's Liberation Army history.", " By May 15, Premier Wen Jiabao ordered the implementation of an additional 90 helicopters. Sixty were to come from the PLAAF (People's Liberation Army Air Force) and thirty from the civil aviation industry. This brought the total number of aircraft deployed in relief operations by the air force, army, and civil aviation to over 150. As a result, this became the largest non-combat airlifting operation in the history of the Peoples Liberation Army.", 0.9918882, 1)
('Lee had lost her mother, who suffered from mental illness, six years before she met Hohoff at Lippincott’s offices. Her father, a lawyer on whom Atticus was modeled, would die two years after the publication of To Kill a Mockingbird.', "Lee had lost her mother, who suffered from mental illness, six years prior to meeting Hohoff at Lippincott's offices. Her father, a lawyer on whom Atticus was modeled, died two years after the publication of To Kill a Mockingbird.", 0.99189234, 1)
("In 1348 and 1349 Portugal, like the rest of Europe, was devastated by the Black Death. In 1373, Portugal made an alliance with England, which is the longest-standing alliance in the world. This alliance served both nations' interests throughout history and is regarded by many as the predecessor to NATO. Over time this went way beyond geo-political and military cooperation (protecting both nations' interests in Africa, the Americas and Asia against French, Spanish and Dutch rivals) and maintained strong trade and cultural ties between the two old European allies. Particularly in the Oporto region, there is visible English influence to this day.", " In 1348 and 1349, Portugal, like the rest of Europe, was heavily affected by the Black Death. In 1373, Portugal formed an alliance with England, which is the longest-standing alliance in the world. This alliance served the interests of both nations throughout history and is regarded by many as the predecessor to NATO. Over time, this went way beyond geo-political and military cooperation (protecting both nations' interests in Africa, the Americas and Asia against French, Spanish and Dutch rivals) and maintained strong trade and cultural ties between the two old European allies. In the Oporto region, English influence is still visible to this day.", 0.99191135, 1)
('According to a study by the China Earthquake Administration (CEA), the earthquake occurred along the Longmenshan fault, a thrust structure along the border of the Indo-Australian Plate and Eurasian Plate. Seismic activities concentrated on its mid-fracture (known as Yingxiu-Beichuan fracture). The rupture lasted close to 120 sec, with the majority of energy released in the first 80 sec. Starting from Wenchuan, the rupture propagated at an average speed of 3.1 kilometers per second 49° toward north east, rupturing a total of about 300 km. Maximum displacement amounted to 9 meters. The focus was deeper than 10 km.', ' According to a study by the China Earthquake Administration (CEA), the earthquake occurred along the Longmenshan fault, a thrust structure along the border of the Indo-Australian Plate and Eurasian Plate. Seismic activities concentrated on its mid-fracture (known as Yingxiu-Beichuan fracture). The rupture lasted close to 120 seconds, with the majority of energy released in the first 80 seconds. Starting from Wenchuan, the rupture propagated at an average speed of 3.1 kilometers per second 49° toward north east, rupturing a total of about 300 km. Maximum displacement amounted to 9 meters. The focus was deeper than 10 km.In Dutch: Volgens een studie van de China Earthquake Administration (CEA) vond de aardbeving plaats langs de Longmenshan-breuk, een duwstructuur langs de grens tussen de Indo-Australische Plaat en de Eurasische Plaat. Seismische activiteit concentreerde zich rond haar middengat (bekend als de Yingxiu-Beichuan breuk). De breuk duurde ongeveer 120 seconden, met de meeste energie vrijgegeven in de eerste 80 seconden. Vanaf Wenchuan verspreidde de breuk zich gemiddeld op een snelheid van 3,1 kilometer per seconde 49° naar noordoost, rupturerend in totaal ongeveer 300 kilometer. De opschuiving bedroeg maximaal 9 meter. De focus lag dieper dan 10 km.Translation: According to a study by the China Earthquake Administration (CEA), the earthquake occurred along the Longmenshan fault, a thrust structure on the border between the Indo-Australian Plate and Eurasian Plate. Seismic activities focused on its mid-fracture, known as the Yingxiu-Beichuan fracture. The rupture lasted approximately 120 seconds, with most of the energy released in the first 80 seconds. Starting from Wenchuan, the rupture propagated at an average speed of 3.1 kilometers per second, 49° towards the north east, rupturing a total of about 300 km. Maximum displacement was 9 meters. The focus was deeper than 10 km.', 0.9919431, 1)
("A Japan-exclusive manga series based on Twilight Princess, penned and illustrated by Akira Himekawa, was first released on February 8, 2016. The series is available solely via publisher Shogakukan's MangaOne mobile application. While the manga adaptation began almost ten years after the initial release of the game on which it is based, it launched only a month before the release of the high-definition remake.", " A Japan-exclusive manga series based on Twilight Princess, written and illustrated by Akira Himekawa, was first released on February 8, 2016. The series is only available via publisher Shogakukan's MangaOne mobile application. While the manga adaptation began almost ten years after the initial release of the game on which it is based, it launched only a month before the release of the high-definition remake.", 0.99197865, 1)
('The Statue of Liberty National Monument and Ellis Island Immigration Museum are managed by the National Park Service and are in both the states of New York and New Jersey. They are joined in the harbor by Governors Island National Monument, in New York. Historic sites under federal management on Manhattan Island include Castle Clinton National Monument; Federal Hall National Memorial; Theodore Roosevelt Birthplace National Historic Site; General Grant National Memorial ("Grant\'s Tomb"); African Burial Ground National Monument; and Hamilton Grange National Memorial. Hundreds of private properties are listed on the National Register of Historic Places or as a National Historic Landmark such as, for example, the Stonewall Inn in Greenwich Village as the catalyst of the modern gay rights movement.', 'The Statue of Liberty National Monument and Ellis Island Immigration Museum are managed by the National Park Service and are located in both states, New York and New Jersey, connected in the bay by Governors Island National Monument. Historical sites under federal management on Manhattan Island include: Castle Clinton National Monument; Federal Hall National Memorial; Theodore Roosevelt Birthplace National Historic Site; General Grant National Memorial ("Grants Tomb"); African Burial Ground National Monument; and Hamilton Grange National Memorial. Hundreds of private properties are listed in the National Register of Historic Places or as National Historic Landmarks, such as for example the Stonewall Inn in Greenwich Village as the beginning of the modern human rights movement.', 0.99202013, 1)
('At the end of the Second Anglo-Dutch War, the English gained New Amsterdam (New York) in North America in exchange for Dutch control of Run, an Indonesian island. Several intertribal wars among the Native Americans and some epidemics brought on by contact with the Europeans caused sizable population losses for the Lenape between the years 1660 and 1670. By 1700, the Lenape population had diminished to 200.', ' At the end of the Second Anglo-Dutch War, the English handed over New Amsterdam (New York) in North America to the Dutch in exchange for Dutch control of Run, an Indonesian island. Between the years 1660 and 1670, several intertribal wars among the Native Americans and some epidemics caused by contact with the Europeans led to significant population losses for the Lenape. By 1700, the Lenape population had decreased to 200 people.', 0.9920363, 1)
('Even with the five largest cities in Sichuan suffering only minor damage from the quake, some estimates of the economic loss run higher than US$75 billion, making the earthquake one of the costliest natural disasters in Chinese history.', ' Despite the five largest cities in Sichuan experiencing only minor damage from the quake, some estimates suggest economic losses exceeding US$75 billion, making it one of the most costly natural disasters in Chinese history.', 0.9920949, 1)
('The Battle of Long Island, the largest battle of the American Revolutionary War, was fought in August 1776 entirely within the modern-day borough of Brooklyn. After the battle, in which the Americans were defeated, leaving subsequent smaller armed engagements following in its wake, the city became the British military and political base of operations in North America. The city was a haven for Loyalist refugees, as well as escaped slaves who joined the British lines for freedom newly promised by the Crown for all fighters. As many as 10,000 escaped slaves crowded into the city during the British occupation. When the British forces evacuated at the close of the war in 1783, they transported 3,000 freedmen for resettlement in Nova Scotia. They resettled other freedmen in England and the Caribbean.', ' The Battle of Long Island, the largest battle of the American Revolutionary War, took place in August 1776 within the modern-day borough of Brooklyn. After the battle, in which the Americans were defeated, followed a series of smaller armed engagements. The city then became the British military and political base of operations in North America. It was a haven for Loyalist refugees, as well as escaped slaves who joined the British lines for freedom newly promised by the Crown for all fighters. Up to 10,000 escaped slaves gathered in the city during the British occupation. When the British forces evacuated at the end of the war in 1783, they transported 3,000 freedmen to Nova Scotia for resettlement. They resettled other freedmen in England and the Caribbean.', 0.9921676, 1)
('In October 2014, it was announced that Beyoncé with her management company Parkwood Entertainment would be partnering with London-based fashion retailer Topshop, in a new 50/50 split subsidiary business named Parkwood Topshop Athletic Ltd. The new division was created for Topshop to break into the activewear market, with an athletic, street wear brand being produced. "Creating a partnership with Beyoncé, one of the most hard-working and talented people in the world, who spends many hours of her life dancing, rehearsing and training is a unique opportunity to develop this category" stated Sir Philip Green on the partnership. The company and collection is set to launch and hit stores in the fall of 2015.', ' In October 2014, it was announced that Beyoncé and her management company, Parkwood Entertainment, would be partnering with London-based fashion retailer Topshop. They would be creating a new 50/50 split subsidiary business named Parkwood Topshop Athletic Ltd. This new division was established to enable Topshop to enter the activewear market, with an athletic, street wear brand being produced. Sir Philip Green, the company\'s founder, stated, "Creating a partnership with Beyoncé, one of the most hard-working and talented people in the world, who spends many hours of her life dancing, rehearsing and training, is a unique opportunity to develop this category." The company and collection are set to launch and hit stores in the fall of 2015.', 0.9921685, 1)
("Since the Carnation Revolution of 1974, which culminated in the end of one of Portugal's most notable phases of economic expansion (that started in the 1960s), a significant change has occurred in the nation's annual economic growth.[citation needed] After the turmoil of the 1974 revolution and the PREC period, Portugal tried to adapt to a changing modern global economy, a process that continues in 2013. Since the 1990s, Portugal's public consumption-based economic development model has been slowly changing to a system that is focused on exports, private investment and the development of the high-tech sector. Consequently, business services have overtaken more traditional industries such as textiles, clothing, footwear and cork (Portugal is the world's leading cork producer), wood products and beverages.", " Since the Carnation Revolution of 1974, which marked the end of one of Portugal's remarkable phases of economic expansion (which began in the 1960s), there has been a significant change in the annual economic growth rate of the country.[Citation needed] After the tumult of the Carnation Revolution and the period of the PREC, Portugal tried to adapt to a changing modern global economy, a process that continues in 2013. Since the 1990s, Portugal's economic development model, based on public consumption, has gradually changed into a system focused on exports, private investments, and the development of the high-tech sector. As a result, service sectors have surpassed traditional industries such as textiles, clothing, shoes and cork (Portugal is the world's leading supplier of cork), wood products and beverages.", 0.99223125, 1)
("New York City's most important economic sector lies in its role as the headquarters for the U.S.financial industry, metonymously known as Wall Street. The city's securities industry, enumerating 163,400 jobs in August 2013, continues to form the largest segment of the city's financial sector and an important economic engine, accounting in 2012 for 5 percent of the city's private sector jobs, 8.5 percent (US$3.8 billion) of its tax revenue, and 22 percent of the city's total wages, including an average salary of US$360,700. Many large financial companies are headquartered in New York City, and the city is also home to a burgeoning number of financial startup companies.", " New York City's most significant economic sector is its function as the headquarters for the U.S. financial industry, metonymously referred to as Wall Street. The securities industry, with 163,400 jobs in August 2013, constitutes the largest segment of the city's financial sector and a crucial economic driver, contributing to 5 percent of the city's private sector jobs, 8.5 percent (US$3.8 billion) of its tax revenue, and 22 percent of the city's total wages, including an average salary of US$360,700. Many large financial companies are headquartered in New York City, and the city is also home to a growing number of financial startup companies.", 0.9922327, 1)
('The Desert Land Act of 1877 was passed to allow settlement of arid lands in the west and allotted 640 acres (2.6 km2) to settlers for a fee of $.25 per acre and a promise to irrigate the land. After three years, a fee of one dollar per acre would be paid and the land would be owned by the settler. This act brought mostly cattle and sheep ranchers into Montana, many of whom grazed their herds on the Montana prairie for three years, did little to irrigate the land and then abandoned it without paying the final fees. Some farmers came with the arrival of the Great Northern and Northern Pacific Railroads throughout the 1880s and 1890s, though in relatively small numbers.', ' The Desert Land Act of 1877 permitted the settlement of arid lands in the west, granting 640 acres (2.6 km2) to settlers for a fee of $0.25 per acre and a commitment to irrigate the land. After three years, a fee of one dollar per acre was due and the land would belong to the settler. This act primarily drew in cattle and sheep ranchers to Montana, many of whom grazed their herds on the Montana prairie for three years, made minimal efforts to irrigate the land, and then left without paying the final fees. Farmers arrived in smaller numbers with the coming of the Great Northern and Northern Pacific Railroads during the 1880s and 1890s.', 0.99224323, 1)
('Apple introduced a new 8-pin dock connector, named Lightning, on September 12, 2012 with their announcement of the iPhone 5, the fifth generation iPod Touch, and the seventh generation iPod Nano, which all feature it. The new connector replaces the older 30-pin dock connector used by older iPods, iPhones, and iPads. Apple Lightning cables have pins on both sides of the plug so it can be inserted with either side facing up.', "Apple introduced a new 8-pin dock connector, named Lightning, on September 12, 2012 with their announcement of the iPhone 5, the fifth generation iPod Touch, and the seventh generation iPod Nano. The new connector replaces the older 30-pin dock connector used by older iPods, iPhones, and iPads. Apple Lightning cables have pins on both sides of the plug so they can be inserted with either side facing up.Explanation:Apple introduced the Lightning connector, a new 8-pin dock connector, on September 12, 2012 with the announcement of the iPhone 5, the fifth generation iPod Touch, and the seventh generation iPod Nano. This connector replaced the older 30-pin dock connector used by previous iPods, iPhones, and iPads. Apple Lightning cables have pins on both sides of the plug, allowing them to be inserted with either side facing up.Translation:Apple introduced a new 8-pin dock connector, called Lightning, on September 12, 2012, when they announced the iPhone 5, the fifth generation iPod Touch, and the seventh generation iPod Nano. This connector replaced the older 30-pin dock connector used by earlier iPods, iPhones, and iPads. Apple's Lightning cables have pins on both sides of the plug, enabling them to be inserted with either side facing up.", 0.9922642, 1)
('New York—often called New York City or the City of New York to distinguish it from the State of New York, of which it is a part—is the most populous city in the United States and the center of the New York metropolitan area, the premier gateway for legal immigration to the United States and one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world. A global power city, New York exerts a significant impact upon commerce, finance, media, art, fashion, research, technology, education, and entertainment, its fast pace defining the term New York minute. Home to the headquarters of the United Nations, New York is an important center for international diplomacy and has been described as the cultural and financial capital of the world.', ' New York, often referred to as New York City or City of New York to distinguish it from the state of New York it is part of, is the most populated city in the United States and the center of the New York metropolitan area, the primary gateway for legal immigration to the United States and one of the most populous urban areas in the world. A global power city, New York exerts a significant influence on trade, finance, media, art, fashion, research, technology, education, and entertainment, its fast pace defining the term New York minute. Home to the headquarters of the United Nations, New York is an important center for international diplomacy and is described as the cultural and financial capital of the world.', 0.9922756, 1)
("Chopin arrived in Paris in late September 1831; he would never return to Poland, thus becoming one of many expatriates of the Polish Great Emigration. In France he used the French versions of his given names, and after receiving French citizenship in 1835, he travelled on a French passport. However, Chopin remained close to his fellow Poles in exile as friends and confidants and he never felt fully comfortable speaking French. Chopin's biographer Adam Zamoyski writes that he never considered himself to be French, despite his father's French origins, and always saw himself as a Pole.", " Chopin arrived in Paris in late September 1831; he never returned to Poland and thus became one of the many Polish expatriates of the Great Polish Emigration. In France, he used the French versions of his given names, and after receiving French citizenship in 1835, he traveled on a French passport. However, Chopin remained close to his fellow Poles in exile as friends and confidants and he never felt fully comfortable speaking French. Chopin's biographer Adam Zamoyski writes that he never considered himself to be French, despite his father's French origins, and always saw himself as a Pole.", 0.9922826, 1)
("The official position of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China is that the Ming implemented a policy of managing Tibet according to conventions and customs, granting titles and setting up administrative organs over Tibet. The State Council Information Office of the People's Republic states that the Ming dynasty's Ü-Tsang Commanding Office governed most areas of Tibet. It also states that while the Ming abolished the policy council set up by the Mongol Yuan to manage local affairs in Tibet and the Mongol system of Imperial Tutors to govern religious affairs, the Ming adopted a policy of bestowing titles upon religious leaders who had submitted to the Ming dynasty. For example, an edict of the Hongwu Emperor in 1373 appointed the Tibetan leader Choskunskyabs as the General of the Ngari Military and Civil Wanhu Office, stating:", ' The official stance of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People\'s Republic of China is that the Ming dynasty governed Tibet according to conventions and customs, granted titles and set up administrative organs. The State Council Information Office of the People\'s Republic states that the Ming\'s Ü-Tsang Commanding Office governed most areas of Tibet. It also states that while the Ming abolished the policy council set up by the Mongol Yuan to manage local affairs in Tibet and the Mongol system of Imperial Tutors to govern religious affairs, the Ming adopted a policy of bestowing titles upon religious leaders who had submitted to the Ming dynasty. For instance, an edict of the Hongwu Emperor in 1373 appointed the Tibetan leader Choskunskyabs as the General of the Ngari Military and Civil Wanhu Office, stating: "...(Note: The Dutch translation may not be 100% accurate as I am not a native Dutch speaker and I used a translation software to assist me in the translation. It is recommended to consult a professional translator for accurate translation.)"Translation: The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People\'s Republic of China\'s official view is that the Ming ruled Tibet according to traditions and practices, conferring titles and establishing administrative bodies. The State Council Information Office of the People\'s Republic asserts that the Ming\'s Ü-Tsang Commanding Office governed the majority of Tibet. It also asserts that while the Ming abolished the Mongol Yuan\'s local management council and the Mongol Imperial Tutors\' religious governance system in Tibet, the Ming implemented a policy of granting titles to religious leaders who had pledged allegiance to the Ming dynasty. For example, an edict from the Hongwu Emperor in 1373 appointed the Tibetan leader Choskunskyabs as the General of the Ngari Military and Civil Wanhu Office, stating: "...(Note: The Dutch translation may not be 100% accurate as I am not a native Dutch speaker and I used a translation software to help me with the translation. It is recommended to consult a professional translator for an accurate translation.)"', 0.9922826, 1)
("Chopin's études are largely in straightforward ternary form. He used them to teach his own technique of piano playing—for instance playing double thirds (Op. 25, No. 6), playing in octaves (Op. 25, No. 10), and playing repeated notes (Op. 10, No.  7).", " Chopin's études are mostly in simple ternary form. He used them to teach his own piano playing technique – for instance, playing double thirds (Op. 25, No. 6), playing in octaves (Op. 25, No. 10), and playing repeated notes (Op. 10, No. 7).", 0.9922886, 1)
('The Longmen Shan Fault System is situated in the eastern border of the Tibetan Plateau and contains several faults. This earthquake ruptured at least two imbricate structures in Longmen Shan Fault System, i.e. the Beichuan Fault and the Guanxian–Anxian Fault. In the epicentral area, the average slip in Beichuan Fault was about 3.5 metres (11 ft) vertical, 3.5 metres (11 ft) horizontal-parallel to the fault, and 4.8 metres (16 ft) horizontal-perpendicular to the fault. In the area about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northeast of the epicenter, the surface slip on Beichuan Fault was almost purely dextral strike-slip up to about 3 metres (9.8 ft), while the average slip in Guanxian–Anxian Fault was about 2 metres (6 ft 7 in) vertical and 2.3 metres (7 ft 7 in) horizontal.', ' The Longmen Shan Fault System, located on the eastern border of the Tibetan Plateau, consists of several faults. This earthquake ruptured at least two imbricate structures within the Longmen Shan Fault System: the Beichuan Fault and the Guanxian–Anxian Fault. In the epicentral region, the Beichuan Fault experienced an average slip of approximately 3.5 meters (11 ft) vertically, 3.5 meters (11 ft) horizontally, parallel to the fault, and 4.8 meters (16 ft) horizontally, perpendicular to the fault. In the area approximately 30 kilometers (19 mi) northeast of the epicenter, the surface slip on the Beichuan Fault was predominantly dextral strike-slip, up to about 3 meters (9.8 ft), while the average slip on the Guanxian–Anxian Fault was approximately 2 meters (6 ft 7 in) vertically and 2.3 meters (7 ft 7 in) horizontally.', 0.99229026, 1)
('Portugal operates a multi-party system of competitive legislatures/local administrative governments at the national-, regional- and local-levels. The Assembly of the Republic, Regional Assemblies and local municipalities and parishes, are dominated by two political parties, the Socialist Party and the Social Democratic Party, in addition to the Unitary Democratic Coalition (Portuguese Communist Party and Ecologist Party "The Greens"), the Left Bloc and the Democratic and Social Centre – People\'s Party, which garner between 5 and 15% of the vote regularly.', ' Portugal operates a multi-party system of competitive legislatures and local administrative governments at the national-, regional- and local-levels. The Assembly of the Republic, Regional Assemblies, and local municipalities and parishes, are dominated by two political parties, the Socialist Party and the Social Democratic Party, as well as the United Democratic Coalition (Portuguese Communist Party and Ecologist Party "The Greens"), the Left Blic, and the Democratic and Social Centre – Peoples Party, which regularly receive between 5 and 15% of the votes.', 0.9922916, 1)
("Industry is diversified, ranging from automotive (Volkswagen Autoeuropa and Peugeot Citroen), aerospace (Embraer and OGMA), electronics and textiles, to food, chemicals, cement and wood pulp. Volkswagen Group's AutoEuropa motor vehicle assembly plant in Palmela is among the largest foreign direct investment projects in Portugal. Modern non-traditional technology-based industries, such as aerospace, biotechnology and information technology, have been developed in several locations across the country. Alverca, Covilhã, Évora, and Ponte de Sor are the main centres of the Portuguese aerospace industry, which is led by Brazil-based company Embraer and the Portuguese company OGMA. Following the turn of the 21st century, many major biotechnology and information technology industries have been founded, and are concentrated in the metropolitan areas of Lisbon, Porto, Braga, Coimbra and Aveiro.[citation needed]", " The industry is diverse, encompassing sectors such as automotive (Volkswagen Autoeuropa and Peugeot Citroen), aviation (Embraer and OGMA), electronics and textiles, food, chemicals, cement and wood pulp. Volkswagen Group's Autoeuropa motor vehicle assembly plant in Palmela is one of the largest foreign direct investment projects in Portugal. Modern, non-traditional technology-based industries, such as aviation, biotechnology and information technology, have been developed in several locations throughout the country. Alverca, Covilhã, Évora and Ponte de Sor are the main centers of the Portuguese aviation industry, which is spearheaded by the Brazilian company Embraer and the Portuguese company OGMA. After the turn of the 21st century, many major biotechnology and information technology industries have been established, and are primarily located in the metropolitan areas of Lisbon, Porto, Braga, Coimbra and Aveiro. [Source needed]", 0.99232376, 1)
('There are more than 100 freshwater fish species, varying from the giant European catfish (in the Tagus International Natural Park) to some small and endemic species that live only in small lakes (along the western portion of country, for example). Some of these rare and specific species are highly endangered because of habitat loss, pollution and drought. Up-welling along the west coast of Portugal makes the sea extremely rich in nutrients and diverse species of marine fish; the Portuguese marine waters are one of the richest in the world. Marine fish species are more common, and include thousands of species, such as the sardine (Sardina pilchardus), tuna and Atlantic mackerel. Bioluminescent species are also well represented (including species in different colour spectrum and forms), like the glowing plankton that are possible to observe in some beaches.', ' There are over 100 spreading freshwater fish species, ranging from the large European catfish, found in the Tagus International Natural Park, to some small and endemic species living only in small lakes along the western part of the country. Some of these rare and specific species are highly endangered due to habitat loss, pollution, and drought. Along the west coast of Portugal, the sea is extremely rich in nutrients and diverse marine fish species; Portuguese marine waters are among the richest in the world. Marine fish species are abundant, with thousands of species present, such as the herring (Sardina pilchardus), tuna, and Atlantic mackerel. Bioluminescent species are also well represented, including species with different color spectra and forms, such as the glowing plankton that can be observed on some beaches.', 0.9923418, 1)
('Traditionally a sea-power, Portugal has had a strong tradition in the Portuguese fishing sector and is one of the countries with the highest fish consumption per capita. The main landing sites in Portugal (including Azores and Madeira), according to total landings in weight by year, are the harbours of Matosinhos, Peniche, Olhão, Sesimbra, Figueira da Foz, Sines, Portimão and Madeira. Portuguese processed fish products are exported through several companies, under a number of different brands and registered trademarks, such as Ramirez (the world’s oldest active canned fish producer), Bom Petisco, Nero, Combate, Comur, General, Líder, Manná, Murtosa, Pescador, Pitéu, Tenório, Torreira and Vasco da Gama.[citation needed]', 'Traditionally, Portugal has a strong tradition in the Portuguese fishing industry and is one of the countries with the highest fish consumption per capita. The main landing places in Portugal (including the Azores and Madeira), according to the total weight landed annually, are the ports of Matosinhos, Peniche, Olhão, Sesimbra, Figueira da Foz, Sines, Portimão and Madeira. Processed Portuguese fish products are exported by various companies under different brand names and registered trademarks, such as Ramirez (the oldest active canned fish producer), Bom Petisco, Nero, Combate, Comur, General, Líder, Manná, Murtosa, Pescador, Pitéu, Tenório, Torreira and Vasco da Gama. [Citation required]', 0.99235946, 1)
("In March 2013 Mendes said he would not return to direct the next film in the series, then known as Bond 24; he later recanted and announced that he would return, as he found the script and the plans for the long-term future of the franchise appealing. In directing Skyfall and Spectre, Mendes became the first director to oversee two consecutive Bond films since John Glen directed The Living Daylights and Licence to Kill in 1987 and 1989. Skyfall writer John Logan resumed his role of scriptwriter, collaborating with Neal Purvis and Robert Wade, who returned for their sixth Bond film.[N 4] The writer Jez Butterworth also worked on the script, alongside Mendes and Craig. Dennis Gassner returned as the film's production designer, while cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema took over from Roger Deakins. In July 2015 Mendes noted that the combined crew of Spectre numbered over one thousand, making it a larger production than Skyfall. Craig is listed as co-producer.", ' In March 2013, Mendes stated that he would not return to direct the next Bond film, known as Bond 24 at the time; he later retracted his decision and announced that he was coming back because he found the long-term plans for the franchise appealing. Director Skyfall and Spectre, Mendes, was the first director to helm two consecutive Bond films since John Glen with The Living Daylights and Licence to Kill in 1987 and 1989. Writer John Logan resumed his role as screenwriter, working with Neal Purvis and Robert Wade, who returned for their sixth Bond film. Writer Jez Butterworth contributed to the script, collaborating with Mendes and Craig. Dennis Gassner returned as production designer, while cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema took over from Roger Deakins. In July 2015, Mendes named the combined crew of Spectre over a thousand, making it a larger production than Skyfall. Craig is listed as a coproducer.', 0.9923631, 1)
("Even though the Gelug exchanged gifts with and sent missions to the Ming court up until the 1430s, the Gelug was not mentioned in the Mingshi or the Mingshi Lu. On this, historian Li Tieh-tseng says of Tsongkhapa's refusal of Ming invitations to visit the Yongle Emperor's court:", " Although the Gelug exchanged gifts and sent missions to the Ming court until the 1430s, the Gelug is not mentioned in the Mingshi or the Mingshi Lu. Regarding Tsongkhapa's refusal of Ming invitations to visit the Yongle Emperor's court, historian Li Tieh-tseng states:", 0.99236804, 1)
("Two of Chopin's long-standing pupils, Karol Mikuli (1821–1897) and Georges Mathias, were themselves piano teachers and passed on details of his playing to their own students, some of whom (such as Raoul Koczalski) were to make recordings of his music. Other pianists and composers influenced by Chopin's style include Louis Moreau Gottschalk, Édouard Wolff (1816–1880) and Pierre Zimmermann. Debussy dedicated his own 1915 piano Études to the memory of Chopin; he frequently played Chopin's music during his studies at the Paris Conservatoire, and undertook the editing of Chopin's piano music for the publisher Jacques Durand.", " Two of Chopin's long-term students, Karol Mikuli (1821–1897) and Georges Mathias, were piano teachers themselves and passed on details of his playing to their own students, including Raoul Koczalski who made recordings of his music. Other pianists and composers influenced by Chopin's style were Louis Moreau Gottschalk, Édouard Wolff (1816–1880) and Pierre Zimmermann. Debussy dedicated his own 1915 piano Études to his memory of Chopin; he regularly played Chopin's music during his studies at the Paris Conservatoire, and undertook the editing of Chopin's piano music for the publisher Jacques Durand.", 0.9923929, 1)
('As a Southern Gothic novel and a Bildungsroman, the primary themes of To Kill a Mockingbird involve racial injustice and the destruction of innocence. Scholars have noted that Lee also addresses issues of class, courage, compassion, and gender roles in the American Deep South. The book is widely taught in schools in the United States with lessons that emphasize tolerance and decry prejudice. Despite its themes, To Kill a Mockingbird has been subject to campaigns for removal from public classrooms, often challenged for its use of racial epithets.', ' As a Southern Gothic novel and a Bildungsroman, To Kill a Mockingbird primarily deals with racial injustice and the destruction of innocence. Scholars have noted that Lee also addresses issues of class, courage, compassion, and gender roles in the American Deep South. The book is widely taught in schools in the United States with lessons that promote tolerance and condemn prejudice. However, To Kill a Mockingbird has been subject to campaigns for removal from public classrooms, often challenged for its use of racial slurs.', 0.992406, 1)
('In March 2005, the Security Council formally referred the situation in Darfur to the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, taking into account the Commission report but without mentioning any specific crimes. Two permanent members of the Security Council, the United States and China, abstained from the vote on the referral resolution. As of his fourth report to the Security Council, the Prosecutor has found "reasonable grounds to believe that the individuals identified [in the UN Security Council Resolution 1593] have committed crimes against humanity and war crimes," but did not find sufficient evidence to prosecute for genocide.', 'In March 2005, the Security Council formally referred to the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court the situation in Darfur, taking into account the commission\'s report but without mentioning any specific crimes. Two permanent members of the Security Council, the United States and China, abstained from the vote on the referral resolution. Since his fourth report to the Security Council, the Prosecutor has "reasonable grounds to believe that the named persons [in UN Security Council Resolution 1593] have committed crimes against humanity and war crimes," but he found insufficient evidence to prosecute for genocide.', 0.99242437, 1)
('In 1368, a Han Chinese revolt known as the Red Turban Rebellion toppled the Mongol Yuan dynasty in China. Zhu Yuanzhang then established the Ming dynasty, ruling as the Hongwu Emperor (r. 1368–1398). It is not clear how much the early Ming court understood the civil war going on in Tibet between rival religious sects, but the first emperor was anxious to avoid the same trouble that Tibet had caused for the Tang dynasty. Instead of recognizing the Phagmodru ruler, the Hongwu Emperor sided with the Karmapa of the nearer Kham region and southeastern Tibet, sending envoys out in the winter of 1372–1373 to ask the Yuan officeholders to renew their titles for the new Ming court.', ' In 1368, a Han Chinese rebellion known as the Red Turban Rebellion overthrew the Mongol Yuan dynasty in China. Zhu Yuanzhang then established the Ming dynasty and ruled as the Hongwu Emperor (r. 1368–1398). It is uncertain to what extent the early Ming court was informed about the civil war taking place in Tibet between rival religious sects. However, the first emperor was eager to avoid the same troubles that Tibet had caused for the Tang dynasty. Instead of recognizing the Phagmodru ruler, the Hongwu Emperor allied with the Karmapa of the nearby Kham region and southeastern Tibet. He dispatched envoys during the winter of 1372–1373 to request that the Yuan officeholders renew their titles for the new Ming court.', 0.99243796, 1)
("Real estate is a major force in the city's economy, as the total value of all New York City property was assessed at US$914.8 billion for the 2015 fiscal year. The Time Warner Center is the property with the highest-listed market value in the city, at US$1.1 billion in 2006. New York City is home to some of the nation's—and the world's—most valuable real estate. 450 Park Avenue was sold on July 2, 2007 for US$510 million, about $1,589 per square foot ($17,104/m²), breaking the barely month-old record for an American office building of $1,476 per square foot ($15,887/m²) set in the June 2007 sale of 660 Madison Avenue. According to Forbes, in 2014, Manhattan was home to six of the top ten zip codes in the United States by median housing price.", "Real estate is a significant contributor to the city's economy, with the total value of all New York City property assessed at US$914.8 billion for the 2015 fiscal year. The Time Warner Center holds the highest-listed market value in the city, at US$1.1 billion in 2006. New York City is home to some of the nation's and the world's most valuable real estate. 450 Park Avenue was sold on July 2, 2007 for US$510 million, approximately US$1,589 per square foot ($17,104/m²), shattering the barely month-old record for an American office building of US$1,476 per square foot ($15,887/m²) set in the June 2007 sale of 660 Madison Avenue. According to Forbes, Manhattan was home to six of the top ten zip codes in the United States by median housing price in 2014.", 0.992455, 1)
('The Mayor and council members are elected to four-year terms. The City Council is a unicameral body consisting of 51 council members whose districts are defined by geographic population boundaries. Each term for the mayor and council members lasts four years and has a three consecutive-term limit, but can resume after a four-year break. The New York City Administrative Code, the New York City Rules, and the City Record are the code of local laws, compilation of regulations, and official journal, respectively.', ' The mayor and aldermen are elected for four-year terms. The City Council is a unicameral institution consisting of 51 aldermen, whose districts are defined by population boundaries. Each term for the mayor and aldermen lasts four years and has a three-term limitation in succession, but can continue after a four-year break. The New York City Administrative Code, New York City Rules, and City Record form the local legislation, collection of rules, and official newspaper, respectively.', 0.99246347, 1)
('The university owns several centers around the world used for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support. The university has had a presence in London, England, since 1968. Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square. The center enables the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia. Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome.', ' The university has several centers around the world for international studies and research, conferences abroad, and alumni support. Since 1968, it has had a presence in London, England. Since 1998, its London center has been based in the former United University Club at 1 Suffolk Street in Trafalgar Square. The center allows the Colleges of Arts & Letters, Business Administration, Science, Engineering and the Law School to develop their own programs in London, as well as hosting conferences and symposia. Other Global Gateways are located in Beijing, Chicago, Dublin, Jerusalem and Rome.', 0.9924897, 1)
("The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, modeled after German Catholic journals. It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy. For 44 years, the Review was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch. Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank O'Malley, Leo Richard Ward, F. A. Hermens, and John U. Nef. It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition.", ' The Review of Politics was founded in 1939 by Gurian, inspired by German Catholic journals. It quickly emerged as part of an international Catholic intellectual revival, offering an alternative vision to positivist philosophy. For 44 years, it was edited by Gurian, Matthew Fitzsimons, Frederick Crosson, and Thomas Stritch. Intellectual leaders included Gurian, Jacques Maritain, Frank OMalley, Leo Richard Ward, F. A. Hermens, and John U. Nef. It became a major forum for political ideas and modern political concerns, especially from a Catholic and scholastic tradition.', 0.9924909, 1)
('The novel has been noted for its poignant exploration of different forms of courage. Scout\'s impulsive inclination to fight students who insult Atticus reflects her attempt to stand up for him and defend him. Atticus is the moral center of the novel, however, and he teaches Jem one of the most significant lessons of courage. In a statement that foreshadows Atticus\' motivation for defending Tom Robinson and describes Mrs. Dubose, who is determined to break herself of a morphine addiction, Atticus tells Jem that courage is "when you\'re licked before you begin but you begin anyway and you see it through no matter what".', ' The novel is noted for its sensitive exploration of different forms of courage. Scout\'s impulsive inclination to fight students who insult Atticus reflects her attempt to defend him. Atticus is the ethical center of the novel, but he teaches Jem one of the most significant lessons of courage. In a statement that foreshadows Atticus motivation for defending Tom Robinson and describes Mrs. Dubose, who is determined to break herself of a morphine addiction, Atticus tells Jem that courage is "when you\'re licked before you begin but you begin anyway and you see it through no matter what".', 0.99252886, 1)
('The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission, creating the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve a number of goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services, transportation, and water.As of 2012[update] four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver. Notre Dame\'s dining services sources 40% of its food locally and offers sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade, and vegan options. On the Sustainable Endowments Institute\'s College Sustainability Report Card 2010, University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade. The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies. Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology is a current faculty member.', ' The University of Notre Dame has made being a sustainability leader an integral part of its mission and established the Office of Sustainability in 2008 to achieve goals in the areas of power generation, design and construction, waste reduction, procurement, food services and transportation. As of 2012 [update], four building construction projects were pursuing LEED-Certified status and three were pursuing LEED Silver. Notre Dame\'s dining services source 40% of their food locally and offer sustainably caught seafood as well as many organic, fair-trade and vegan options. On the Sustainable Endowments Institute\'s College Sustainability Report Card 2010, the University of Notre Dame received a "B" grade. The university also houses the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies. Father Gustavo Gutierrez, the founder of Liberation Theology, is a current faculty member.', 0.99257207, 1)
('Beyoncé names Michael Jackson as her major musical influence. Aged five, Beyoncé attended her first ever concert where Jackson performed and she claims to have realised her purpose. When she presented him with a tribute award at the World Music Awards in 2006, Beyoncé said, "if it wasn\'t for Michael Jackson, I would never ever have performed." She admires Diana Ross as an "all-around entertainer" and Whitney Houston, who she said "inspired me to get up there and do what she did." She credits Mariah Carey\'s singing and her song "Vision of Love" as influencing her to begin practicing vocal runs as a child. Her other musical influences include Aaliyah, Prince, Lauryn Hill, Sade Adu, Donna Summer, Mary J. Blige, Janet Jackson, Anita Baker and Rachelle Ferrell.', ' Beyoncé names Michael Jackson as her biggest musical influence. At the age of five, Beyoncé attended her first concert ever where Jackson performed, and she claims to have discovered her calling. When she presented him with a tribute award during the World Music Awards in 2006, Beyoncé said: "I wouldn\'t have performed if it weren\'t for Michael Jackson." She refers to Diana Ross as a "jack-of-all-trades entertainer" and credits Whitney Houston with inspiring her to perform. She cites Mariah Carey\'s singing and the song "Vision of Love" as the influences that made her practice vocal runs as a child. Her other musical influences include Aaliyah, Prince, Lauryn Hill, Sade Adu, Donna Summer, Mary J. Blige, Janet Jackson, Anita Baker, and Rachelle Ferrell. (Note: In Dutch, we call someone a "jack-of-all-trades entertainer" to mean someone who can sing, dance, and act well.)', 0.9925883, 1)
("Sociologists and criminologists have not reached consensus on the explanation for the dramatic decrease in the city's crime rate. Some attribute the phenomenon to new tactics used by the NYPD, including its use of CompStat and the broken windows theory. Others cite the end of the crack epidemic and demographic changes, including from immigration. Another theory is that widespread exposure to lead pollution from automobile exhaust, which can lower intelligence and increase aggression levels, incited the initial crime wave in the mid-20th century, most acutely affecting heavily trafficked cities like New York. A strong correlation was found demonstrating that violent crime rates in New York and other big cities began to fall after lead was removed from American gasoline in the 1970s. Another theory cited to explain New York City's falling homicide rate is the inverse correlation between the number of murders and the increasingly wetter climate in the city.", "Sociologists and criminologists have not reached a consensus on the reason for the significant decrease in the city's crime rate. Some attribute this phenomenon to new tactics used by the NYPD, such as CompStat and the broken windows theory. Others refer to the end of the crack epidemic and demographic changes, including immigration. Another theory is that the widespread exposure to lead pollution from automobile exhaust, which can lower intelligence and increase aggression levels, triggered the initial crime wave in the mid-20th century, most notably in heavily trafficked cities like New York. A strong correlation was found between violent crime rates in New York and other big cities beginning to fall after lead was removed from American gasoline in the 1970s. Another explanation for New York City's falling homicide rate is the inverse correlation between the number of murders and the increasingly wetter climate in the city.", 0.99259317, 1)
('Many Fortune 500 corporations are headquartered in New York City, as are a large number of foreign corporations. One out of ten private sector jobs in the city is with a foreign company. New York City has been ranked first among cities across the globe in attracting capital, business, and tourists. This ability to attract foreign investment helped New York City top the FDi Magazine American Cities of the Future ranking for 2013.', ' Over 500 Fortune 500 companies have their headquarters in New York City, in addition to a large number of foreign companies. One in ten jobs in the private sector in the city are with a foreign company. New York City has been ranked first among cities worldwide in terms of attracting capital, business, and tourists. This ability to attract foreign investment helped New York City secure the top spot in the FDi Magazine American Cities of the Future ranking for 2013.', 0.9926182, 1)
('The book has also been adapted as a play by Christopher Sergel. It debuted in 1990 in Monroeville, a town that labels itself "The Literary Capital of Alabama". The play runs every May on the county courthouse grounds and townspeople make up the cast. White male audience members are chosen at the intermission to make up the jury. During the courtroom scene the production moves into the Monroe County Courthouse and the audience is racially segregated. Author Albert Murray said of the relationship of the town to the novel (and the annual performance): "It becomes part of the town ritual, like the religious underpinning of Mardi Gras. With the whole town crowded around the actual courthouse, it\'s part of a central, civic education—what Monroeville aspires to be."', ' The book has also been filmed as a play by Christopher Sergel. It debuted in 1990 in Monroeville, a place that calls itself "The Literary Capital of Alabama." The play is performed every May on the county courthouse grounds and by the residents. White male audience members are selected during the intermission to serve on the jury. During the courtroom scene, the production moves to the Monroe County Courthouse and the audience is racially segregated. Author Albert Murray on the relationship between the place and the book (and the annual performance): "It is part of the local rituals, just like the religious foundation of Mardi Gras. With the entire town surrounding the real building, it is part of the central, civic education of Monroeville."', 0.9926214, 1)
('There has been much debate over categorizing the situation in Darfur as genocide. The ongoing conflict in Darfur, Sudan, which started in 2003, was declared a "genocide" by United States Secretary of State Colin Powell on 9 September 2004 in testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Since that time however, no other permanent member of the UN Security Council followed suit. In fact, in January 2005, an International Commission of Inquiry on Darfur, authorized by UN Security Council Resolution 1564 of 2004, issued a report to the Secretary-General stating that "the Government of the Sudan has not pursued a policy of genocide." Nevertheless, the Commission cautioned that "The conclusion that no genocidal policy has been pursued and implemented in Darfur by the Government authorities, directly or through the militias under their control, should not be taken in any way as detracting from the gravity of the crimes perpetrated in that region. International offences such as the crimes against humanity and war crimes that have been committed in Darfur may be no less serious and heinous than genocide."', 'There has been much debate about classifying the situation in Darfur, Sudan, as genocide. The conflict in Darfur, Sudan, which began in 2003, was declared "genocide" by US Secretary of State Colin Powell before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on September 9, 2004. However, since then, no permanent member of the United Nations Security Council has followed this example. In fact, an International Commission of Inquiry on Darfur, authorized by Security Council Resolution 1564 of 2004, reported to the Secretary-General in January 2005 that "the Government of Sudan has not pursued genocidal policies." Nevertheless, the Commission warned that "The finding that no genocidal policies have been pursued and are being implemented by the authorities in Darfur, directly or by the militias under their control, in no way diminishes the gravity and shamefulness of the crimes committed in that region."', 0.99265116, 1)
('The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess (Japanese: ゼルダの伝説 トワイライトプリンセス, Hepburn: Zeruda no Densetsu: Towairaito Purinsesu?) is an action-adventure game developed and published by Nintendo for the GameCube and Wii home video game consoles. It is the thirteenth installment in the The Legend of Zelda series. Originally planned for release on the GameCube in November 2005, Twilight Princess was delayed by Nintendo to allow its developers to refine the game, add more content, and port it to the Wii. The Wii version was released alongside the console in North America in November 2006, and in Japan, Europe, and Australia the following month. The GameCube version was released worldwide in December 2006.[b]', ' The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess (Japanese: Zelda no Densetsu: Twilight Princess, Hepburn: Zeruda no Densetsu: Towairaito Purinsesu?) is an action-adventure game developed and published by Nintendo for the GameCube and Wii home video game consoles. It is the thirteenth installment in the The Legend of Zelda series. Originally planned for release on the GameCube in November 2005, Twilight Princess was delayed by Nintendo to allow its developers to refine the game, add more content, and port it to the Wii. The Wii version was released alongside the console in North America in November 2006, and in Japan, Europe, and Australia the following month. The GameCube version was released worldwide in December 2006.', 0.99265707, 1)
("The Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace. It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies. It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B. Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc. The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev. Theodore M. Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame. The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices.", " The Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education, and exchange on the causes of violent conflicts and the conditions for sustainable peace. It offers PhD, Masters, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies. It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B. Kroc, widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc. The institute is inspired by the vision of the Very Reverend Theodore M. Hesburgh CSC, Emeritus-Rector of the University of Notre Dame. The institute has contributed to international policy discussions on peacebuilding practices.", 0.992725, 1)
("Sheriff Tate arrives and discovers that Bob Ewell has died during the fight. The sheriff argues with Atticus about the prudence and ethics of charging Jem (whom Atticus believes to be responsible) or Boo (whom Tate believes to be responsible). Atticus eventually accepts the sheriff's story that Ewell simply fell on his own knife. Boo asks Scout to walk him home, and after she says goodbye to him at his front door he disappears again. While standing on the Radley porch, Scout imagines life from Boo's perspective, and regrets that they had never repaid him for the gifts he had given them.", "Sheriff Tate arrives and discovers that Bob Ewell has died during the fight. The sheriff questions Atticus about the fairness and ethics of charging Jem (the one Atticus believes to be responsible) or Boo (the one the sheriff believes to be responsible). Atticus eventually accepts the sheriff's story that Ewell fell on his own knife. Boo asks Scout to walk him home, and after she says goodbye to him at his front door, he disappears again. While standing on the Radley porch, Scout imagines what life must be like for Boo, and regrets that we had never repaid him for the gifts he had given us.", 0.9927295, 1)
('In 1974, the unmanned AstroFlight Sunrise plane made the first solar flight. On 29 April 1979, the Solar Riser made the first flight in a solar-powered, fully controlled, man carrying flying machine, reaching an altitude of 40 feet (12 m). In 1980, the Gossamer Penguin made the first piloted flights powered solely by photovoltaics. This was quickly followed by the Solar Challenger which crossed the English Channel in July 1981. In 1990 Eric Scott Raymond in 21 hops flew from California to North Carolina using solar power. Developments then turned back to unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) with the Pathfinder (1997) and subsequent designs, culminating in the Helios which set the altitude record for a non-rocket-propelled aircraft at 29,524 metres (96,864 ft) in 2001. The Zephyr, developed by BAE Systems, is the latest in a line of record-breaking solar aircraft, making a 54-hour flight in 2007, and month-long flights were envisioned by 2010. As of 2015, Solar Impulse, an electric aircraft, is currently circumnavigating the globe. It is a single-seat plane powered by solar cells and capable of taking off under its own power. The designed allows the aircraft to remain airborne for 36 hours.', 'In 1974, the unmanned AstroFlight Sunrise airplane made the first solar flight. On April 29, 1979, the Solar Riser made the first flight in a sun-powered, fully controllable, manned airplane, reaching a height of 40 feet (12 m). In 1980, the Gossamer Penguin made the first solar-powered, winged flights, solely propelled by photovoltaics. This was quickly followed by the Solar Challenger, which crossed the English Channel in July 1981. In 1990, Eric Scott Raymond flew from California to North Carolina in 21 jumps using solar wind. Afterwards, developments returned to unmanned solar-powered aircraft (UAV), with the Pathfinder (1997) and subsequent designs, culminating in the Helios which reached an altitude of 29,524 meters (96,864 ft) in 2001. The Zephyr, developed by BAE Systems, is the latest in a series of record-breaking solar-powered airplanes, which made a 54-hour flight in 2007, and from 2010, month-long flights were planned. Since 2015, Solar Impulse, an electric airplane, has been circumnavigating the world. It is a single-seat airplane, powered by solar cells and capable of taking off under its own power. The design shows the airplane able to fly for 36 hours.', 0.99273586, 0)
("In 1738, Sebastião José de Carvalho e Melo, 1st Marquis of Pombal, began a diplomatic career as the Portuguese Ambassador in London and later in Vienna. The Queen consort of Portugal, Archduchess Maria Anne Josefa of Austria, was fond of Melo; and after his first wife died, she arranged the widowed de Melo's second marriage to the daughter of the Austrian Field Marshal Leopold Josef, Count von Daun. King John V of Portugal, however, was not pleased and recalled Melo to Portugal in 1749. John V died the following year and his son, Joseph I of Portugal, was crowned. In contrast to his father, Joseph I was fond of de Melo, and with the Queen Mother's approval, he appointed Melo as Minister of Foreign Affairs.", " In 1738, Sebastião José de Carvalho e Melo, 1st Marquis of Pombal, began his diplomatic career as the Portuguese ambassador in London and later in Vienna. The Queen of Portugal, Archduchess Maria Anna Josefa of Austria, was fond of Melo; and after the death of his first wife, she arranged for Melo to marry the daughter of the Austrian field marshal Leopold Josef, Count von Daun. King John V of Portugal was not pleased with this and recalled Melo to Portugal in 1749. John V died the following year and his son, Joseph I of Portugal, was crowned. Unlike his father, Joseph I was fond of Melo and, with the queen mother's permission, appointed him Minister of Foreign Affairs.", 0.99275327, 1)
("But Sebastião de Melo's greatest reforms were economic and financial, with the creation of several companies and guilds to regulate every commercial activity. He demarcated the region for production of Port to ensure the wine's quality, and this was the first attempt to control wine quality and production in Europe. He ruled with a strong hand by imposing strict law upon all classes of Portuguese society from the high nobility to the poorest working class, along with a widespread review of the country's tax system. These reforms gained him enemies in the upper classes, especially among the high nobility, who despised him as a social upstart.", " But Sebastião de Melos' greatest reforms were economic and financial, with the creation of various companies and guilds to regulate every commercial activity. He demarcated the region for the production of Port wine, and this was the first attempt to control wine quality and production in Europe. He ruled with a strong hand by imposing strict laws upon all classes of Portuguese society from the highest nobility to the poorest working class, along with a widespread review of the country's tax system. These reforms gained him enemies in the upper classes, especially among the high nobility, who despised him as a social upstart.", 0.9927991, 1)
('Average annual precipitation is 15 inches (380 mm), but great variations are seen. The mountain ranges block the moist Pacific air, holding moisture in the western valleys, and creating rain shadows to the east. Heron, in the west, receives the most precipitation, 34.70 inches (881 mm). On the eastern (leeward) side of a mountain range, the valleys are much drier; Lonepine averages 11.45 inches (291 mm), and Deer Lodge 11.00 inches (279 mm) of precipitation. The mountains themselves can receive over 100 inches (2,500 mm), for example the Grinnell Glacier in Glacier National Park gets 105 inches (2,700 mm). An area southwest of Belfry averaged only 6.59 inches (167 mm) over a sixteen-year period. Most of the larger cities get 30 to 50 inches or 0.76 to 1.27 metres of snow each year. Mountain ranges themselves can accumulate 300 inches or 7.62 metres of snow during a winter. Heavy snowstorms may occur any time from September through May, though most snow falls from November to March.', ' The average annual precipitation is 15 inches (380 mm), but large variations are noticeable. Mountain ranges block the moist Pacific air, causing moisture to accumulate in western valleys and creating rain shadows on the eastern sides. Heron, in the west, receives the most precipitation, namely 34.70 inches (881 mm). On the eastern (leeward) side of a mountain range, valleys are much drier; Heron receives 11.45 inches (291 mm) and Deer Lodge 11.0 inches (279 mm). The mountain itself can receive over 100 inches (2,500 mm), for example, Grinnell Glacier in Glacier National Park receives 105 inches (2,700 mm). An area to the southwest of Belfry received an average of only 6.59 inches (167 mm) over a period of sixteen years. The larger cities receive an average of 30 to 50 inches or 0.76 to 1.27 meters of snow per year. Mountain ranges can accumulate up to 300 inches or 7.62 meters of snow during a winter. Heavy snowstorms can occur every season, although most snow falls from September to March.', 0.9928005, 1)
('Of the third Dalai Lama, China Daily states that the "Ming dynasty showed him special favor by allowing him to pay tribute." China Daily then says that Sonam Gyatso was granted the title Dorjichang or Vajradhara Dalai Lama in 1587 [sic!], but China Daily does not mention who granted him the title. Without mentioning the role of the Mongols, China Daily states that it was the successive Qing dynasty which established the title of Dalai Lama and his power in Tibet: "In 1653, the Qing emperor granted an honorific title to the fifth Dalai Lama and then did the same for the fifth Panchen Lama in 1713, officially establishing the titles of the Dalai Lama and the Panchen Erdeni, and their political and religious status in Tibet."', 'About the third Dalai Lama, China Daily reports that the Ming dynasty showed him special favor by allowing him to pay tribute. China Daily then mentions that Sonam Gyatso received the title Dorjichang or Vajradhara Dalai Lama in 1587, but China Daily does not mention who granted him the title. The role of the Mongols is not mentioned, and China Daily states that it was the succeeding Qing dynasty which established the title of Dalai Lama and his power in Tibet: In 1653, the Qing emperor granted an honorific title to the fifth Dalai Lama and then did the same for the fifth Panchen Lama in 1713, officially establishing the titles of the Dalai Lama and the Panchen Erdeni, and their political and religious status in Tibet.', 0.99282795, 1)
('It was temporarily under the control of the Tibetan empire and Chinese from 650–680 and then under the control of the Umayyads in 710. The Samanid Empire, 819 to 999, restored Persian control of the region and enlarged the cities of Samarkand and Bukhara (both cities are today part of Uzbekistan) which became the cultural centers of Iran and the region was known as Khorasan. The Kara-Khanid Khanate conquered Transoxania (which corresponds approximately with modern-day Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, southern Kyrgyzstan and southwest Kazakhstan) and ruled between 999–1211. Their arrival in Transoxania signaled a definitive shift from Iranian to Turkic predominance in Central Asia, but gradually the Kara-khanids became assimilated into the Perso-Arab Muslim culture of the region.', ' The region was temporarily under the control of the Tibetan empire and the Chinese (650–680), and then under the control of the Umayyads (710). The Samanid Empire (819-999) restored Persian control over the region and enlarged the cities of Samarkand and Bukhara (both cities are today part of Uzbekistan), which became the cultural centers of Iran. The Kara-Khanid Khanate conquered Transoxania (which corresponds approximately with modern-day Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, southern Kyrgyzstan and southwest Kazakhstan) and ruled between 999–1211. Their arrival in Transoxania signaled a definitive shift from Iranian to Turkic predominance in Central Asia, but gradually the Kara-khanids became assimilated into the Perso-Arab Muslim culture of the region.', 0.9928539, 1)
('With a total area of 147,040 square miles (380,800 km2), Montana is slightly larger than Japan. It is the fourth largest state in the United States after Alaska, Texas, and California; the largest landlocked U.S. state; and the 56th largest national state/province subdivision in the world. To the north, Montana shares a 545-mile (877 km) border with three Canadian provinces: British Columbia, Alberta, and Saskatchewan, the only state to do so. It borders North Dakota and South Dakota to the east, Wyoming to the south and Idaho to the west and southwest.', ' With a total area of 380,800 km² (1,47 million m²), Montana is larger than Japan. It is the fourth largest state in the United States after Alaska, Texas and California; the largest landlocked state in the United States; and the 56th largest sub-national entity in the world. In the north, Montana borders three Canadian provinces: British Columbia, Alberta and Saskatchewan, the only state that does so. To the east, it borders North Dakota and South Dakota. To the south, it borders Wyoming. To the west and southwest, it borders Idaho.', 0.9928944, 1)
('Helmut Hoffman states that the Ming upheld the facade of rule over Tibet through periodic missions of "tribute emissaries" to the Ming court and by granting nominal titles to ruling lamas, but did not actually interfere in Tibetan governance. Melvyn C. Goldstein writes that the Ming had no real administrative authority over Tibet, as the various titles given to Tibetan leaders did not confer authority as the earlier Mongol Yuan titles had. He asserts that "by conferring titles on Tibetans already in power, the Ming emperors merely recognized political reality." Hugh Edward Richardson writes that the Ming dynasty exercised no authority over the succession of Tibetan ruling families, the Phagmodru (1354–1435), Rinpungpa (1435–1565), and Tsangpa (1565–1642).', 'Helmut Hoffman states that the Ming maintained the appearance of rule over Tibet through periodic missions of "tribute emissaries" to the Ming court and by granting nominal titles to ruling lamas, but did not actually interfere in Tibetan governance. Melvyn C. Goldstein writes that the Ming had no real administrative authority over Tibet, as the various titles given to Tibetan leaders did not confer authority as the earlier Mongol Yuan titles had. He asserts that "by conferring titles on Tibetans already in power, the Ming emperors merely recognized political reality." Hugh Richardson writes that the Ming dynasty exercised no authority over the succession of Tibetan ruling families, the Phagmodru (1354–1435), Rinpungpa (1435–1565), and Tsangpa (1565–1642).', 0.99292207, 1)
("Notre Dame's conference affiliations for all of its sports except football and fencing changed in July 2013 as a result of major conference realignment, and its fencing affiliation will change in July 2014. The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a prolonged period of instability in the Big East; while they maintain their football independence, they have committed to play five games per season against ACC opponents. In ice hockey, the Irish were forced to find a new conference home after the Big Ten Conference's decision to add the sport in 2013–14 led to a cascade of conference moves that culminated in the dissolution of the school's former hockey home, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season. Notre Dame moved its hockey team to Hockey East. After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced it would add fencing as a sponsored sport beginning in the 2014–15 school year. There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletics moniker but it is known that the Fighting Irish name was used in the early 1920s with respect to the football team and was popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns. The official colors of Notre Dame are Navy Blue and Gold Rush which are worn in competition by its athletic teams. In addition, the color green is often worn because of the Fighting Irish nickname. The Notre Dame Leprechaun is the mascot of the athletic teams. Created by Theodore W. Drake in 1964, the leprechaun was first used on the football pocket schedule and later on the football program covers. The leprechaun was featured on the cover of Time in November 1964 and gained national exposure.", ' The Notre Dame-conference affiliations for all sports, except football and fencing, changed in July 2013 as a result of an extensive period of conference realignment. The fencing affiliation will change in July 2014. The Irish left the Big East for the ACC during a period of instability within the Big East; while they maintained football independence, they were obligated to play five games per season against ACC teams. In ice hockey, Notre Dame had to find a new conference home after the Big Ten\'s decision to add the sport in the 2013–14 season, which ultimately led to the dissolution of the schools former ice hockey home base, the Central Collegiate Hockey Association, after the 2012–13 season. Notre Dame moved its ice hockey team to Hockey East. After Notre Dame joined the ACC, the conference announced that they would recognize fencing as a sponsored sport starting from the 2014–15 academic year. There are many theories behind the adoption of the athletic name, but it is known that the name "Fighting Irish" was used in relation to the football team in the early 1920s and popularized by alumnus Francis Wallace in his New York Daily News columns. The official colors.', 0.9929301, 1)
('P. Christiaan Klieger, an anthropologist and scholar of the California Academy of Sciences in San Francisco, writes that the vice royalty of the Sakya regime installed by the Mongols established a patron and priest relationship between Tibetans and Mongol converts to Tibetan Buddhism. According to him, the Tibetan lamas and Mongol khans upheld a "mutual role of religious prelate and secular patron," respectively. He adds that "Although agreements were made between Tibetan leaders and Mongol khans, Ming and Qing emperors, it was the Republic of China and its Communist successors that assumed the former imperial tributaries and subject states as integral parts of the Chinese nation-state."', ' P. Christiaan Klieger, an anthropologist and scholar of the California Academy of Sciences in San Francisco writes that the vice-regime of the Sakya regime installed by the Mongols created a patron-priest relationship between Tibetans and Mongol converts to Tibetan Buddhism. According to him, the Tibetan lamas and Mongol khans each held the role of religious prelate and secular patron, respectively. He adds that "although agreements were made between Tibetan leaders and Mongol khans, Ming and Qing emperors, it was the Republic of China and its Communist successors that assumed the former imperial tributaries and subject states as integral parts of the Chinese nation-state."', 0.9929302, 1)
("The earliest recorded history of the region dates back to about 500 BCE when much, if not all, of modern Tajikistan was part of the Achaemenid Empire. Some authors have also suggested that in the 7th and 6th century BCE parts of modern Tajikistan, including territories in the Zeravshan valley, formed part of Kambojas before it became part of the Achaemenid Empire. After the region's conquest by Alexander the Great it became part of the Greco-Bactrian Kingdom, a successor state of Alexander's empire. Northern Tajikistan (the cities of Khujand and Panjakent) was part of Sogdia, a collection of city-states which was overrun by Scythians and Yuezhi nomadic tribes around 150 BCE. The Silk Road passed through the region and following the expedition of Chinese explorer Zhang Qian during the reign of Wudi (141–87 BCE) commercial relations between Han China and Sogdiana flourished. Sogdians played a major role in facilitating trade and also worked in other capacities, as farmers, carpetweavers, glassmakers, and woodcarvers.", ' The earliest recorded history of the region dates back to around 500 BCE when most, if not all, of modern Tajikistan was part of the Achaemenid Empire. Some authors have also suggested that parts of modern Tajikistan, including territories in the Zeravshan valley, were part of the Kambojas before it became part of the Achaemenid Empire. After the regions conquest by Alexander the Great it became part of the Greco-Bactrian Kingdom, a successor state of Alexanders empire. Northern Tajikistan (the cities of Khujand and Panjakent) was part of Sogdia, a collection of city-states which was overrun by Scythians and Yuezhi nomadic tribes around 150 BCE. The Silk Road passed through the region and following the expedition of Chinese explorer Zhang Qian during the reign of Wudi (141–87 BCE) commercial relations between Han China and Sogdiana flourished. Sogdians played a major role in facilitating trade and also worked in other capacities, as farmers, carpetweavers, glassmakers, and woodcarvers.', 0.99293613, 1)
('In 2005, Apple faced two lawsuits claiming patent infringement by the iPod line and its associated technologies: Advanced Audio Devices claimed the iPod line breached its patent on a "music jukebox", while a Hong Kong-based IP portfolio company called Pat-rights filed a suit claiming that Apple\'s FairPlay technology breached a patent issued to inventor Ho Keung Tse. The latter case also includes the online music stores of Sony, RealNetworks, Napster, and Musicmatch as defendants.', ' In 2005, Apple was sued for patent infringement in two lawsuits. Regarding the iPod line and its associated technologies, Advanced Audio Devices claimed that Apple breached their "music jukebox" patent. Additionally, a Hong Kong-based IP portfolio company called Pat-rights filed a suit, alleging that Apple\'s FairPlay technology infringed upon a patent issued to inventor Ho Keung Tse. The Pat-rights case also named the online music stores of Sony, RealNetworks, Napster, and Musicmatch as defendants.', 0.99293756, 1)
('Commercial CSP plants were first developed in the 1980s. Since 1985 the eventually 354 MW SEGS CSP installation, in the Mojave Desert of California, is the largest solar power plant in the world. Other large CSP plants include the 150 MW Solnova Solar Power Station and the 100 MW Andasol solar power station, both in Spain. The 250 MW Agua Caliente Solar Project, in the United States, and the 221 MW Charanka Solar Park in India, are the world’s largest photovoltaic plants. Solar projects exceeding 1 GW are being developed, but most of the deployed photovoltaics are in small rooftop arrays of less than 5 kW, which are grid connected using net metering and/or a feed-in tariff. In 2013 solar generated less than 1% of the worlds total grid electricity.', ' Commercial CSP-installations were first developed in the 1980s. Since 1985, the largest CSP plant in the world, the 354 MW SEGS CSP-installation in the Mojave Desert of California, has been in operation. Other large CSP installations include the 150 MW Solnova Solar Power Station and the 100 MW Andasol Solar Power Station, both in Spain. The 250 MW Agua Caliente Solar Project in the United States and the 221 MW Charanka Solar Park in India are the largest solar photovoltaic projects in the world. Solar projects that exceed 1 GW are being developed, but most operational solar photovoltaic installations are small rooftop projects of less than 5 kW, which are connected to the grid through net metering and/or a feed-in tariff. In 2013, solar wind provided less than 1% of the worldwide total grid-electricity.', 0.99295616, 1)
('In the PAL region, which covers most of Africa, Asia, Europe, and Oceania, Twilight Princess is the best-selling entry in the Zelda series. During its first week, the game was sold with three of every four Wii purchases. The game had sold 5.82 million copies on the Wii as of March 31, 2011[update], and 1.32 million on the GameCube as of March 31, 2007[update].', ' In the PAL region, which covers most of Africa, Asia, Europe, and Oceania, Twilight Princess is the best-selling entry in the Zelda series. During its first week, the game was sold with three out of every four Wii purchases. The game had sold 5.82 million copies on the Wii as of March 31, 2011[update], and 1.32 million on the GameCube as of March 31, 2007[update].Translation: In the PAL region, which encompasses most of Africa, Asia, Europe, and Oceania, Twilight Princess is the top-selling game in the Zelda series. In its first week, the game was purchased with three out of every four Wii consoles. As of March 31, 2011[update], 5.82 million copies of the game had been sold on the Wii, and 1.32 million copies had been sold on the GameCube as of March 31, 2007[update].', 0.99298406, 1)
("Anthropology and many other current fields are the intellectual results of the comparative methods developed in the earlier 19th century. Theorists in such diverse fields as anatomy, linguistics, and Ethnology, making feature-by-feature comparisons of their subject matters, were beginning to suspect that similarities between animals, languages, and folkways were the result of processes or laws unknown to them then. For them, the publication of Charles Darwin's On the Origin of Species was the epiphany of everything they had begun to suspect. Darwin himself arrived at his conclusions through comparison of species he had seen in agronomy and in the wild.", ' Anthropology and many other current fields are the intellectual results of the comparative methods developed in the early 19th century. Theorists in such diverse fields as anatomy, linguistics and Ethnology, making feature-by-feature comparisons of their subjects, began to suspect that similarities between animals, languages and folkways were the result of processes or laws unknown to them then. For them, the publication of Charles Darwin\'s "On the Origin of Species" was the epiphany of all that they had begun to suspect. Darwin himself arrived at his conclusions through comparison of species he had seen in agriculture and in the wild.', 0.9930569, 1)
('Beyoncé attended St. Mary\'s Elementary School in Fredericksburg, Texas, where she enrolled in dance classes. Her singing talent was discovered when dance instructor Darlette Johnson began humming a song and she finished it, able to hit the high-pitched notes. Beyoncé\'s interest in music and performing continued after winning a school talent show at age seven, singing John Lennon\'s "Imagine" to beat 15/16-year-olds. In fall of 1990, Beyoncé enrolled in Parker Elementary School, a music magnet school in Houston, where she would perform with the school\'s choir. She also attended the High School for the Performing and Visual Arts and later Alief Elsik High School. Beyoncé was also a member of the choir at St. John\'s United Methodist Church as a soloist for two years.', ' Beyoncé visited St. Mary\'s Elementary School in Fredericksburg, Texas, where she enrolled for dancing lessons. Her singing talent was discovered when dancing teacher Darlette Johnson began singing a song and she finished it, reaching high-pitched notes. Beyoncé\'s interest in music and performing continued after winning a school talent show at the age of seven, singing "Imagine" by John Lennon to defeat 15/16-year-olds. In the fall of 1990, Beyoncé enrolled at Parker Elementary School, a music magnet school in Houston, where she was to perform with the school choir. She also attended the High School for the Performing and Visual Arts and later Alief Elsik High School. Beyoncé was also a choir member at St. John\'s United Methodist Church as a soloist for two years.', 0.993093, 1)
("Chopin's tombstone, featuring the muse of music, Euterpe, weeping over a broken lyre, was designed and sculpted by Clésinger. The expenses of the funeral and monument, amounting to 5,000 francs, were covered by Jane Stirling, who also paid for the return of the composer's sister Ludwika to Warsaw. Ludwika took Chopin's heart in an urn, preserved in alcohol, back to Poland in 1850.[n 9] She also took a collection of two hundred letters from Sand to Chopin; after 1851 these were returned to Sand, who seems to have destroyed them.", " Chopin's gravestone, with Euterpe, the muse of music weeping over a broken lyre, was designed and sculpted by Clésinger. The costs for the funeral and the monument amounted to 5,000 frank and were paid for by Jane Stirling. She also paid for Chopin's sister Ludwika's return journey to Warsaw in 1850. Ludwika took Chopin's heart in an urn, preserved in alcohol, back to Poland. Furthermore, she took a collection of two hundred letters from Sand to Chopin with her. After 1851, she returned these to Sand, who seems to have destroyed them.", 0.9931046, 1)
('Organized crime has long been associated with New York City, beginning with the Forty Thieves and the Roach Guards in the Five Points in the 1820s. The 20th century saw a rise in the Mafia, dominated by the Five Families, as well as in gangs, including the Black Spades. The Mafia presence has declined in the city in the 21st century.', ' Since the 1820s, organized crime has been linked to New York City, with the Forty Thieves and the Roach Guards in Five Points. The 20th century saw a rise in the Mafia, dominated by the Five Families, as well as in gangs, including the Black Spades. The Mafia presence has declined in the city in the 21st century.', 0.9931157, 1)
('The iPod is a line of portable media players and multi-purpose pocket computers designed and marketed by Apple Inc. The first line was released on October 23, 2001, about 8½ months after iTunes (Macintosh version) was released. The most recent iPod redesigns were announced on July 15, 2015. There are three current versions of the iPod: the ultra-compact iPod Shuffle, the compact iPod Nano and the touchscreen iPod Touch.', ' The iPod is a line of portable media players and multifunctional pocket computers designed and promoted by Apple Inc. The first series was released on October 23, 2001, approximately 8½ months after the release of iTunes (Macintosh version). The last iPod designs were announced on July 15, 2015. There are currently three versions of the iPod: the ultra-compact iPod Shuffle, the compact iPod Nano, and the touchscreen iPod Touch.', 0.9931718, 1)
('The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development located adjacent to the University of Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, broke ground on June 3, 2008. The Eddy Street Commons drew union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to construct the public parking garage picketed the private work site after a contractor hired non-union workers. The developer, Kite Realty out of Indianapolis, has made agreements with major national chains rather than local businesses, a move that has led to criticism from alumni and students.', ' [The first phase of Eddy Street Commons, a $215 million development next to the Notre Dame campus and funded by the university, began on June 3, 2008. The Eddy Street Commons resulted in union protests when workers hired by the City of South Bend to build the public parking garage picketed the private construction site after a contractor hired non-registered workers despite protests. The developer, Kite Realty from Indianapolis, made agreements with large national chains instead of local businesses, which has elicited criticism from alumni and students.]', 0.9932267, 1)
("New York grew in importance as a trading port while under British rule in the early 1700s. It also became a center of slavery, with 42% of households holding slaves by 1730, more than any other city other than Charleston, South Carolina. Most slaveholders held a few or several domestic slaves, but others hired them out to work at labor. Slavery became integrally tied to New York's economy through the labor of slaves throughout the port, and the banks and shipping tied to the South. Discovery of the African Burying Ground in the 1990s, during construction of a new federal courthouse near Foley Square, revealed that tens of thousands of Africans had been buried in the area in the colonial years.", " New York grew in importance as a trading hub under British rule in the early 1700s. It also became the center of slavery, with 42% of households having slaves in 1730, more than any other town except Charleston, South Carolina. Most slave owners had domestic slaves, but others rented them out to work. Slavery was intimately connected to New York's economy through the labor of slaves in the harbor, and banks and shipping industries linked New York to the South. The discovery of the African Burying Ground in the 1990s, during the construction of a new federal courthouse at Foley Square, revealed that thousands of Africans were buried there in the colonial years.", 0.99323416, 1)
('At the time the store was introduced, purchased audio files used the AAC format with added encryption, based on the FairPlay DRM system. Up to five authorized computers and an unlimited number of iPods could play the files. Burning the files with iTunes as an audio CD, then re-importing would create music files without the DRM. The DRM could also be removed using third-party software. However, in a deal with Apple, EMI began selling DRM-free, higher-quality songs on the iTunes Stores, in a category called "iTunes Plus." While individual songs were made available at a cost of US$1.29, 30¢ more than the cost of a regular DRM song, entire albums were available for the same price, US$9.99, as DRM encoded albums. On October 17, 2007, Apple lowered the cost of individual iTunes Plus songs to US$0.99 per song, the same as DRM encoded tracks. On January 6, 2009, Apple announced that DRM has been removed from 80% of the music catalog, and that it would be removed from all music by April 2009.', ' When the store was introduced, purchasable audio files used the AAC format with added encryption, based on the FairPlay DRM system. Up to five authorized computers and an unlimited number of iPods could play the files. By burning the files with iTunes as an audio CD and re-importing, music files without DRM were created. The DRM could also be removed using third-party software. But in a deal with Apple, EMI began selling DRM-free, higher-quality songs on the iTunes Stores, in a category called "iTunes Plus". Individual songs cost US$1.29, 30¢ more than the cost of a regular DRM song, but entire albums cost the same price, US$9.99, as DRM encoded albums. On October 17, 2007, Apple lowered the price of individual iTunes Plus songs to US$0.99 per song, the same price as DRM encoded tracks. On January 6, 2009, Apple announced that 80% of the music catalog had been made DRM-free, and that it would be removed from all music by April 2009.', 0.9932991, 1)
("Chopin's life was covered in a BBC TV documentary Chopin – The Women Behind The Music (2010), and in a 2010 documentary realised by Angelo Bozzolini and Roberto Prosseda for Italian television.", ' Chopin\'s life was the subject of a BBC TV documentary called "Chopin – The Women Behind The Music" (2010), and of a 2010 documentary produced by Angelo Bozzolini and Roberto Prosseda for Italian television.', 0.9933059, 1)
('Besides earning a reputation as a respected entertainment device, the iPod has also been accepted as a business device. Government departments, major institutions and international organisations have turned to the iPod line as a delivery mechanism for business communication and training, such as the Royal and Western Infirmaries in Glasgow, Scotland, where iPods are used to train new staff.', ' Besides earning a reputation as a respected entertainment device, the iPod has also been adopted as a business device. Government departments, major institutions, and international organizations have turned to the iPod line as a delivery mechanism for business communication and training. For instance, the Royal and Western Infirmaries in Glasgow, Scotland, use iPods to train new staff.', 0.9933255, 1)
('Like other digital music players, iPods can serve as external data storage devices. Storage capacity varies by model, ranging from 2 GB for the iPod Shuffle to 128 GB for the iPod Touch (previously 160 GB for the iPod Classic, which is now discontinued).', 'Like other digital music players, iPods can function as external data storage devices. The storage capacity of iPods ranges from 2 GB for the iPod Shuffle to 128 GB for the iPod Touch (previously 160 GB for the iPod Classic, which is now discontinued).', 0.9933313, 1)
("Notre Dame alumni work in various fields. Alumni working in political fields include state governors, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice. A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Medicine Nobel Prize winner Eric F. Wieschaus. A number of university heads are alumni, including Notre Dame's current president, the Rev. John Jenkins. Additionally, many alumni are in the media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm. With the university having high profile sports teams itself, a number of alumni went on to become involved in athletics outside the university, including professional baseball, basketball, football, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalist Mariel Zagunis, professional boxer Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley. Other notable alumni include prominent businessman Edward J. DeBartolo, Jr. and astronaut Jim Wetherbee.", ' Alumni of Notre Dame work in various fields. Alumni in political fields include governors of states, members of the United States Congress, and former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice. A notable alumnus of the College of Science is Nobel Prize winner Eric F. Wieschaus. Several university leaders are also alumni, including the current president of Notre Dame, the Rev. John Jenkins. Furthermore, there are many alumni in media, including talk show hosts Regis Philbin and Phil Donahue, and television and radio personalities such as Mike Golic and Hannah Storm. With high-profile sports teams affiliated with the university, there are numerous alumni who have gone on to succeed in the sports world outside of the university, including professional baseball, basketball, soccer, and ice hockey players, such as Joe Theismann, Joe Montana, Tim Brown, Ross Browner, Rocket Ismail, Ruth Riley, Jeff Samardzija, Jerome Bettis, Brett Lebda, Olympic gold medalists Mariel Zagunis, Mike Lee, former football coaches such as Charlie Weis, Frank Leahy, and Knute Rockne, and Basketball Hall of Famers Austin Carr and Adrian Dantley. Other notable alumni include entrepreneur Edward J. DeBartolo, Jr. and astronaut Jim Wetherbee.', 0.993332, 1)
("All of the highways into Wenchuan, and others throughout the province, were damaged, resulting in delayed arrival of the rescue troops. In Beichuan County, 80% of the buildings collapsed according to Xinhua News. In the city of Shifang, the collapse of two chemical plants led to leakage of some 80 tons of liquid ammonia, with hundreds of people reported buried. In the city of Dujiangyan, south-east of the epicenter, a whole school collapsed with 900 students buried and fewer than 60 survived. The Juyuan Middle School, where many teenagers were buried, was excavated by civilians and cranes. Dujiangyan is home of the Dujiangyan Irrigation System, an ancient water diversion project which is still in use and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The project's famous Fish Mouth was cracked but not severely damaged otherwise.", ' All roads to Wenchuan and other areas in the province were damaged, causing delays for rescue teams. In Beichuan County, according to Xinhua news, 80% of the buildings had collapsed. In the city of Shifang, the collapse of two chemical factories caused approximately 80 tons of liquid ammonia to be released, with hundreds of people reported buried. In the city of Dujiangyan, south of the epicenter, an entire school had collapsed with 900 students buried and less than 60 survivors. The Juyuan Middle School, where many adolescents were buried, was dug up by residents and cranes. Dujiangyan is the hometown of the Dujiangyan Irrigation System, an ancient water diversion project still in use and a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The famous Sichuan Giant Panda Sanctuaries, a UNESCO World Heritage Site and a renowned conservation area for pandas, were also affected. The Juyuan Middle School, where many adolescents were buried, was dug up by residents and cranes. The Dujiangyan Irrigation System, a famous UNESCO World Heritage Site and ancient water diversion project still in use, was not seriously damaged. However, the famous Sichuan Bamboo Forest, a scenic area known for its bamboo groves, was severely damaged.', 0.99334824, 1)
('Lee\'s childhood friend, author Truman Capote, wrote on the dust jacket of the first edition, "Someone rare has written this very fine first novel: a writer with the liveliest sense of life, and the warmest, most authentic sense of humor. A touching book; and so funny, so likeable." This comment has been construed to suggest that Capote wrote the book or edited it heavily. In 2003, a Tuscaloosa newspaper quoted Capote\'s biological father, Archulus Persons, as claiming that Capote had written "almost all" of the book. In 2006, a Capote letter was donated to Monroeville\'s literary heritage museum; in a letter to a neighbor in Monroeville in 1959, Capote mentioned that Lee was writing a book that was to be published soon. Extensive notes between Lee and her editor at Lippincott also refute the rumor of Capote\'s authorship. Lee\'s older sister, Alice, responded to the rumor, saying: "That\'s the biggest lie ever told."', 'Read was a childhood friend of Truman Capote, author. He wrote on the dust jacket of the first edition: "Someone rare has written this very fine first novel: a writer with the liveliest sense of life, and the warmest, most authentic sense of humor. A touching book; and so funny, so likeable." This comment is interpreted to suggest that Capote wrote the book or heavily edited it.In 2003, a Tuscaloosa newspaper quoted Capote\'s biological father, Archulus Persons, as claiming that Capote had written "almost all" of the book.In 2006, a Capote letter was donated to Monroeville\'s literary heritage museum. In a letter to a neighbor in Monroeville in 1959, Capote mentioned that Lee was writing a book that was to be published soon.Extensive notes between Lee and her editor at Lippincott refute the rumor of Capote\'s authorship.Lee\'s older sister, Alice, responded to the rumor, saying: "That\'s the biggest lie ever told."', 0.9933613, 1)
("Shuman built the world’s first solar thermal power station in Maadi, Egypt, between 1912 and 1913. Shuman’s plant used parabolic troughs to power a 45–52 kilowatts (60–70 hp) engine that pumped more than 22,000 litres (4,800 imp gal; 5,800 US gal) of water per minute from the Nile River to adjacent cotton fields. Although the outbreak of World War I and the discovery of cheap oil in the 1930s discouraged the advancement of solar energy, Shuman’s vision and basic design were resurrected in the 1970s with a new wave of interest in solar thermal energy. In 1916 Shuman was quoted in the media advocating solar energy's utilization, saying:", 'Shuman built the world\'s first solar thermal power station in Maadi, Egypt, between 1912 and 1913. Shuman\'s plant used parabolic troughs to power a 45–52 kilowatts (60–70 hp) engine that pumped more than 22,000 litres (4,800 imp gal; 5,800 US gal) of water per minute from the Nile River to adjacent cotton fields. Although the outbreak of World War I and the discovery of cheap oil in the 1930s hindered the progress of solar energy, Shuman\'s vision and basic design were revived in the 1970s with a new wave of interest in solar thermal energy. In 1916, Shuman was quoted in the media advocating solar energy use, saying:"Solar energy is the energy of the future, and it\'s available now.""The sun\'s rays are a form of energy that can be harnessed and used to generate electricity.""The potential for solar energy is enormous, and it\'s a clean, renewable source of power that doesn\'t contribute to greenhouse gas emissions.""I believe that solar energy will eventually replace fossil fuels as the primary source of energy for the world.""We need to invest in research and development to make solar energy more efficient and affordable, and to build the infrastructure needed to make it a viable alternative to fossil fuels.""I am confident that solar energy will play a major role in solving the world\'s energy needs in the future."', 0.99340266, 0)
("Apple's iTunes software (and other alternative software) can be used to transfer music, photos, videos, games, contact information, e-mail settings, Web bookmarks, and calendars, to the devices supporting these features from computers using certain versions of Apple Macintosh and Microsoft Windows operating systems.", 'Apple iTunes-software (and other alternative software) can transfer music, photos, videos, games, contact information, email settings, web bookmarks, and calendars to devices that support these functions using computers with certain versions of the Apple Macintosh and Microsoft Windows operating systems.', 0.993409, 1)
("As the King's confidence in de Melo increased, the King entrusted him with more control of the state. By 1755, Sebastião de Melo was made Prime Minister. Impressed by British economic success that he had witnessed from the Ambassador, he successfully implemented similar economic policies in Portugal. He abolished slavery in Portugal and in the Portuguese colonies in India; reorganized the army and the navy; restructured the University of Coimbra, and ended discrimination against different Christian sects in Portugal.", ' When the royal trust in Melo grew, the King entrusted him with more control over the state. Around 1755, Sebastião de Melo was appointed as Prime Minister. Impressed by the British economic success he had seen from the Ambassador, he managed to implement similar economic policies in Portugal. He abolished slavery in Portugal and in the Portuguese colonies in India; restructured the army and the navy; reformed the University of Coimbra, and ended discrimination against various Christian sects in Portugal.', 0.9934268, 1)
("The Convention came into force as international law on 12 January 1951 after the minimum 20 countries became parties. At that time however, only two of the five permanent members of the UN Security Council were parties to the treaty: France and the Republic of China. The Soviet Union ratified in 1954, the United Kingdom in 1970, the People's Republic of China in 1983 (having replaced the Taiwan-based Republic of China on the UNSC in 1971), and the United States in 1988. This long delay in support for the Convention by the world's most powerful nations caused the Convention to languish for over four decades. Only in the 1990s did the international law on the crime of genocide begin to be enforced.", " The Convention entered into force as international law on 12 January 1951 once the minimum 20 countries had become parties. However, at that time only two of the five permanent members of the UN Security Council were parties to the treaty: France and the Republic of China. The Soviet Union ratified in 1954, the United Kingdom in 1970, the People's Republic of China in 1983 (having replaced the Taiwan-based Republic of China on the UNSC in 1971), and the United States in 1988. This prolonged delay in support for the Convention by the world's most powerful nations prevented it from being in use for more than four decades. Only in the 1990s did international law on the crime of genocide begin to be enforced.", 0.99342823, 1)
('In mid-2015, a new model of the iPod Touch was announced by Apple, and was officially released on the Apple store on July 15, 2015. The sixth generation iPod Touch includes a wide variety of spec improvements such as the upgraded A8 processor and higher-quality screen. The core is over 5 times faster than previous models and is built to be roughly on par with the iPhone 5S. It is available in 5 different colors: Space grey, pink, gold, silver and Product (red).', ' In the second half of 2015, Apple announced a new model of the iPod Touch, which was officially released on the Apple store on July 15, 2015. The sixth generation iPod Touch includes a wide range of specification upgrades, such as the upgraded A8-processor and a higher quality screen. The core is approximately five times faster than previous models and is designed to be roughly on par with the iPhone 5S. It is available in five different colors: Space Gray, rose, gold, silver, and (product) red.', 0.99344975, 1)
("New York is also a major center for non-commercial educational media. The oldest public-access television channel in the United States is the Manhattan Neighborhood Network, founded in 1971. WNET is the city's major public television station and a primary source of national Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) television programming. WNYC, a public radio station owned by the city until 1997, has the largest public radio audience in the United States.", " New York serves as a significant hub for non-commercial educational media. The oldest public-access television channel in the US is the Manhattan Neighborhood Network, established in 1971. WNET is the city's major public television station and a primary provider of national PBS television programming. WNYC, a public radio station that was the city's property until 1997, boasts the largest public radio audience in the US.", 0.9934544, 1)
("Spectre opened in Germany with $22.45 million (including previews), which included a new record for the biggest Saturday of all time, Australia with $8.7 million (including previews) and South Korea opened to $8.2 million (including previews). Despite the 13 November Paris attacks, which led to numerous theaters being closed down, the film opened with $14.6 million (including $2 million in previews) in France. In Mexico, where part of the film was shot, it debuted with more than double that of Skyfall with $4.5 million. It also bested its predecessor's opening in various Nordic regions where MGM is distributing, such as in Finland ($2.66 million) and Norway ($2.91 million), and in other markets like Denmark ($4.2 million), the Netherlands ($3.38 million), and Sweden ($3.1 million). In India, it opened at No. 1 with $4.8 million which is 4% above the opening of Skyfall. It topped the German-speaking Switzerland box office for four weeks and in the Netherlands, it has held the No. 1 spot for seven weeks straight where it has topped Minions to become the top movie of the year. The top earning markets are Germany ($70.3 million) and France ($38.8 million). In Paris, it has the second highest ticket sales of all time with $4.1 million tickets sold only behind Spider-Man 3 which sold over $6.32 million tickets in 2007.", 'Spectrum opened in Germany with $22.45 million (including previews), which includes a new record for the biggest Saturday of all time, Australia with $8.7 million (including previews), and South Korea opened to $8.2 million (including previews). Despite the November 13 attacks in Paris, which led to many cinema closures, the movie opened with $14.6 million (including $2 million in previews) in France. In Mexico, where part of the movie was filmed, it debuted with more than double the box office result of Skyfall with $4.5 million. It surpassed its predecessor on various Northern European markets where MGM distributes, such as Finland ($2.66 million), Norway ($2.91 million), Denmark ($4.2 million), Netherlands ($3.38 million), and Sweden ($3.1 million). In India, it debuted at number 1 with $4.8 million, which was 4% higher than the debut of Skyfall. It was number 1 in German-speaking Switzerland for four weeks and number 1 in the Netherlands for seven consecutive weeks, surpassing Minions and becoming the highest-grossing movie of the year. The top markets are Germany ($70.3 million) and France ($38.8 million). In Paris, it had the second-highest ticket sales of all time with $4.1 million in ticket sales, only behind Spider-Man 3 which sold more than $6.32 million tickets in 2007. (Note: The amounts are given in US dollars in the original text and have been converted to euros using an average exchange rate of 0.85 euros per dollar.)', 0.9935035, 1)
('In 1940, Jeannette Rankin had once again been elected to Congress, and in 1941, as she did in 1917, she voted against the United States\' declaration of war. This time she was the only vote against the war, and in the wake of public outcry over her vote, she required police protection for a time. Other pacifists tended to be those from "peace churches" who generally opposed war. Many individuals from throughout the U.S. who claimed conscientious objector status were sent to Montana during the war as smokejumpers and for other forest fire-fighting duties.', ' In 1940, Jeannette Rankin was once again elected to Congress. In 1941, as she had done in 1917, she voted against the United States declaration of war. This time, she was the only one to vote against the war. In the aftermath of public outrage over her vote, she required police protection for a while. Other pacifists were mainly members of "peace churches" who generally opposed war. Many individuals from throughout the United States who claimed conscientious objector status were sent to Montana during the war for forest fire-fighting duties.', 0.99352026, 1)
("Works published since 1857 have received alternative catalogue designations instead of opus numbers. The present standard musicological reference for Chopin's works is the Kobylańska Catalogue (usually represented by the initials 'KK'), named for its compiler, the Polish musicologist Krystyna Kobylańska.", "Since 1857, works have received alternative catalog numbers instead of opus numbers. The current standard musicological reference for Chopin's works is the Kobylańska Catalogue (represented by the initials KK), named for its compiler, the Polish musicologist Krystyna Kobylańska.", 0.99353373, 1)
("Bond travels to Austria to find White, who is dying of thallium poisoning. He admits to growing disenchanted with Quantum and tells Bond to find and protect his daughter, Dr. Madeline Swann, who will take him to L'Américain; this will in turn lead him to Spectre. White then commits suicide. Bond locates Swann at the Hoffler Klinik, but she is abducted by Hinx. Bond rescues her and the two meet Q, who discovers that Sciarra's ring links Oberhauser to Bond's previous missions, identifying Le Chiffre, Dominic Greene and Raoul Silva as Spectre agents. Swann reveals that L'Américain is a hotel in Tangier.", " Bond journeys to Austria to find White, who is dying of thallium poisoning. He confesses to growing disenchanted with Quantum and asks Bond to find and protect his daughter, Dr. Madeleine Swann. She will lead him to LAméricain, in turn leading him to Spectre. White then takes his own life. Bond locates Swann at the Hoffler Clinic, but she is abducted by Hinx. Bond rescues her and together they meet Q, who discovers that Sciarras ring connects Oberhauser to Bond's previous missions, identifying Le Chiffre, Dominic Greene and Raoul Silva as Spectre agents. Swann reveals that LAméricain is a hotel in Tangier.", 0.99354327, 1)
('The game features nine dungeons—large, contained areas where Link battles enemies, collects items, and solves puzzles. Link navigates these dungeons and fights a boss at the end in order to obtain an item or otherwise advance the plot. The dungeons are connected by a large overworld, across which Link can travel on foot; on his horse, Epona; or by teleporting.', ' The game contains nine dungeons—large, enclosed spaces where Link fights enemies, collects items, and solves puzzles. Link navigates these dungeons and fights a boss at the end to obtain an item or otherwise advance the story. The dungeons are connected by a large overland, which Link can traverse on foot; on his horse, Epona; or by teleporting.', 0.99354583, 1)
('In May 2005, Lee made an uncharacteristic appearance at the Los Angeles Public Library at the request of Peck\'s widow Veronique, who said of Lee: "She\'s like a national treasure. She\'s someone who has made a difference...with this book. The book is still as strong as it ever was, and so is the film. All the kids in the United States read this book and see the film in the seventh and eighth grades and write papers and essays. My husband used to get thousands and thousands of letters from teachers who would send them to him."', 'In May 2005, Lee made an unusual appearance at the Los Angeles Public Library at the request of Peck\'s widow Veronique. She stated about Lee: "She is like a national treasure. She is someone who has made a difference...with this book. The book is still as strong as ever, and so is the film. All the children in the United States read this book and see the film in the seventh and eighth grades and write papers and essays. My husband used to receive thousands and thousands of letters from teachers who would send them to him."', 0.9935789, 1)
("New York's airspace is the busiest in the United States and one of the world's busiest air transportation corridors. The three busiest airports in the New York metropolitan area include John F. Kennedy International Airport, Newark Liberty International Airport, and LaGuardia Airport; 109 million travelers used these three airports in 2012, and the city's airspace is the busiest in the nation. JFK and Newark Liberty were the busiest and fourth busiest U.S. gateways for international air passengers, respectively, in 2012; as of 2011, JFK was the busiest airport for international passengers in North America. Plans have advanced to expand passenger volume at a fourth airport, Stewart International Airport near Newburgh, New York, by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. Plans were announced in July 2015 to entirely rebuild LaGuardia Airport in a multibillion-dollar project to replace its aging facilities.", " New York's airspace is the busiest in the United States and one of the busiest air traffic corridors in the world. The three busiest airports in the New York metropolitan area, including John F. Kennedy International Airport, Newark Liberty International Airport, and LaGuardia Airport, had 109 million passengers in 2012, and the air traffic above the city is the busiest in the country. JFK and Newark Liberty were the busiest and fourth busiest American entry points for international air passengers, respectively, in 2012; according to 2011 data, JFK was the busiest airport for international passengers in North America. Plans have progressed to increase passenger volume at a fourth airport, Stewart International Airport near Newburgh, New York, by the New York and New Jersey Port Authority. Plans were announced in July 2015 to completely rebuild LaGuardia Airport in a multibillion-dollar project to replace the old installations.", 0.993587, 1)
('The Muslim population of the region consisted mainly of native Iberian converts to Islam (the so-called Muwallad or Muladi) and to a lesser extent Berbers and Arabs. The Arabs were principally noblemen from Oman; and though few in numbers, they constituted the elite of the population. The Berbers were originally from the Atlas mountains and Rif mountains of North Africa and were essentially nomads. In Portugal, the Muslim population (or "Moors"), relatively small in numbers, stayed in the Algarve region, and south of the Tagus. Today, there are approximately 800 words in the Portuguese language of Arabic origin. The Muslims were expelled from Portugal 300 years earlier than in neighbouring Spain, which is reflected both in Portuguese culture and the language, which is mostly Celtiberian and Vulgar Latin.', ' The Muslim population of the region was primarily made up of native Iberian converts to Islam, referred to as Muwallad or Muladi. To a lesser extent, there were Berbers and Arabs present. The Arabs were mainly noblemen from Oman, despite being few in numbers, they formed the elite of the population. The Berbers were originally from the Atlas and Rif mountains of North Africa and were essentially nomads. In Portugal, the Muslim population, or "Moors," numbered relatively few and resided mainly in the Algarve region and south of the Tagus. Today, there are approximately 800 words in the Portuguese language of Arabic origin. The Muslims were expelled from Portugal 300 years prior to neighboring Spain, which is reflected in Portuguese culture and the language, which is predominantly Celtiberian and Vulgar Latin.', 0.993592, 1)
("Despite the calamity and huge death toll, Lisbon suffered no epidemics and within less than one year was already being rebuilt. The new city centre of Lisbon was designed to resist subsequent earthquakes. Architectural models were built for tests, and the effects of an earthquake were simulated by marching troops around the models. The buildings and big squares of the Pombaline City Centre still remain as one of Lisbon's tourist attractions. Sebastião de Melo also made an important contribution to the study of seismology by designing an inquiry that was sent to every parish in the country.", "Despite the disaster and the large number of deaths, Lisbon suffered no epidemics and within less than one year was already being rebuilt. The new city centre of Lisbon was designed to withstand subsequent earthquakes. Architectural models were built for tests, and the effects of an earthquake were simulated by marching troops around the models. The buildings and big squares of the Pombaline City Centre still remain as one of Lisbon's tourist attractions. Sebastião de Melo also made an important contribution to the study of seismology by designing a questionnaire that was sent to every parish in the country.", 0.9936074, 1)
('According to the 2010 Census, 89.4 percent of the population was White (87.8 percent Non-Hispanic White), 6.3 percent American Indian and Alaska Native, 2.9 percent Hispanics and Latinos of any race, 0.6 percent Asian, 0.4 percent Black or African American, 0.1 percent Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander, 0.6 percent from Some Other Race, and 2.5 percent from two or more races. The largest European ancestry groups in Montana as of 2010 are: German (27.0 percent), Irish (14.8 percent), English (12.6 percent), Norwegian (10.9 percent), French (4.7 percent) and Italian (3.4 percent).', ' According to the 2010 Census, 89.4 percent of the population was White (87.8 percent Non-Hispanic White), 6.3 percent were Native Americans and Alaska Natives, 2.9 percent were Hispanics and Latinos of any race, 0.6 percent were Asian, 0.4 percent were Black or African American, 0.1 percent were Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander, 0.6 percent were from Some Other Race, and 2.5 percent were from two or more races. The largest European ancestry groups in Montana as of 2010 were: German (27.0 percent), Irish (14.8 percent), English (12.6 percent), Norwegian (10.9 percent), French (4.7 percent), and Italian (3.4 percent).', 0.99364877, 1)
('Montana is home to a diverse array of fauna that includes 14 amphibian, 90 fish, 117 mammal, 20 reptile and 427 bird species. Additionally, there are over 10,000 invertebrate species, including 180 mollusks and 30 crustaceans. Montana has the largest grizzly bear population in the lower 48 states. Montana hosts five federally endangered species–black-footed ferret, whooping crane, least tern, pallid sturgeon and white sturgeon and seven threatened species including the grizzly bear, Canadian lynx and bull trout. The Montana Department of Fish, Wildlife and Parks manages fishing and hunting seasons for at least 17 species of game fish including seven species of trout, walleye and smallmouth bass and at least 29 species of game birds and animals including ring-neck pheasant, grey partridge, elk, pronghorn antelope, mule deer, whitetail deer, gray wolf and bighorn sheep.', " Montana is home to a diverse assortment of fauna, including 14 amphibian, 90 fish, 117 mammal, 20 reptile, and 427 bird species. In addition, there are over 10,000 non-vertebrate species, including 180 mollusks and 30 crabs. Montana has the largest grizzly bear population in the lower 48 states. Montana provides habitat for five federally endangered species–black-footed bat, tundra swan, least bell's vireo, pallid sturgeon, and white sturgeon–and seven threatened species including the grizzly bear, Canada lynx, and bulltrout. The Montana Department of Fish, Wildlife and Parks manages fishing and hunting seasons for at least 17 fish species, including seven trout species, walleye, and smallmouth bass, and at least 29 wildlife species including ring-necked pheasant, gray quail, elk, pronghorn antelope, mule deer, white-tailed deer, gray wolf, and bighorn sheep.", 0.99367166, 1)
('In 2006 Apple presented a special edition for iPod 5G of Irish rock band U2. Like its predecessor, this iPod has engraved the signatures of the four members of the band on its back, but this one was the first time the company changed the colour of the metal (not silver but black). This iPod was only available with 30GB of storage capacity. The special edition entitled purchasers to an exclusive video with 33 minutes of interviews and performance by U2, downloadable from the iTunes Store.', ' In 2006, Apple introduced a special edition iPod 5G from the Irish rockband U2. Similar to its predecessor, this iPod featured the signatures of the four band members engraved on its back. However, this was the first time Apple changed the metal color (not silver but black). This iPod was only available with a 30GB storage capacity. The special edition came with an exclusive video, containing 33 minutes of interviews and performances by U2, downloadable from the iTunes Store.', 0.9936731, 1)
('An earlier draft of To Kill a Mockingbird, titled Go Set a Watchman, was controversially released on July 14, 2015. This draft, which was completed in 1957, is set 20 years after the time period depicted in To Kill a Mockingbird but is not a continuation of the narrative. This earlier version of the story follows an adult Scout Finch who travels from New York to visit her father, Atticus Finch, in Maycomb, Alabama, where she is confronted by the intolerance in her community. The Watchman manuscript was believed to have been lost until Lee\'s lawyer Tonja Carter discovered it; although this claim has been widely disputed. Watchman contains early versions of many of the characters from To Kill a Mockingbird. According to Lee\'s agent Andrew Nurnberg, Mockingbird was originally intended to be the first book of a trilogy: "They discussed publishing Mockingbird first, Watchman last, and a shorter connecting novel between the two." This assertion has been discredited however by the rare books expert James S. Jaffe, who reviewed the pages at the request of Lee\'s attorney and found them to be only another draft of "To Kill a Mockingbird". The statement was also contrary to Jonathan Mahler\'s description of how "Watchman" was seen as just the first draft of "Mockingbird". Instances where many passages overlap between the two books, in some case word for word, also refutes this assertion.', ' An earlier manuscript of To Kill a Mockingbird, titled Go Set a Watchman, was controversially released on July 14, 2015. This manuscript, completed in 1957, is set 20 years after the time period depicted in To Kill a Mockingbird but is not a continuation of the narrative. This earlier version of the story follows an adult Scout Finch who travels from New York to visit her father, Atticus Finch, in Maycomb, Alabama, where she is confronted by the intolerance in her community. The Watchman manuscript was believed to have been lost, but this claim has been widely disputed. Watchman contains early versions of many of the characters from To Kill a Mockingbird. According to Lee\'s agent Andrew Nurnberg, Mockingbird was originally intended to be the first book of a trilogy: "They discussed publishing Mockingbird first, Watchman last, and a shorter connecting novel between the two." This assertion has been discredited however by the rare books expert James S. Jaffe, who reviewed the pages at the request of Lee\'s attorney and found them to be only another draft of "To Kill a Mockingbird". The statement was also contrary to Jonathan Mahlers description of how "Watchman" was seen as just the first draft of "Mockingbird". Instances where many passages overlap between the two books, in some cases word for word, also refutes this assertion.', 0.9936837, 1)
('Sunni Islam of the Hanafi school has been officially recognized by the government since 2009. Tajikistan considers itself a secular state with a Constitution providing for freedom of religion. The Government has declared two Islamic holidays, Id Al-Fitr and Idi Qurbon, as state holidays. According to a U.S. State Department release and Pew research group, the population of Tajikistan is 98% Muslim. Approximately 87%–95% of them are Sunni and roughly 3% are Shia and roughly 7% are non-denominational Muslims. The remaining 2% of the population are followers of Russian Orthodoxy, Protestantism, Zoroastrianism and Buddhism. A great majority of Muslims fast during Ramadan, although only about one third in the countryside and 10% in the cities observe daily prayer and dietary restrictions.', ' Sunni-Islam of the Hanafite school is officially recognized by the government since 2009. Tajikistan sees itself as a secular state with a Constitution that regulates freedom of religion. The Government has declared Id Al-Fitr and Idi Qurbon as national holidays. According to a statement by the U.S. State Department and research by the Pew Research Group, the population of Tajikistan is approximately 98% Muslim. Approximately 87%-95% of them are Sunnis and approximately 3% are Shias and approximately 7% are non-denominational Muslims. The remaining 2% of the population are followers of Russian Orthodoxy, Protestantism, Zoroastrianism, and Buddhism. A large part of the Muslims fast during Ramadan, although approximately one third in the countryside and 10% in the cities do not follow daily prayer and food restrictions.', 0.9937435, 1)
('Common forms of antibiotic misuse include excessive use of prophylactic antibiotics in travelers and failure of medical professionals to prescribe the correct dosage of antibiotics on the basis of the patient\'s weight and history of prior use. Other forms of misuse include failure to take the entire prescribed course of the antibiotic, incorrect dosage and administration, or failure to rest for sufficient recovery. Inappropriate antibiotic treatment, for example, is their prescription to treat viral infections such as the common cold. One study on respiratory tract infections found "physicians were more likely to prescribe antibiotics to patients who appeared to expect them". Multifactorial interventions aimed at both physicians and patients can reduce inappropriate prescription of antibiotics.', 'Common forms of antibiotic misuse include the excessive use of prophylactic antibiotics in travelers and failure of medical professionals to prescribe the correct dosage of antibiotics based on a patient\'s weight and history of prior use. Other forms of misuse include failure to finish taking the entire prescribed course of the antibiotic, incorrect dosage and administration, or failure to rest for sufficient recovery. Inappropriate antibiotic treatment, such as prescribing antibiotics to treat viral infections like the common cold, is also a concern. A study on respiratory tract infections found "physicians were more likely to prescribe antibiotics to patients who seemed to expect them". Multifactorial interventions aimed at both medical professionals and patients can reduce inappropriate prescription of antibiotics.', 0.993749, 1)
('Approximately 66,000 people of Native American heritage live in Montana. Stemming from multiple treaties and federal legislation, including the Indian Appropriations Act (1851), the Dawes Act (1887), and the Indian Reorganization Act (1934), seven Indian reservations, encompassing eleven tribal nations, were created in Montana. A twelfth nation, the Little Shell Chippewa is a "landless" people headquartered in Great Falls, recognized by the state of Montana but not by the U.S. Government. The Blackfeet nation is headquartered on the Blackfeet Indian Reservation (1851) in Browning, Crow on the Crow Indian Reservation (1851) in Crow Agency, Confederated Salish and Kootenai and Pend d\'Oreille on the Flathead Indian Reservation (1855) in Pablo, Northern Cheyenne on the Northern Cheyenne Indian Reservation (1884) at Lame Deer, Assiniboine and Gros Ventre on the Fort Belknap Indian Reservation (1888) in Fort Belknap Agency, Assiniboine and Sioux on the Fort Peck Indian Reservation (1888) at Poplar, and Chippewa-Cree on the Rocky Boy\'s Indian Reservation (1916) near Box Elder. Approximately 63% of all Native people live off the reservations, concentrated in the larger Montana cities with the largest concentration of urban Indians in Great Falls. The state also has a small Métis population, and 1990 census data indicated that people from as many as 275 different tribes lived in Montana.', ' Approximately 66,000 people of Native American descent live in Montana. Originating from various treaties and federal legislation, including the Indian Appropriations Act (1851), the Dawes Act (1887), and the Indian Reorganization Act (1934), seven Indian reservations were established in Montana, comprising eleven tribal nations. A thirteenth nation, the Little Shell Chippewa, is a "landless" people, settled in Great Falls, recognized by the state of Montana, but not by the U.S. Government. The Blackfeet-nation resides on the Blackfeet Indian Reservation (1851) in Browning, Crow on the Crow Indian Reservation (1851) in Crow Agency, Confederated Salish and Kootenai, and Pend d\'Oreille on the Flathead Indian Reservation (1855) in Pablo, Northern Cheyenne on the Northern Cheyenne Indian Reservation (1884) near Lame Deer, Assiniboine and Gros Ventre on the Fort Belknap Indian Reservation (1888) in Fort Belknap Agency, Assiniboine and Sioux on the Fort Peck Indian Reservation (1888) near Poplar, and Chippewa-Cree on the Rocky Boys Indian Reservation (1916) near Box Elder. Approximately 63% of all Native American inhabitants live outside the reservations, with the largest concentration of urban Native Americans in Great Falls. The state also has a small Métis population, and census data from 1990 indicate that there were people from at least 275 different tribes living in Montana. (Note:', 0.9937607, 1)
("Two rounds of Soviet purges directed by Moscow (1927–1934 and 1937–1938) resulted in the expulsion of nearly 10,000 people, from all levels of the Communist Party of Tajikistan. Ethnic Russians were sent in to replace those expelled and subsequently Russians dominated party positions at all levels, including the top position of first secretary. Between 1926 and 1959 the proportion of Russians among Tajikistan's population grew from less than 1% to 13%. Bobojon Ghafurov, Tajikistan's First Secretary of the Communist Party of Tajikistan from 1946–1956 was the only Tajikistani politician of significance outside of the country during the Soviet Era. He was followed in office by Tursun Uljabayev (1956–61), Jabbor Rasulov (1961–1982), and Rahmon Nabiyev (1982–1985, 1991–1992).", ' Two rounds of Soviet purges, led by Moscow (1927-1934 and 1937-1938), resulted in the expulsion of approximately 10,000 people, all from the Communist Party of Tajikistan. Russians were brought in to replace them, and Russians then occupied dominant party positions at all levels, including the highest position of first secretary. Between 1926 and 1959, the percentage of Russians in the population of Tajikistan grew from less than 1% to 13%. Bobojon Ghafurov, the first secretary of the Communist Party of Tajikistan (1946-1956), was the only Tajik politician of significance outside the country during the Soviet era. He was succeeded in office by Tursun Uljabayev (1956-61), Jabbor Rasulov (1961-1982), and Rahmon Nabiyev (1982-1985, 1991-1992).', 0.9937629, 1)
('Chen states that the fourth Dalai Lama Yonten Gyatso was granted the title "Master of Vajradhara" and an official seal by the Wanli Emperor in 1616. This was noted in the Biography of the Fourth Dalai Lama, which stated that one Soinam Lozui delivered the seal of the Emperor to the Dalai Lama. The Wanli Emperor had invited Yonten Gyatso to Beijing in 1616, but just like his predecessor he died before being able to make the journey.', 'Chen proves that the Fourth Dalai Lama, Yonten Gyatso, received the title "Master of Vajradhara" and an official seal from Emperor Wanli in 1616. This is mentioned in the Biography of the Fourth Dalai Lama. A man named Soinam Lozui delivered the seal of the emperor to the Dalai Lama. Emperor Wanli had invited Yonten Gyatso to Beijing in 1616, but, like his predecessor, he died before being able to make the journey.', 0.9937794, 1)
('Media requests at the trade show prompted Kondo to consider using orchestral music for the other tracks in the game as well, a notion reinforced by his preference for live instruments. He originally envisioned a full 50-person orchestra for action sequences and a string quartet for more "lyrical moments", though the final product used sequenced music instead. Kondo later cited the lack of interactivity that comes with orchestral music as one of the main reasons for the decision. Both six- and seven-track versions of the game\'s soundtrack were released on November 19, 2006, as part of a Nintendo Power promotion and bundled with replicas of the Master Sword and the Hylian Shield.', 'Media requests during the exhibition forced Kondo to consider using orchestra music for the other game numbers instead. This idea was also supported by his preference for live instruments. Originally, he had a full 50-person orchestra for action scenes and a string quartet for more "lyrical moments" in mind, but the final product ended up using sequenced music instead. Kondo later cited the lack of interactivity that comes with orchestra music as one of the main reasons for this decision. Both six- and seven-track versions of the game music album were released on November 19, 2006, as part of a Nintendo Power promotion and packaged with replicas of the Master Sword and the Hylian Shield.', 0.99381804, 1)
('Following the discovery of a buffer overflow vulnerability in the Wii version of Twilight Princess, an exploit known as the "Twilight Hack" was developed, allowing the execution of custom code from a Secure Digital (SD) card on the console. A properly designed save file would cause the game to load unsigned code, which could include Executable and Linkable Format (ELF) programs and homebrew Wii applications. Versions 3.3 and 3.4 of the Wii Menu prevented copying exploited save files onto the console until circumvention methods were discovered, and version 4.0 of the Wii Menu patched the vulnerability.', ' After the discovery of a buffer overflow vulnerability in the Wii version of Twilight Princess, an exploit named "Twilight Hack" was developed, enabling the execution of custom code from an SD card on the console. A specially crafted save file would make the game load unsigned code, which could consist of ELF programs and homebrew Wii applications. Versions 3.3 and 3.4 of the Wii Menu prevented copying exploited save files onto the console until bypass methods were discovered, and version 4.0 of the Wii Menu patched the vulnerability.', 0.9938225, 1)
('Tajikistan (i/tɑːˈdʒiːkᵻstɑːn/, /təˈdʒiːkᵻstæn/, or /tæˈdʒiːkiːstæn/; Persian: تاجيكستان\u200e\u200e Тоҷикистон [tɔd͡ʒikɪsˈtɔn]), officially the Republic of Tajikistan (Persian: جمهورى تاجيكستان\u200e\u200e Tajik: Ҷумҳурии Тоҷикистон, Çumhuriji Toçikiston/Jumhuriyi Tojikiston; Russian: Респу́блика Таджикистан, Respublika Tadzhikistan), is a mountainous, landlocked country in Central Asia with an estimated 8 million people in 2013, and an area of 143,100 km2 (55,300 sq mi). It is bordered by Afghanistan to the south, Uzbekistan to the west, Kyrgyzstan to the north, and China to the east. Pakistan lies to the south, separated by the narrow Wakhan Corridor. Traditional homelands of Tajik people included present-day Tajikistan, Afghanistan and Uzbekistan.', ' Tajikistan (/tajˈkiːstan/, /təˈdʒiːkistan/, or /taˈdʒiːkistan/; Persian: تاجيكستان\u200e Tojikistan [tɔdʒɪkɪsˈtɑːn]), officially the Republic of Tajikistan (Persian: جمهورى تاجيكستان Tadzhik: Ҷумҳурии Тоҷикистон, Çumhuriji Toçhikiston/Jumhuriyi Tojikiston; Russian: Респу́блика Таджикистан Respublika Tadzjikistan), is a mountainous, landlocked country in Central Asia with approximately 8 million people in 2013 and an area of 143,100 km2 (55,300 sq mi). It is bordered by Afghanistan to the south, Uzbekistan to the west, Kyrgyzstan to the north, and China to the east. Pakistan lies to the south, separated by the narrow Wakhan Corridor. The traditional homelands of the Tajik people included present-day Tajikistan, Afghanistan and Uzbekistan.', 0.9938244, 1)
('The AP reported that "The state-controlled media has largely ignored the issue, apparently under the propaganda bureau\'s instructions. Parents and volunteers who have questioned authorities have been detained and threatened."', "The AP reported that the state-controlled media have largely ignored the issue, apparently under the propaganda bureaus' instructions. Parents and volunteers who have questioned authorities have been detained and threatened.", 0.9938267, 1)
('After Hurricane Katrina in 2005, Beyoncé and Rowland founded the Survivor Foundation to provide transitional housing for victims in the Houston area, to which Beyoncé contributed an initial $250,000. The foundation has since expanded to work with other charities in the city, and also provided relief following Hurricane Ike three years later.', ' After Hurricane Katrina in 2005, Beyoncé and Rowland established the Survivor Foundation to offer transitional housing for victims in the Houston area. Beyoncé contributed an initial $250,000 to the foundation. Since then, it has collaborated with other charities in the city and also offered aid following Hurricane Ike three years later.', 0.9938535, 1)
('New York City is home to the headquarters of the National Football League, Major League Baseball, the National Basketball Association, the National Hockey League, and Major League Soccer. The New York metropolitan area hosts the most sports teams in these five professional leagues. Participation in professional sports in the city predates all professional leagues, and the city has been continuously hosting professional sports since the birth of the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1882. The city has played host to over forty major professional teams in the five sports and their respective competing leagues, both current and historic. Four of the ten most expensive stadiums ever built worldwide (MetLife Stadium, the new Yankee Stadium, Madison Square Garden, and Citi Field) are located in the New York metropolitan area. Madison Square Garden, its predecessor, as well as the original Yankee Stadium and Ebbets Field, are some of the most famous sporting venues in the world, the latter two having been commemorated on U.S. postage stamps.', ' New York City is the location of the headquarters of the National Football League, Major League Baseball, the National Basketball Association, the National Hockey League, and Major League Soccer. The New York metropolitan area hosts the most teams in these five professional leagues. The participation in professional sports in the city predates all professional competitions, and the city has been a host of professional sports since the founding of the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1882. The city has more than forty significant professional teams in the five sports and their respective competing leagues, both current and historical. Four of the ten most enduring stadiums ever built in the world (MetLife Stadium, the new Yankee Stadium, Madison Square Garden, and Citi Field) are located in the New York metropolitan area. Madison Square Garden, its predecessor, as well as the original Yankee Stadium and Ebbets Field, are some of the most famous sports locations in the world, the last two having been immortalized on American postage stamps.', 0.9938555, 1)
('On April 9, 2007, it was announced that Apple had sold its one-hundred millionth iPod, making it the biggest selling digital music player of all time. In April 2007, Apple reported second quarter revenue of US$5.2 billion, of which 32% was made from iPod sales. Apple and several industry analysts suggest that iPod users are likely to purchase other Apple products such as Mac computers.', ' On April 9, 2007, Apple announced that it had sold its one-hundred millionth iPod, making it the best-selling digital music player of all time. In April 2007, Apple reported second quarter revenue of US$5.2 billion, with 32% coming from iPod sales. Apple and several industry analysts believe that iPod users are likely to purchase other Apple products such as Mac computers.', 0.9938721, 1)
('The games are in the form of .ipg files, which are actually .zip archives in disguise[citation needed]. When unzipped, they reveal executable files along with common audio and image files, leading to the possibility of third party games. Apple has not publicly released a software development kit (SDK) for iPod-specific development. Apps produced with the iPhone SDK are compatible only with the iOS on the iPod Touch and iPhone, which cannot run clickwheel-based games.', 'The games come in the form of .ipg files, which are in fact disguised .zip archives. When unzipped, they contain executable files together with common audio and image files, making it possible to install third party games. Apple has not publicly released a software development kit (SDK) for iPod-specific development. Applications developed with the iPhone SDK are compatible only with the iOS on the iPod Touch and iPhone, which cannot run clickwheel-based games.', 0.993876, 1)
('Her fourth studio album 4 was released on June 28, 2011 in the US. 4 sold 310,000 copies in its first week and debuted atop the Billboard 200 chart, giving Beyoncé her fourth consecutive number-one album in the US. The album was preceded by two of its singles "Run the World (Girls)" and "Best Thing I Never Had", which both attained moderate success. The fourth single "Love on Top" was a commercial success in the US. 4 also produced four other singles; "Party", "Countdown", "I Care" and "End of Time". "Eat, Play, Love", a cover story written by Beyoncé for Essence that detailed her 2010 career break, won her a writing award from the New York Association of Black Journalists. In late 2011, she took the stage at New York\'s Roseland Ballroom for four nights of special performances: the 4 Intimate Nights with Beyoncé concerts saw the performance of her 4 album to a standing room only.', '[Beyoncé\'s fourth studio album 4 was released in the United States on June 28, 2011. The album sold 310,000 copies in its first week and debuted at the top of the Billboard 200 chart, marking Beyoncé\'s fourth consecutive number-one album in the United States. The album was introduced by two of her singles, "Run the World (Girls)" and "Best Thing I Never Had," which both had moderate success. The fourth single, "Love on Top," was a commercial success in the United States. 4 also produced the singles "Party," "Countdown," "I Care," and "End of Time." "Eat, Play, Love," a cover story written by Beyoncé for Essence that concluded her 2010 career, won her a writing award from the New York Association of Black Journalists. In the fall of 2011, she performed in New York\'s Roseland Ballroom for four nights of special performances: the 4 Intimate Nights with Beyoncé concerts saw the performance of her 4-album in front of a full house.]', 0.9938781, 1)
("The story sees Bond pitted against the global criminal organisation Spectre, marking the group's first appearance in an Eon Productions film since 1971's Diamonds Are Forever,[N 2] and tying Craig's series of films together with an overarching storyline. Several recurring James Bond characters, including M, Q and Eve Moneypenny return, with the new additions of Léa Seydoux as Dr. Madeleine Swann, Dave Bautista as Mr. Hinx, Andrew Scott as Max Denbigh and Monica Bellucci as Lucia Sciarra.", " The story pits Bond against the global criminal organization Spectre, marking the group's first appearance in an Eon Productions film since 1971's Diamonds Are Forever, [N 2], and linking Craig's film series to an overarching storyline. Several recurring James Bond characters, such as M, Q and Eve Moneypenny, return, with the new additions of Léa Seydoux as Dr. Madeleine Swann, Dave Bautista as Mr. Hinx, Andrew Scott as Max Denbigh and Monica Bellucci as Lucia Sciarra.", 0.9938913, 1)
("Chopin's public popularity as a virtuoso began to wane, as did the number of his pupils, and this, together with the political strife and instability of the time, caused him to struggle financially. In February 1848, with the cellist Auguste Franchomme, he gave his last Paris concert, which included three movements of the Cello Sonata Op. 65.", ' The popularity of Chopin as a virtuoso in public began to wane, along with the number of his pupils. This, combined with the political strife and instability of the time, caused him financial difficulties. In February 1848, together with the cellist Auguste Franchomme, he gave his last concert in Paris, which included three movements of the Cello Sonata Op. 65.', 0.99391353, 1)
("The Great Irish Famine brought a large influx of Irish immigrants. Over 200,000 were living in New York by 1860, upwards of a quarter of the city's population. There was also extensive immigration from the German provinces, where revolutions had disrupted societies, and Germans comprised another 25% of New York's population by 1860.", " The Great Irish Famine led to a large influx of Irish immigrants. Around 1860, there were over 200,000 Irish living in New York, which made up over a quarter of the city's population. Additionally, there was extensive immigration from the German provinces, where revolutions had disrupted societies. Germans accounted for another 25% of New York's population by 1860.", 0.99391925, 1)
('In 2006, Lee was awarded an honorary doctorate from the University of Notre Dame. During the ceremony, the students and audience gave Lee a standing ovation, and the entire graduating class held up copies of To Kill a Mockingbird to honor her.[note 5] Lee was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom on November 5, 2007 by President George W. Bush. In his remarks, Bush stated, "One reason To Kill a Mockingbird succeeded is the wise and kind heart of the author, which comes through on every page ... To Kill a Mockingbird has influenced the character of our country for the better. It\'s been a gift to the entire world. As a model of good writing and humane sensibility, this book will be read and studied forever."', ' [In 2006, Lee received an honorary doctorate from the University of Notre Dame. During the ceremony, the students and audience gave Lee a standing ovation, and the entire graduating class held up copies of To Kill a Mockingbird to honor her. [note 5] In 2007, on November 5, President George W. Bush presented Lee with the Presidential Medal of Freedom. In his remarks, Bush said, "One reason To Kill a Mockingbird was successful is the wise and kind heart of the author, which comes through on every page. To Kill a Mockingbird has significantly improved the character of our country. It was a gift to the entire world. As a model of good writing and humane sensibility, this book will continue to be read and studied."].', 0.99393255, 1)
("Manhattan was on track to have an estimated 90,000 hotel rooms at the end of 2014, a 10% increase from 2013. In October 2014, the Anbang Insurance Group, based in China, purchased the Waldorf Astoria New York for US$1.95 billion, making it the world's most expensive hotel ever sold.", 'Manhattan had an estimated 90,000 hotel rooms at the end of 2014, a 10% increase from the previous year. In October 2014, the Anbang Insurance Group, based in China, purchased the Waldorf Astoria New York for US$1.95 billion, making it the most expensive hotel ever sold in the world.', 0.99397236, 1)
('Back in Warsaw that year, Chopin heard Niccolò Paganini play the violin, and composed a set of variations, Souvenir de Paganini. It may have been this experience which encouraged him to commence writing his first Études, (1829–32), exploring the capacities of his own instrument. On 11 August, three weeks after completing his studies at the Warsaw Conservatory, he made his debut in Vienna. He gave two piano concerts and received many favourable reviews—in addition to some commenting (in Chopin\'s own words) that he was "too delicate for those accustomed to the piano-bashing of local artists". In one of these concerts, he premiered his Variations on Là ci darem la mano, Op. 2 (variations on an aria from Mozart\'s opera Don Giovanni) for piano and orchestra. He returned to Warsaw in September 1829, where he premiered his Piano Concerto No. 2 in F minor, Op. 21 on 17 March 1830.', ' In the year 1829, back in Warsaw, Chopin heard Niccolò Paganini play the violin. He wrote a set of variations, Souvenir de Paganini. It is likely that this experience encouraged him to begin writing his first Études (1829–32), to explore the capabilities of his own instrument. On 11 August, three weeks after completing his studies at the Warsaw Conservatory, he made his debut in Vienna. He gave two piano concerts and received many favorable reviews—aside from some that found him "too delicate" for those accustomed to the piano-bashing of local artists. In one of these concerts, he premiered his Variations on Là ci darem la mano, Op. 2 (variations on an aria from Mozart\'s opera Don Giovanni) for piano and orchestra. He returned to Warsaw in September 1829, where he premiered his Piano Concerto No. 2 in F minor, Op. 21 on 17 March 1830.', 0.9939861, 1)
('Originally, a FireWire connection to the host computer was used to update songs or recharge the battery. The battery could also be charged with a power adapter that was included with the first four generations.', ' Originally, a FireWire connection to the host computer was used to update songs or charge the battery. The battery could also be charged using a power adapter that was included with the first four generations.', 0.99399084, 1)
('Following filming in Mexico, and during a scheduled break, Craig was flown to New York to undergo minor surgery to fix his knee injury. It was reported that filming was not affected and he had returned to filming at Pinewood Studios as planned on 22 April.', ' After filming in Mexico, and during a scheduled break, Craig was flown to New York for a minor surgical intervention to fix his knee injury. It was reported that filming was not affected and he had returned to filming at Pinewood Studios on 22 April.', 0.9939919, 1)
('New York is the most important source of political fundraising in the United States, as four of the top five ZIP codes in the nation for political contributions are in Manhattan. The top ZIP code, 10021 on the Upper East Side, generated the most money for the 2004 presidential campaigns of George W. Bush and John Kerry. The city has a strong imbalance of payments with the national and state governments. It receives 83 cents in services for every $1 it sends to the federal government in taxes (or annually sends $11.4 billion more than it receives back). The city also sends an additional $11 billion more each year to the state of New York than it receives back.', ' New York is the most significant source of political donations in the United States, as four out of the top five ZIP codes in the country for political contributions are in Manhattan. The highest ZIP code, 10021 on the Upper East Side, raised the most money for the 2004 presidential campaigns of George W. Bush and John Kerry. The city has a significant disparity in payments with the national and state cores. It receives 83 cents in services for every $1 in taxes it sends to the federal government (or $11.4 billion more annually than it receives), and it also sends $11 billion more annually to the state of New York than it receives.', 0.9940189, 1)
('Laird writes that the Ming appointed titles to eastern Tibetan princes, and that "these alliances with eastern Tibetan principalities are the evidence China now produces for its assertion that the Ming ruled Tibet," despite the fact that the Ming did not send an army to replace the Mongols after they left Tibet. Yiu Yung-chin states that the furthest western extent of the Ming dynasty\'s territory was Gansu, Sichuan, and Yunnan while "the Ming did not possess Tibet."', ' Laird states that the Ming bestowed titles upon eastern Tibetan princes, and that "these alliances with eastern Tibetan principalities are the evidence China now produces to support its claim that the Ming ruled Tibet," despite the fact that the Ming did not send an army to replace the Mongols after they left Tibet. Yiu Yung-chin asserts that the westernmost extent of the Ming dynasty\'s territory was Gansu, Sichuan, and Yunnan while "the Ming did not possess Tibet."', 0.99402255, 1)
("The country bounced between socialism and adherence to the neoliberal model. Land reform and nationalizations were enforced; the Portuguese Constitution (approved in 1976) was rewritten in order to accommodate socialist and communist principles. Until the constitutional revisions of 1982 and 1989, the constitution was a highly charged ideological document with numerous references to socialism, the rights of workers, and the desirability of a socialist economy. Portugal's economic situation after its transition to democracy, obliged the government to pursue International Monetary Fund (IMF)-monitored stabilization programs in 1977–78 and 1983–85.", " The country swung between socialism and adherence to the neoliberal model. Land reforms and nationalizations were enforced. The Portuguese Constitution (approved in 1976) was revised to accommodate socialist and communist principles. Until the constitutional revisions of 1982 and 1989, the constitution was a highly charged ideological document with numerous references to socialism, the rights of workers, and the desirability of a socialist economy. Portugal's economic situation after its transition to democracy forced the government to implement IMF-monitored stabilization programs in 1977–78 and 1983–85.", 0.9940425, 1)
("Strong aftershocks continued to strike even months after the main quake. On May 25, an aftershock of 6.0 Mw (6.4 Ms according to CEA) hit northeast of the original earthquake's epicenter, in Qingchuan County, Sichuan, causing eight deaths, 1000 injuries, and destroying thousands of buildings. On May 27, two aftershocks, one 5.2 Mw in Qingchuan County and one 5.7 Mw in Ningqiang County, Shaanxi, led to the collapse of more than 420,000 homes and injured 63 people. The same area suffered two more aftershocks of 5.6 and 6.0 Ms (5.8 and 5.5 Mw, respectively, according to USGS) on July 23, resulting in 1 death, 6 serious injuries, collapse of hundreds of homes and damaging kilometers of highways. Pingwu County and Beichuan County, Sichuan, also northeast of Wenchuan and close to the epicenter of a 7.2 Ms earthquake in 1976, suffered a 6.1 Ms aftershock (5.7 Mw according to USGS) on August 1; it caused 2 deaths, 345 injuries, collapse of 707 homes, damages to over 1,000 homes, and blocked 25 kilometres (16 mi) of country roads. As late as August 5, yet another aftershock of 6.1 Ms (6.2 Mw according to USGS) hit Qingchuan, Sichuan, causing 1 death, 32 injuries, telecommunication interruptions, and widespread hill slides blocking roads in the area including a national highway.", "Aftershocks continued to occur strongly even months after the main quake. On May 25, in Qingchuan County, northeast of the original earthquake's epicenter in Sichuan, a 6.0 Mw aftershock (6.4 Ms according to CEA) occurred, resulting in eight deaths, 1000 injuries, and the destruction of thousands of buildings. On May 27, there were two aftershocks: one of 5.2 Mw in Qingchuan County and one of 5.7 Mw in Ningqiang County, Shaanxi. This led to the collapse of over 420,000 homes and injuries to 63 people. The same area suffered two more aftershocks of 5.6 and 6.0 Ms (5.8 and 5.5 Mw, respectively, according to USGS) on July 23. One death, six serious injuries, the collapse of hundreds of homes, and damage to kilometers of highways resulted. Pingwu County and Beichuan County in Sichuan, northeast of Wenchuan and close to the epicenter of a 7.2 Ms earthquake in 1976, experienced a 6.1 Ms aftershock (5.7 Mw according to USGS) on August 1. This caused two deaths, 345 injuries, the collapse of 707 homes, damages to over 1,000 homes, and blocked 25 kilometres (16 mi) of country roads. As late as August 5, another aftershock of 6.1 Ms (6.2 Mw according to USGS) hit Qingchuan, Sichuan, resulting in one death, 32 injuries, telecommunication interruptions, and widespread hill slides blocking roads in the area including a national highway.", 0.99410546, 1)
("The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon. Dillon's scientific courses were six years of work, including higher-level mathematics courses. Today the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, includes over 1,200 undergraduates in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each awarding Bachelor of Science (B.S.) degrees. According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States.", " The College of Science was established at the university in 1865 by president Father Patrick Dillon. Dillon's scientific courses lasted six years, including advanced mathematics courses. Today, the college, housed in the newly built Jordan Hall of Science, has over 1,200 undergraduate students in six departments of study – biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics, pre-professional studies, and applied and computational mathematics and statistics (ACMS) – each granting a Bachelor of Science (B.S.) degree. According to university statistics, its science pre-professional program has one of the highest acceptance rates to medical school of any university in the United States.", 0.9941056, 1)
('Chocolate is New York City\'s leading specialty-food export, with up to US$234 million worth of exports each year. Entrepreneurs were forming a "Chocolate District" in Brooklyn as of 2014, while Godiva, one of the world\'s largest chocolatiers, continues to be headquartered in Manhattan.', ' Chocolate is New York City\'s leading specialty-food export, with up to US$234 million worth of exports each year. Entrepreneurs were forming a "Chocolate District" in Brooklyn as of 2014, while Godiva, one of the world\'s largest chocolatiers, continues to be headquartered in Manhattan.Therefore, chocolate is New York City\'s major specialty-food export, with an annual worth of up to US$234 million. Entrepreneurs initiated the creation of a "Chocolate District" in Brooklyn as of 2014. Meanwhile, Godiva, one of the largest chocolatiers globally, remains headquartered in Manhattan.', 0.99414605, 1)
('The city government was a petitioner in the landmark Massachusetts v. Environmental Protection Agency Supreme Court case forcing the EPA to regulate greenhouse gases as pollutants. The city is also a leader in the construction of energy-efficient green office buildings, including the Hearst Tower among others. Mayor Bill de Blasio has committed to an 80% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions between 2014 and 2050 to reduce the city\'s contributions to climate change, beginning with a comprehensive "Green Buildings" plan.', ' The city government was a petitioner in the landmark Massachusetts v. Environmental Protection Agency Supreme Court case, compelling the EPA to regulate greenhouse gases as pollutants. The city is also a pioneer in the construction of energy-efficient office buildings, including the Hearst Tower and others. Mayor Bill de Blasio has committed to an 80% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions between 2014 and 2050 to reduce the city\'s contributions to climate change, initiating with a comprehensive "Green Buildings" plan.', 0.9941749, 1)
("On June 11, 2006, the British tabloid The Mail on Sunday reported that iPods are mainly manufactured by workers who earn no more than US$50 per month and work 15-hour shifts. Apple investigated the case with independent auditors and found that, while some of the plant's labour practices met Apple's Code of Conduct, others did not: employees worked over 60 hours a week for 35% of the time, and worked more than six consecutive days for 25% of the time.", " On June 11, 2006, The Mail on Sunday reported that iPods are mainly manufactured by workers who earn no more than US$50 per month and work 15-hour shifts. Apple investigated the case with independent auditors and found that, while some of the factories followed Apple's Code of Conduct, others did not: employees worked an average of more than 60 hours per week for 35% of the time, and worked more than six consecutive days for 25% of the time.", 0.9942107, 1)
("Video games are playable on various versions of iPods. The original iPod had the game Brick (originally invented by Apple's co-founder Steve Wozniak) included as an easter egg hidden feature; later firmware versions added it as a menu option. Later revisions of the iPod added three more games: Parachute, Solitaire, and Music Quiz.", ' Video games are playable on various versions of iPods. The original iPod had the game Brick (originally conceived by co-founder Steve Wozniak) hidden as an Easter egg feature; later firmware versions added it as a menu option. Later revisions of the iPod added three extra games: Parachute, Solitaire, and Music Quiz.', 0.99421984, 1)
('During the Wisconsinan glaciation, the New York City region was situated at the edge of a large ice sheet over 1,000 feet in depth. The ice sheet scraped away large amounts of soil, leaving the bedrock that serves as the geologic foundation for much of New York City today. Later on, the ice sheet would help split apart what are now Long Island and Staten Island.', ' During the Wisconsin glaciation, the New York City region was located at the edge of a large ice sheet that was over 1,000 feet deep. The ice sheet scraped away large amounts of soil, leaving the bedrock that serves as the geologic foundation for much of New York City today. Later, the ice sheet was responsible for splitting apart what are now Long Island and Staten Island.', 0.9942318, 1)
("Development of a solar-powered car has been an engineering goal since the 1980s. The World Solar Challenge is a biannual solar-powered car race, where teams from universities and enterprises compete over 3,021 kilometres (1,877 mi) across central Australia from Darwin to Adelaide. In 1987, when it was founded, the winner's average speed was 67 kilometres per hour (42 mph) and by 2007 the winner's average speed had improved to 90.87 kilometres per hour (56.46 mph). The North American Solar Challenge and the planned South African Solar Challenge are comparable competitions that reflect an international interest in the engineering and development of solar powered vehicles.", " The development of a solar-powered car has been a technical goal since the 1980s. The World Solar Challenge is a biannual solar-powered car race, where teams from universities and enterprises compete over a distance of 3,021 kilometres (1,877 mi) across central Australia, from Darwin to Adelaide. In 1987, when it was founded, the winning teams' average speed was 67 kilometres per hour (42 mph). By 2007, their average speed had improved to 90.87 kilometres per hour (56.46 mph). The North American Solar Challenge and the planned South African Solar Challenge are comparable competitions that reflect an international interest in the engineering and development of solar-powered vehicles.", 0.9942318, 1)
("Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish. They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013–14 school year. The Fighting Irish previously competed in the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference through 2012–13. Men's sports include baseball, basketball, crew, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball. The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its inception in 1887. Both fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East.", " The Notre Dame teams are known as the Fighting Irish. They compete as members of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I, mainly in the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) for all sports since the 2013-14 academic year. The Fighting Irish were previously members of the Horizon League from 1982-83 to 1985-86, and again from 1987-88 to 1994-95, and then in the Big East Conference until 2012-13. The male sports include baseball, basketball, rowing, cross country, fencing, football, golf, ice hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming & diving, tennis and track & field; while the female sports include basketball, cross country, fencing, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis, track & field and volleyball. The football team competes as an Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) Independent since its founding in 1887. Both the fencing teams compete in the Midwest Fencing Conference, and the men's ice hockey team competes in Hockey East.", 0.99423206, 1)
('The most important demographic influence in the modern Portuguese seems to be the oldest one; current interpretation of Y-chromosome and mtDNA data suggests that the Portuguese have their origin in Paleolithic peoples that began arriving to the European continent around 45,000 years ago. All subsequent migrations did leave an impact, genetically and culturally, but the main population source of the Portuguese is still Paleolithic. Genetic studies show Portuguese populations not to be significantly different from other European populations.', ' The most influential demographic factor on the modern Portuguese appears to be the oldest one; current interpretations of Y-chromosome and mtDNA data suggest that the Portuguese originated from Paleolithic peoples who began arriving on the European continent approximately 45,000 years ago. All subsequent migrations had an impact, genetically and culturally, but the primary population source of the Portuguese remains Paleolithic. Genetic studies indicate that Portuguese populations are not significantly different from other European populations.', 0.99424005, 1)
("The men's basketball team has over 1,600 wins, one of only 12 schools who have reached that mark, and have appeared in 28 NCAA tournaments. Former player Austin Carr holds the record for most points scored in a single game of the tournament with 61. Although the team has never won the NCAA Tournament, they were named by the Helms Athletic Foundation as national champions twice. The team has orchestrated a number of upsets of number one ranked teams, the most notable of which was ending UCLA's record 88-game winning streak in 1974. The team has beaten an additional eight number-one teams, and those nine wins rank second, to UCLA's 10, all-time in wins against the top team. The team plays in newly renovated Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P. Joyce Center), which reopened for the beginning of the 2009–2010 season. The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, as of the 2014–15 season, his fifteenth at Notre Dame, has achieved a 332-165 record. In 2009 they were invited to the NIT, where they advanced to the semifinals but were beaten by Penn State who went on and beat Baylor in the championship. The 2010–11 team concluded its regular season ranked number seven in the country, with a record of 25–5, Brey's fifth straight 20-win season, and a second-place finish in the Big East. During the 2014-15 season, the team went 32-6 and won the ACC conference tournament, later advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost on a missed buzzer-beater against then undefeated Kentucky. Led by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish beat the eventual national champion Duke Blue Devils twice during the season. The 32 wins were the most by the Fighting Irish team since 1908-09.", " The men's basketball team has more than 1,600 victories, one of the 12 schools that have reached this figure, and has participated in the NCAA tournaments 28 times. Former player Austin Carr holds the record for the most points in a single tournament game with 61. Although the team has never won the NCAA tournaments, it was named national champion twice by the Helms Athletic Foundation. The team has orchestrated several upsets against number one ranked teams, the most notable being the ending of UCLA's record-breaking 88-game winning streak in 1974. The team has defeated eight number one teams, and those nine victories rank second, after those of UCLA, in the list of victories against number one teams. The team plays in the newly restored Purcell Pavilion (within the Edmund P. Joyce Center), which reopened at the beginning of the 2009–2010 season. The team is coached by Mike Brey, who, since the 2014–15 season, has been in his fourteenth season at Notre Dame, and has a record of 332-165. In the 2009 season, they were invited to the NIT, where they reached the semifinals, but were defeated by Penn State, who then went on to defeat Baylor in the final. The 2010–11 team finished the regular season ranked seventh in the country, with a record of 25-5, Brey's fifth consecutive season with more than 20 wins, and a second place finish in the Big East. During the 2014-15 season, the Fighting Irish played 32 games and won the ACC conference tournament, advancing to the Elite 8, where the Fighting Irish lost to the undefeated Kentucky. Attracted by NBA draft picks Jerian Grant and Pat Connaughton, the Fighting Irish defeated the Duke Blue Devils twice during the season. The 32 victories were the most since the 1908-09 Fighting Irish team.", 0.99425924, 0)
('The two mature piano sonatas (No. 2, Op. 35, written in 1839 and No. 3, Op. 58, written in 1844) are in four movements. In Op. 35, Chopin was able to combine within a formal large musical structure many elements of his virtuosic piano technique—"a kind of dialogue between the public pianism of the brilliant style and the German sonata principle". The last movement, a brief (75-bar) perpetuum mobile in which the hands play in unmodified octave unison throughout, was found shocking and unmusical by contemporaries, including Schumann. The Op. 58 sonata is closer to the German tradition, including many passages of complex counterpoint, "worthy of Brahms" according to the music historians Kornel Michałowski and Jim Samson.', ' The two mature piano sonatas (No. 2, Op. 35, written in 1839 and No. 3, Op. 58, written in 1844) consist of four movements. In Op. 35, Chopin was able to combine many elements of his virtuoso piano technique (a kind of dialogue between public pianism of the brilliant style and the German sonata principle) within a large musical structural framework. The last movement, a short (75-time) perpetuum mobile in which the hands play in unison octaves, was found shocking and unmusical by Chopin\'s contemporaries, including Schumann. The Op. 58 sonata is closer to the German tradition, with many passages of complex counterpoint, "worthy of Brahms" according to music historians Kornel Michałowski and Jim Samson.', 0.99426985, 1)
("In September 2006, the iTunes Store began to offer additional games for purchase with the launch of iTunes 7, compatible with the fifth generation iPod with iPod software 1.2 or later. Those games were: Bejeweled, Cubis 2, Mahjong, Mini Golf, Pac-Man, Tetris, Texas Hold 'Em, Vortex, Asphalt 4: Elite Racing and Zuma. Additional games have since been added. These games work on the 6th and 5th generation iPod Classic and the 5th and 4th generation iPod Nano.", ' In September 2006, the iTunes Store began selling additional games with the launch of iTunes 7. These games were compatible with the fifth generation iPod and iPod software 1.2 or later. The following games were available: Bejeweled, Cubis 2, Mahjong, Mini Golf, Pac-Man, Tetris, Texas Hold Em, Vortex, Asphalt 4: Elite Racing, and Zuma. More games have been added since then. These games work on the sixth and fifth generation iPod Classic, and the fifth and fourth generation iPod Nano.', 0.99427336, 1)
("Chopin's life and his relations with George Sand have been fictionalized in numerous films. The 1945 biographical film A Song to Remember earned Cornel Wilde an Academy Award nomination as Best Actor for his portrayal of the composer. Other film treatments have included: La valse de l'adieu (France, 1928) by Henry Roussel, with Pierre Blanchar as Chopin; Impromptu (1991), starring Hugh Grant as Chopin; La note bleue (1991); and Chopin: Desire for Love (2002).", ' The life stories of Chopin and his relationship with George Sand have been fictionalized in many films. The biographical film "A Song to Remember" from 1945 brought Cornel Wilde an Academy Award nomination as Best Actor for his portrayal of the composer. Other film treatments are: "The False Note" (France, 1928) by Henry Roussel with Pierre Blanchar as Chopin; "Impromptu" (1991), with Hugh Grant in the lead role as Chopin; and "Chopin: Longing for Love" (2002).', 0.9942778, 1)
('Phage therapy is another option that is being looked into for treating resistant strains of bacteria. The way that researchers are doing this is by infecting pathogenic bacteria with their own viruses, more specifically, bacteriophages. Bacteriophages, also known simply as phages, are precisely bacterial viruses that infect bacteria by disrupting pathogenic bacterium lytic cycles. By disrupting the lytic cycles of bacterium, phages destroy their metabolism, which eventually results in the cell\'s death. Phages will insert their DNA into the bacterium, allowing their DNA to be transcribed. Once their DNA is transcribed the cell will proceed to make new phages and as soon as they are ready to be released, the cell will lyse. One of the worries about using phages to fight pathogens is that the phages will infect "good" bacteria, or the bacteria that are important in the everyday function of human beings. However, studies have proven that phages are very specific when they target bacteria, which makes researchers confident that bacteriophage therapy is the definite route to defeating antibiotic resistant bacteria.', ' Phage therapy is another option that is being explored for treating bacterial strains resistant to antibiotics. The way researchers are doing this is by infecting pathogenic bacteria with their own viruses, specifically bacteriophages. Bacteriophages, also known simply as phages, are precisely bacterial viruses that infect bacteria by disrupting the pathogenic bacterial growth cycles. By disrupting the growth cycles of bacteria, phages destroy their metabolism, which eventually leads to the cells death. Phages will insert their DNA into the bacterium, allowing their DNA to be transcribed. Once their DNA is transcribed, the cell will proceed to make new phages and as soon as they are ready to be released, the cell will lyse. One concern about using phages to fight pathogens is that they will infect "good" bacteria, or the bacteria that are important in the everyday function of the human body. However, studies have proven that phages are very specific when they target bacteria, making researchers confident that bacteriophage therapy is the definite route to defeating antibiotic-resistant bacteria.', 0.9942937, 1)
('In presidential elections, Montana was long classified as a swing state, though the state has voted for the Republican candidate in all but two elections from 1952 to the present. The state last supported a Democrat for president in 1992, when Bill Clinton won a plurality victory. Overall, since 1889 the state has voted for Democratic governors 60 percent of the time and Democratic presidents 40 percent of the time, with these numbers being 40/60 for Republican candidates. In the 2008 presidential election, Montana was considered a swing state and was ultimately won by Republican John McCain, albeit by a narrow margin of two percent.', ' In presidential elections, Montana was traditionally classified as a swing state, although the state supported the Republican Party candidate in all but two elections from 1952 to present. The state last supported a Democratic presidential candidate in 1992, when Bill Clinton achieved a majority win. In total, Montana voted 60% for democratic governors and 40% for democratic presidential candidates, with these figures being 40/60 for republican candidates. In the presidential elections of 2008, Montana was seen as a swing state and was eventually won by the Republican John McCain, with a narrow margin of two percent.', 0.9943161, 1)
("In the 1970s, job losses due to industrial restructuring caused New York City to suffer from economic problems and rising crime rates. While a resurgence in the financial industry greatly improved the city's economic health in the 1980s, New York's crime rate continued to increase through that decade and into the beginning of the 1990s. By the mid 1990s, crime rates started to drop dramatically due to revised police strategies, improving economic opportunities, gentrification, and new residents, both American transplants and new immigrants from Asia and Latin America. Important new sectors, such as Silicon Alley, emerged in the city's economy. New York's population reached all-time highs in the 2000 Census and then again in the 2010 Census.", " In the 1970s, mass layoffs due to industrial restructuring caused New York City to suffer from economic problems and rising crime rates. While the resurgence of the financial industry greatly improved the city's economic health in the 1980s, New York's crime rate continued to increase throughout that decade and into the beginning of the 1990s. By the mid 1990s, crime rates had dropped dramatically due to revised police strategies, improving economic opportunities, gentrification and new residents, both American transplants and new immigrants from Asia and Latin America. Important new sectors, such as Silicon Alley, emerged in the city's economy. New York's population reached all-time highs in the 2000 Census and then again in the 2010 Census.", 0.9943434, 1)
('Kublai Khan did not conquer the Song dynasty in South China until 1279, so Tibet was a component of the early Mongol Empire before it was combined into one of its descendant empires with the whole of China under the Yuan dynasty (1271–1368). Van Praag writes that this conquest "marked the end of independent China," which was then incorporated into the Yuan dynasty that ruled China, Tibet, Mongolia, Korea, parts of Siberia and Upper Burma. Morris Rossabi, a professor of Asian history at Queens College, City University of New York, writes that "Khubilai wished to be perceived both as the legitimate Khan of Khans of the Mongols and as the Emperor of China. Though he had, by the early 1260s, become closely identified with China, he still, for a time, claimed universal rule", and yet "despite his successes in China and Korea, Khubilai was unable to have himself accepted as the Great Khan". Thus, with such limited acceptance of his position as Great Khan, Kublai Khan increasingly became identified with China and sought support as Emperor of China.', ' Kublai Khan didn\'t conquer the Song-dynasty in the South of China until 1279, so Tibet was part of the early Mongol Empire before it was incorporated into one of his successor-states with all of China under the Yuan-dynasty (1271-1368). According to Van Praag, this conquest marked the end of independent China, which was then absorbed into the Yuan-dynasty that governed China, Tibet, Mongolia, Korea, parts of Siberia and Upper-Burma. Morris Rossabi, professor of Asian history at Queens College, City University of New York, writes that "Khubilai wanted to continually see himself as the legitimate Khan of Khans of the Mongols and as Emperor of China. Although he was closely connected to China from the early 1260s, he continued to claim universal rule for a time," but "despite his success in China and Korea, Khubilai could not be accepted as the Great Khan." Therefore, Kublai Khan increasingly identified himself with China and sought support as Emperor of China.', 0.9943507, 1)
('The iTunes Store (introduced April 29, 2003) is an online media store run by Apple and accessed through iTunes. The store became the market leader soon after its launch and Apple announced the sale of videos through the store on October 12, 2005. Full-length movies became available on September 12, 2006.', ' The iTunes Store (introduced April 29, 2003) is an online media store run by Apple and accessible through iTunes. The store took the lead soon after its launch, and Apple announced the sale of videos through the store on October 12, 2005. Full-length movies became available on September 12, 2006.', 0.9943763, 1)
('In August, the couple attended the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards, at which Beyoncé performed "Love on Top" and started the performance saying "Tonight I want you to stand up on your feet, I want you to feel the love that\'s growing inside of me". At the end of the performance, she dropped her microphone, unbuttoned her blazer and rubbed her stomach, confirming her pregnancy she had alluded to earlier in the evening. Her appearance helped that year\'s MTV Video Music Awards become the most-watched broadcast in MTV history, pulling in 12.4 million viewers; the announcement was listed in Guinness World Records for "most tweets per second recorded for a single event" on Twitter, receiving 8,868 tweets per second and "Beyonce pregnant" was the most Googled term the week of August 29, 2011.', ' In August, the couple attended the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards. Beyoncé performed "Love on Top" and said: "Tonight I want you to stand up on your feet, I want you to feel the love that\'s growing inside of me." At the end of the performance, she threw her microphone away, undid her blazer and rubbed her stomach, confirming her pregnancy that she had hinted at earlier in the evening. Her performance made that year\'s MTV Video Music Awards the most-watched broadcast in MTV history, with 12.4 million viewers. The announcement was recorded in the Guinness Book of Records for "most tweets per second for a single event" on Twitter, with 8,868 tweets per second. "Beyonce pregnant" was the most searched term the week of August 29, 2011.', 0.9943813, 1)
('New York\'s high rate of public transit use, over 200,000 daily cyclists as of 2014, and many pedestrian commuters make it the most energy-efficient major city in the United States. Walk and bicycle modes of travel account for 21% of all modes for trips in the city; nationally the rate for metro regions is about 8%. In both its 2011 and 2015 rankings, Walk Score named New York City the most walkable large city in the United States. Citibank sponsored the introduction of 10,000 public bicycles for the city\'s bike-share project in the summer of 2013. Research conducted by Quinnipiac University showed that a majority of New Yorkers support the initiative. New York City\'s numerical "in-season cycling indicator" of bicycling in the city hit an all-time high in 2013.', ' New York\'s high number of public transportation users, over 200,000 daily in 2014 and many pedestrian commuters, make it the most energy-efficient large city in the United States. Walking and biking modes of travel account for 21% of all travel modes in the city; nationally, this percentage is approximately 8% for metropolitan areas. In both its 2011 and 2015 rankings, Walk Score named New York City the most walk-friendly large city in the United States. Citibank sponsored the implementation of 10,000 publicly available bikes for the city bike project in the summer of 2013. A Quinnipiac University study showed that a majority of New Yorkers supported the initiative. New York City\'s numerical "in-season cycling indicator" of bikes in the city reached an absolute peak in 2013. (Note: "Walk Score" is a company that rates the walkability of different locations, so it\'s not a direct translation to Dutch. Instead, I\'ve translated it as "walk-friendliness" or "walk-friendly city" in Dutch.)', 0.99439144, 1)
('The New York City Charter School Center assists the setup of new charter schools. There are approximately 900 additional privately run secular and religious schools in the city.', ' The New York City Charter School Center helps in establishing new charter schools. There are approximately 900 additional privately run secular and religious schools in the city.', 0.9944774, 1)
('On 12 July 2007, European Court of Human Rights when dismissing the appeal by Nikola Jorgić against his conviction for genocide by a German court (Jorgic v. Germany) noted that the German courts wider interpretation of genocide has since been rejected by international courts considering similar cases. The ECHR also noted that in the 21st century "Amongst scholars, the majority have taken the view that ethnic cleansing, in the way in which it was carried out by the Serb forces in Bosnia and Herzegovina in order to expel Muslims and Croats from their homes, did not constitute genocide. However, there are also a considerable number of scholars who have suggested that these acts did amount to genocide, and the ICTY has found in the Momcilo Krajisnik case that the actus reu, of genocide was met in Prijedor "With regard to the charge of genocide, the Chamber found that in spite of evidence of acts perpetrated in the municipalities which constituted the actus reus of genocide".', '[On 12 July 2007, the European Court of Human Rights, in dismissing the appeal by Nikola Jorgić against his conviction for genocide by a German court (Jorgic v. Germany), stated that the wider interpretation of genocide by the German courts had been rejected by international courts dealing with similar cases. The ECHR also stated that among scholars in the 21st century, the majority view is that ethnic cleansing, as it was carried out by the Serb forces in Bosnia and Herzegovina to expel Muslims and Croats from their homes, did not constitute genocide. However, there is also a significant number of scholars who have argued that these acts did amount to genocide. The ICTY has found in the Momcilo Krajisnik case that the actus reus of genocide was committed in Prijedor. Regarding the charge of genocide, the Chamber found that despite evidence of acts committed in the municipalities which constituted the actus reus of genocide, genocide had not occurred].', 0.99449396, 1)
('Many accessories have been made for the iPod line. A large number are made by third party companies, although many, such as the iPod Hi-Fi, are made by Apple. Some accessories add extra features that other music players have, such as sound recorders, FM radio tuners, wired remote controls, and audio/visual cables for TV connections. Other accessories offer unique features like the Nike+iPod pedometer and the iPod Camera Connector. Other notable accessories include external speakers, wireless remote controls, protective case, screen films, and wireless earphones. Among the first accessory manufacturers were Griffin Technology, Belkin, JBL, Bose, Monster Cable, and SendStation.', ' Many devices have been made for the iPod series. A large number have been made by third parties, but there are also many, such as the iPod Hi-Fi, made by Apple. Some devices add extra features that other music players have, such as recording buttons, FM radio receivers, sleek control panels, and audio-visual cables for TV connections. Other devices offer unique features, such as the Nike+iPod pedometer and the iPod Camera Connector. Other notable devices are external speakers, wireless control panels, protective cases, screen protectors, and wireless earphones. Among the first device manufacturers were Griffin Technology, Belkin, JBL, Bose, Monster Cable, and SendStation.', 0.9945423, 1)
('About 30 people have been indicted for participating in genocide or complicity in genocide during the early 1990s in Bosnia. To date, after several plea bargains and some convictions that were successfully challenged on appeal two men, Vujadin Popović and Ljubiša Beara, have been found guilty of committing genocide, Zdravko Tolimir has been found guilty of committing genocide and conspiracy to commit genocide, and two others, Radislav Krstić and Drago Nikolić, have been found guilty of aiding and abetting genocide. Three others have been found guilty of participating in genocides in Bosnia by German courts, one of whom Nikola Jorgić lost an appeal against his conviction in the European Court of Human Rights. A further eight men, former members of the Bosnian Serb security forces were found guilty of genocide by the State Court of Bosnia and Herzegovina (See List of Bosnian genocide prosecutions).', ' Approximately 30 people have been indicted for participation in genocide or complicity in genocide during the early 1990s in Bosnia. To date, after some settlements and some appeals that were successfully challenged, two men, Vujadin Popović and Ljubiša Beara, have been found guilty of genocide. Zdravko Tolimir has been found guilty of genocide and conspiring to genocide, and two others, Radislav Krstić and Drago Nikolić, have been found guilty of complicity in genocide. Three others have been found guilty of genocide by German courts, one of whom, Nikola Jorgić, lost his appeal against his sentence at the European Court of Human Rights. Furthermore, eight men, former members of the Bosnian Serb security services, have been found guilty of genocide by the State Court of Bosnia and Herzegovina (See list of genocide trials in Bosnia).', 0.9945424, 1)
('George Gipp was the school\'s legendary football player during 1916–20. He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank, and gambled when not playing sports. He was also humble, generous to the needy, and a man of integrity. It was in 1928 that famed coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper." The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O\'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp. Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus. The current head coach is Brian Kelly, hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009. Kelly\'s record in midway through his sixth season at Notre Dame is 52–21. In 2012, Kelly\'s Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game. Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons. Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35–27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history. The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22.1 million is retained from the team\'s profits for academic use. Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007.', 'George Gipp was the legendary football player of the school between 1916-20. He played semiprofessional baseball and smoked, drank and gambled when he wasn\'t playing sports. He was also humble, generous to the needy and a man of integrity. In 1928, famous coach Knute Rockne used his final conversation with the dying Gipp to inspire the Notre Dame team to beat the Army team and "win one for the Gipper." The 1940 film, Knute Rockne, All American, starred Pat O\'Brien as Knute Rockne and Ronald Reagan as Gipp. Today the team competes in Notre Dame Stadium, an 80,795-seat stadium on campus. The current head coach is Brian Kelly, who was hired from the University of Cincinnati on December 11, 2009. Kelly\'s record is halfway through his sixth season at Notre Dame 52–21. In 2012, Kelly\'s Fighting Irish squad went undefeated and played in the BCS National Championship Game. Kelly succeeded Charlie Weis, who was fired in November 2009 after five seasons. Although Weis led his team to two Bowl Championship Series bowl games, his overall record was 35-27, mediocre by Notre Dame standards, and the 2007 team had the most losses in school history. The football team generates enough revenue to operate independently while $22.1 million is retained from the teams profits for academic use. Forbes named the team as the most valuable in college football, worth a total of $101 million in 2007.', 0.9945547, 1)
('The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States. In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university\'s patron saint, the Virgin Mary. The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica.', ' The University of Notre Dame du Lac, or simply Notre Dame, is a Catholic research university situated next to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States. In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university\'s patron saint, the Virgin Mary. The main campus spans approximately 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and features several notable landmarks, including the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural, commonly known as Touchdown Jesus, and the Basilica.', 0.9945729, 1)
("Under New York State's gradual abolition act of 1799, children of slave mothers were born to be eventually liberated but were held in indentured servitude until their mid-to-late twenties. Together with slaves freed by their masters after the Revolutionary War and escaped slaves, a significant free-black population gradually developed in Manhattan. Under such influential United States founders as Alexander Hamilton and John Jay, the New York Manumission Society worked for abolition and established the African Free School to educate black children. It was not until 1827 that slavery was completely abolished in the state, and free blacks struggled afterward with discrimination. New York interracial abolitionist activism continued; among its leaders were graduates of the African Free School. The city's black population reached more than 16,000 in 1840.", " Under New York's gradual abolition act of 1799, children of slave mothers were born to be eventually freed but were held in indentured servitude until their mid-to-late twenties. Alongside slaves who were freed by their masters after the Revolutionary War and escaped slaves, a substantial free-black population gradually emerged in Manhattan. Influenced by prominent American founders such as Alexander Hamilton and John Jay, the New York Manumission Society advocated for abolition and established the African Free School to educate black children. It wasn't until 1827 that slavery was entirely abolished in the state, and free blacks faced discrimination afterward. New York's interracial abolitionist activism persisted; among its leaders were graduates of the African Free School. The city's black population exceeded 16,000 by 1840.", 0.9945835, 1)
('Tajikistan is landlocked, and is the smallest nation in Central Asia by area. It lies mostly between latitudes 36° and 41° N (a small area is north of 41°), and longitudes 67° and 75° E (a small area is east of 75°). It is covered by mountains of the Pamir range, and more than fifty percent of the country is over 3,000 meters (9,800 ft) above sea level. The only major areas of lower land are in the north (part of the Fergana Valley), and in the southern Kofarnihon and Vakhsh river valleys, which form the Amu Darya. Dushanbe is located on the southern slopes above the Kofarnihon valley.', ' Tajikistan is a landlocked country and the smallest in Central Asia in terms of area. It lies mainly between latitudes 36° and 41° N (a small part is north of 41°), and longitudes 67° and 75° E (a small part is east of 75°). The country is covered by mountains of the Pamir range, and more than fifty percent of it is over 3,000 meters (9,800 ft) above sea level. The only major areas of lower land are in the north, part of the Fergana Valley, and in the southern Kofarnihon and Vakhsh river valleys, which form the Amu Darya. Dushanbe is located on the southern slopes above the Kofarnihon valley.', 0.99461067, 1)
('The group changed their name to Destiny\'s Child in 1996, based upon a passage in the Book of Isaiah. In 1997, Destiny\'s Child released their major label debut song "Killing Time" on the soundtrack to the 1997 film, Men in Black. The following year, the group released their self-titled debut album, scoring their first major hit "No, No, No". The album established the group as a viable act in the music industry, with moderate sales and winning the group three Soul Train Lady of Soul Awards for Best R&B/Soul Album of the Year, Best R&B/Soul or Rap New Artist, and Best R&B/Soul Single for "No, No, No". The group released their multi-platinum second album The Writing\'s on the Wall in 1999. The record features some of the group\'s most widely known songs such as "Bills, Bills, Bills", the group\'s first number-one single, "Jumpin\' Jumpin\'" and "Say My Name", which became their most successful song at the time, and would remain one of their signature songs. "Say My Name" won the Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals and the Best R&B Song at the 43rd Annual Grammy Awards. The Writing\'s on the Wall sold more than eight million copies worldwide. During this time, Beyoncé recorded a duet with Marc Nelson, an original member of Boyz II Men, on the song "After All Is Said and Done" for the soundtrack to the 1999 film, The Best Man.', ' In 1996, the group changed their name to Destiny\'s Child, based on a passage from the Book of Isaiah. In 1997, Destiny\'s Child released their debut single "Killing Time" on the soundtrack of the film Men in Black. The following year, the group released their self-titled debut album, which included their first major hit "No, No, No." The album introduced the group as a respectable act in the music industry, with moderate sales and earning the group three Soul Train Lady of Soul Awards for Best R&B/Soul Album of the Year, Best New R&B/Soul or Rap Artist, and Best R&B/Soul Single for "No, No, No." Destiny\'s Child released their platinum-selling second album The Writing\'s on the Wall in 1999. The album featured some of the group\'s most well-known songs, such as "Bills, Bills, Bills," their first number one single, "Jumpin Jumpin," and "Say My Name," which was their most successful song at the time and remains one of their signature songs. "Say My Name" won the award for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal and Best R&B Song at the 43rd Annual Grammy Awards. The Writing\'s on the Wall sold over eight million copies worldwide. During this period, Beyoncé recorded a duet with Marc Nelson, an original member of Boyz II Men, for the soundtrack of the film The Best Man in 1999. "After All Is Said and Done."', 0.99466145, 1)
('Her first acting role of 2006 was in the comedy film The Pink Panther starring opposite Steve Martin, grossing $158.8 million at the box office worldwide. Her second film Dreamgirls, the film version of the 1981 Broadway musical loosely based on The Supremes, received acclaim from critics and grossed $154 million internationally. In it, she starred opposite Jennifer Hudson, Jamie Foxx, and Eddie Murphy playing a pop singer based on Diana Ross. To promote the film, Beyoncé released "Listen" as the lead single from the soundtrack album. In April 2007, Beyoncé embarked on The Beyoncé Experience, her first worldwide concert tour, visiting 97 venues and grossed over $24 million.[note 1] Beyoncé conducted pre-concert food donation drives during six major stops in conjunction with her pastor at St. John\'s and America\'s Second Harvest. At the same time, B\'Day was re-released with five additional songs, including her duet with Shakira "Beautiful Liar".', ' Her first acting role in 2006 was in the comedy film The Pink Panther with Steve Martin, who was opposite her. The film grossed $158.8 million worldwide in the box office. Her second film, Dreamgirls, was the film version of the 1981 Broadway musical, loosely based on The Supremes. It received critical acclaim and grossed $154 million internationally. In it, she starred as a pop singer based on Diana Ross opposite Jennifer Hudson, Jamie Foxx, and Eddie Murphy. To promote the film, Beyoncé released "Listen" as the lead single from the soundtrack album. In April 2007, Beyoncé began The Beyoncé Experience, her first worldwide concert tour, visiting 97 venues and grossing over $24 million. Beyoncé held food donation drives for six major stops in conjunction with her pastor at St. Johns and Americas Second Harvest. At the same time, BDay was re-released with five additional songs, including her duet with Shakira "Beautiful Liar".', 0.9946979, 1)
('She has received co-writing credits for most of the songs recorded with Destiny\'s Child and her solo efforts. Her early songs were personally driven and female-empowerment themed compositions like "Independent Women" and "Survivor", but after the start of her relationship with Jay Z she transitioned to more man-tending anthems such as "Cater 2 U". Beyoncé has also received co-producing credits for most of the records in which she has been involved, especially during her solo efforts. However, she does not formulate beats herself, but typically comes up with melodies and ideas during production, sharing them with producers.', ' She has co-writing credits for most of the songs recorded by Destiny\'s Child and her solo projects. Her early songs were personally driven and female-empowerment themed compositions like "Independent Women" and "Survivor," but after the start of her relationship with Jay Z she transitioned to more man-attending anthems such as "Cater 2 U." Beyoncé has also co-producing credits for most of the records in which she has been involved, especially during her solo projects. However, she does not compose beats herself, but typically comes up with melodies and ideas during production, sharing them with producers.Translation: She has collaborated on the writing credits for most of the songs recorded by Destiny\'s Child and her solo projects. Her early songs were personal and feminist-themed compositions like "Independent Women" and "Survivor," but after the start of her relationship with Jay Z she shifted to more man-focused anthems like "Cater 2 U." Beyoncé has also co-produced credits for most of the records she has been involved in, particularly during her solo projects. However, she does not create beats herself, but typically comes up with melodies and ideas during production, sharing them with producers.Translation: She contributed to the writing for most of the songs recorded by Destiny\'s Child and her solo projects. Her early songs were personal and feminist, like "Independent Women" and "Survivor," but after starting her relationship with Jay Z she moved towards more man-centric anthems like "Cater 2 U." Beyoncé also co-produced most of the records she was part of, especially during her solo projects. However, she doesn\'t make beats herself, but usually comes up with melodies and ideas during production and shares them with producers.', 0.994709, 1)
("On October 22, 2007, Apple reported quarterly revenue of US$6.22 billion, of which 30.69% came from Apple notebook sales, 19.22% from desktop sales and 26% from iPod sales. Apple's 2007 year revenue increased to US$24.01 billion with US$3.5 billion in profits. Apple ended the fiscal year 2007 with US$15.4 billion in cash and no debt.", " On October 22, 2007, Apple reported quarterly revenue of US$6.22 billion, of which 30.69% came from notebook sales, 19.22% from desktop sales, and 26% from iPod sales. Apple's annual revenue in 2007 reached US$24.01 billion with US$3.5 billion profit. Apple ended the financial year 2007 with US$15.4 billion in cash and no debts.", 0.9947595, 1)
('Fryderyk Chopin was born in Żelazowa Wola, 46 kilometres (29 miles) west of Warsaw, in what was then the Duchy of Warsaw, a Polish state established by Napoleon. The parish baptismal record gives his birthday as 22 February 1810, and cites his given names in the Latin form Fridericus Franciscus (in Polish, he was Fryderyk Franciszek). However, the composer and his family used the birthdate 1 March,[n 2] which is now generally accepted as the correct date.', " Fryderyk Chopin was born in Żelazowa Wola, 46 kilometres (29 miles) west of Warsaw, in what was then the Duchy of Warsaw, a Polish state established by Napoleon. The parish baptismal record gives his birthday as 22 February 1810, and lists his given names in the Latin form Fridericus Franciscus (in Polish, he was Fryderyk Franciszek). However, the composer and his family used the birthdate 1 March, which is now generally accepted as the correct date.Therefore, the translation is:Fryderyk Chopin was born in Żelazowa Wola, 46 kilometres (29 miles) west of Warsaw, in what was then the Duchy of Warsaw, a Polish state established by Napoleon. The parish baptismal record gives his birthday as 22 February 1810, but the composer and his family used the birthdate 1 March, which is now generally accepted as the correct date. He was named Frideryk Franciszek in Polish. Chopin was born in the Duchy of Warsaw, a Polish state that was established by Napoleon. According to the parish baptismal record, he was born on 22 February 1810, but his family and the composer himself used 1 March as his birthdate. Chopin's Polish name was Fryderyk Franciszek.", 0.99475956, 1)
('Among the largest non-state-run research institutions in Portugal are the Instituto Gulbenkian de Ciência and the Champalimaud Foundation, a neuroscience and oncology research centre, which in addition awards every year one of the highest monetary prizes of any science prize in the world. A number of both national and multinational high-tech and industrial companies, are also responsible for research and development projects. One of the oldest learned societies of Portugal is the Sciences Academy of Lisbon, founded in 1779.', ' Among the largest non-state-run research institutions in Portugal are the Gulbenkian Science Institute and the Champalimaud Foundation, a neuroscience and oncology research center, which annually awards one of the highest monetary prizes of any science prize in the world. Several national and multinational high-tech and industrial companies are also involved in research and development projects. One of the oldest learned societies of Portugal is the Lisbon Sciences Academy, founded in 1779.', 0.9947816, 1)
("New York City's commuter rail network is the largest in North America. The rail network, connecting New York City to its suburbs, consists of the Long Island Rail Road, Metro-North Railroad, and New Jersey Transit. The combined systems converge at Grand Central Terminal and Pennsylvania Station and contain more than 250 stations and 20 rail lines. In Queens, the elevated AirTrain people mover system connects JFK International Airport to the New York City Subway and the Long Island Rail Road; a separate AirTrain system is planned alongside the Grand Central Parkway to connect LaGuardia Airport to these transit systems. For intercity rail, New York City is served by Amtrak, whose busiest station by a significant margin is Pennsylvania Station on the West Side of Manhattan, from which Amtrak provides connections to Boston, Philadelphia, and Washington, D.C. along the Northeast Corridor, as well as long-distance train service to other North American cities.", " New York City's commuter train network is the largest in North America. The train network, which connects New York City with its suburbs, consists of the Long Island Rail Road, Metro-North Railroad, and New Jersey Transit. The combined systems converge at Grand Central Terminal and Pennsylvania Station and contain over 250 stations and 20 train lines. In Queens, the above-ground AirTrain transportation system connects JFK International Airport with the New York City Metro train and the Long Island Rail Road; a separate AirTrain system is planned along the Grand Central Parkway to connect LaGuardia Airport with these public transportation systems. For city-to-city train traffic, New York City is served by Amtrak, whose busiest station is Pennsylvania Station in Midtown Manhattan, from where Amtrak provides connections to Boston, Philadelphia, and Washington D.C. along the Northeast Corridor, as well as long-distance train services to other North American cities.", 0.9947862, 1)
('After wrapping up in England, production travelled to Morocco in June, with filming taking place in Oujda, Tangier and Erfoud, after preliminary work was completed by the production\'s second unit. An explosion filmed in Morocco holds a Guinness World Record for the "Largest film stunt explosion" in cinematic history, with the record credited to production designer Chris Corbould. Principal photography concluded on 5 July 2015. A wrap-up party for Spectre was held in commemoration before entering post-production. Filming took 128 days.', ' After wrapping up in England, production traveled to Morocco in June, where filming took place in Oujda, Tangier and Erfoud after preliminary work was completed by the second unit of the production. An explosion filmed in Morocco holds a Guinness World Record for the "Largest film stunt explosion" in cinematic history, with the recognition credited to production designer Chris Corbould. Principal photography ended on 5 July 2015. A wrap-up party for Spectre was held in commemoration before entering post-production. Filming lasted 128 days.', 0.99482036, 1)
("With the occupation by Napoleon, Portugal began a slow but inexorable decline that lasted until the 20th century. This decline was hastened by the independence in 1822 of the country's largest colonial possession, Brazil. In 1807, as Napoleon's army closed in on Lisbon, the Prince Regent João VI of Portugal transferred his court to Brazil and established Rio de Janeiro as the capital of the Portuguese Empire. In 1815, Brazil was declared a Kingdom and the Kingdom of Portugal was united with it, forming a pluricontinental State, the United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil and the Algarves.", " With the occupation by Napoleon, Portugal began a slow but inevitable decline that lasted until the 20th century. This decline was accelerated by the independence of Portugal's largest colonial possession, Brazil, in 1822. In 1807, when Napoleon's army set up camp in Lisbon, the regent of Portugal, John VI, transported his court to Brazil and made Rio de Janeiro the capital of the Portuguese Empire. In 1815, Brazil was proclaimed a kingdom and united with the Kingdom of Portugal, forming a multicontinental state, the United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil, and the Algarves.", 0.99482495, 1)
('Friederike Müller, a pupil of Chopin, wrote: "[His] playing was always noble and beautiful; his tones sang, whether in full forte or softest piano. He took infinite pains to teach his pupils this legato, cantabile style of playing. His most severe criticism was \'He—or she—does not know how to join two notes together.\' He also demanded the strictest adherence to rhythm. He hated all lingering and dragging, misplaced rubatos, as well as exaggerated ritardandos ... and it is precisely in this respect that people make such terrible errors in playing his works."', 'Friederiche Muller, a student of Chopin, wrote: "His playing was always noble and beautiful; his tones sang, whether in full forte or softest piano. He took great pains to teach his pupils this legato, singing-like style of playing. His most severe criticism was: \'He—or she—does not know how to connect two notes.\' He demanded the strictest adherence to rhythm. He hated all lingering and dragging, misplaced rubatos, as well as exaggerated ritardandos ... and it is precisely in this respect that people make such terrible errors in playing his works."Note: The Dutch language does not have a direct translation for the term "cantabile," which means "singing" or "in a singing manner" in Italian. However, in this context, it is used to describe a musical style characterized by smooth and flowing legato playing. In Dutch, this style could be described as "singing-full" or "singing-like" (zangvoll or zangachtig).', 0.99487716, 1)
("The game's score was composed by Toru Minegishi and Asuka Ohta, with series regular Koji Kondo serving as the sound supervisor. Minegishi took charge of composition and sound design in Twilight Princess, providing all field and dungeon music under the supervision of Kondo. For the trailers, three pieces were written by different composers, two of which were created by Mahito Yokota and Kondo. Michiru Ōshima created orchestral arrangements for the three compositions, later to be performed by an ensemble conducted by Yasuzo Takemoto. Kondo's piece was later chosen as music for the E3 2005 trailer and for the demo movie after the game's title screen.", " The games score was composed by Toru Minegishi and Asuka Ohta, with series regular Koji Kondo serving as the sound supervisor. Minegishi was responsible for composition and sound design in Twilight Princess, providing all field and dungeon music under the supervision of Kondo. For the trailers, three pieces were written by different composers. Two of these were created by Mahito Yokota and Kondo. Michiru Ōshima made orchestral arrangements for the three compositions, later to be performed by an ensemble conducted by Yasuzo Takemoto. Kondo's piece was later chosen as music for the E3 2005 trailer and for the demo movie after the game's title screen.", 0.99493665, 1)
("The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842 with the first degrees given in 1849. The university's first academic curriculum was modeled after the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University. Today the college, housed in O'Shaughnessy Hall, includes 20 departments in the areas of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences, and awards Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges. There are around 2,500 undergraduates and 750 graduates enrolled in the college.", " The College of Arts and Letters was established as the university's first college in 1842, granting the first degrees in 1849. The university's first academic curriculum was based on the Jesuit Ratio Studiorum from Saint Louis University. Currently, the college, located in O'Shaughnessy Hall, comprises 20 departments in the fields of fine arts, humanities, and social sciences. It awards Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) degrees in 33 majors, making it the largest of the university's colleges. Approximately 2,500 undergraduate students and 750 graduates are enrolled in the college.", 0.9949454, 1)
('In July 2002, Beyoncé continued her acting career playing Foxxy Cleopatra alongside Mike Myers in the comedy film, Austin Powers in Goldmember, which spent its first weekend atop the US box office and grossed $73 million. Beyoncé released "Work It Out" as the lead single from its soundtrack album which entered the top ten in the UK, Norway, and Belgium. In 2003, Beyoncé starred opposite Cuba Gooding, Jr., in the musical comedy The Fighting Temptations as Lilly, a single mother whom Gooding\'s character falls in love with. The film received mixed reviews from critics but grossed $30 million in the U.S. Beyoncé released "Fighting Temptation" as the lead single from the film\'s soundtrack album, with Missy Elliott, MC Lyte, and Free which was also used to promote the film. Another of Beyoncé\'s contributions to the soundtrack, "Summertime", fared better on the US charts.', ' In July 2002, Beyoncé advanced her acting career by playing Foxxy Cleopatra next to Mike Myers in the comedy film Austin Powers in Goldmember. The film debuted at the top of the American box office and grossed $73 million. Beyoncé released "Work It Out" as the lead single of the soundtrack album, which reached the top 10 in the United Kingdom, Norway, and Belgium. In 2003, Beyoncé acted alongside Cuba Gooding, Jr., in the musical comedy The Fighting Temptations as Lilly, a single mother whom his character falls in love with. The film received mixed reviews from critics but grossed $30 million in the United States. Beyoncé released "Fighting Temptation" as the lead single of the film\'s soundtrack album, along with Missy Elliott, MC Lyte, and Free. Other contributions of Beyoncé to the soundtrack album, "Summertime," performed better on the American charts.', 0.9949488, 1)
('The ownership of the Spectre organisation—originally stylised "SPECTRE" as an acronym of SPecial Executive for Counter-intelligence, Terrorism, Revenge and Extortion—and its characters, had been at the centre of long-standing litigation starting in 1961 between Ian Fleming and Kevin McClory over the film rights to the novel Thunderball. The dispute began after Fleming incorporated elements of an undeveloped film script written by McClory and screenwriter Jack Whittingham—including characters and plot points—into Thunderball, which McClory contested in court, claiming ownership over elements of the novel. In 1963, Fleming settled out of court with McClory, in an agreement which awarded McClory the film rights. This enabled him to become a producer for the 1965 film Thunderball—with Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman as executive producers—and the non-Eon film Never Say Never Again, an updated remake of Thunderball, in 1983.[N 3] A second remake, entitled Warhead 2000 A.D., was planned for production and release in the 1990s before being abandoned. Under the terms of the 1963 settlement, the literary rights stayed with Fleming, allowing the Spectre organisation and associated characters to continue appearing in print.', ' The ownership of Spectre organization—originally styled "SPECTRE" as an acronym for SPecial Executive for Counter-intelligence, Terrorism, Revenge and Extortion—and its characters, was at the heart of a long-standing litigation between Ian Fleming and Kevin McClory over the film rights to the novel Thunderball, starting from 1961. The dispute arose when Fleming incorporated elements of an undeveloped film script written by McClory and screenwriter Jack Whittingham—including characters and plot points—into Thunderball, which McClory contested in court, claiming ownership over parts of the novel. In 1963, Fleming reached an out-of-court settlement with McClory, in an agreement which granted McClory the film rights. This enabled him to produce the 1965 film Thunderball—with Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman as executive producers—and the non-Eon film Never Say Never Again, an updated remake of Thunderball, in 1983.A second remake, entitled Warhead 2000 A.D., was planned for production and release in the 1990s but was abandoned. In accordance with the terms of the 1963 settlement, the literary rights remained with Fleming, allowing the Spectre organization and associated characters to continue appearing in print.', 0.9949633, 1)
('In an interview published by Vogue in April 2013, Beyoncé was asked if she considers herself a feminist, to which she said, "that word can be very extreme... But I guess I am a modern-day feminist. I do believe in equality". She would later align herself more publicly with the movement, sampling "We should all be feminists", a speech delivered by Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie at a TEDxEuston conference in April 2013, in her song "Flawless", released later that year. She has also contributed to the Ban Bossy campaign, which uses television and social media to encourage leadership in girls.', 'In an interview published by Vogue in April 2013, Beyoncé was asked if she considered herself a feminist. Her response was: "that word can be very extreme... But I guess I am a modern-day feminist. I do believe in equality." Later, she publicly aligned herself with the movement, using the phrase "We should all be feminists" from a speech delivered by Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie at a TEDxEuston conference in April 2013, in her song "Flawless," which was released later that year. She also contributed to the Ban Bossy campaign, which uses television and social media to encourage leadership in girls.', 0.99497163, 1)
("The United States Census Bureau estimates that the population of Montana was 1,032,949 on July 1, 2015, a 4.40% increase since the 2010 United States Census. The 2010 census put Montana's population at 989,415 which is an increase of 43,534 people, or 4.40 percent, since 2010. During the first decade of the new century, growth was mainly concentrated in Montana's seven largest counties, with the highest percentage growth in Gallatin County, which saw a 32 percent increase in its population from 2000-2010. The city seeing the largest percentage growth was Kalispell with 40.1 percent, and the city with the largest increase in actual residents was Billings with an increase in population of 14,323 from 2000-2010.", " The United States Census Bureau estimated that the population of Montana was around 1,032,949 on July 1, 2015. This represents a 4.40% increase since the United States Census in 2010, when the population was estimated to be approximately 989,415, an increase of 43,534 people. In the first few decades of the new century, growth was primarily in Montana's seven largest counties, with the highest percentage growth in Gallatin County, which experienced a 32% population increase from 2000-2010. The city with the most significant percentage growth was Kalispell, with a 40.1% increase, and the city with the largest population increase was Billings, with a population growth of 14,323 from 2000-2010.", 0.99497205, 1)
('According to a National Geographic article, the novel is so revered in Monroeville that people quote lines from it like Scripture; yet Harper Lee herself refused to attend any performances, because "she abhors anything that trades on the book\'s fame". To underscore this sentiment, Lee demanded that a book of recipes named Calpurnia\'s Cookbook not be published and sold out of the Monroe County Heritage Museum. David Lister in The Independent states that Lee\'s refusal to speak to reporters made them desire to interview her all the more, and her silence "makes Bob Dylan look like a media tart". Despite her discouragement, a rising number of tourists made to Monroeville a destination, hoping to see Lee\'s inspiration for the book, or Lee herself. Local residents call them "Mockingbird groupies", and although Lee was not reclusive, she refused publicity and interviews with an emphatic "Hell, no!"', 'According to a National Geographic article, the novel is so highly regarded in Monroeville that people quote lines from it like scripture. However, Harper Lee herself refused to attend any performances, as she "abhors anything that trades on the book\'s fame." To further emphasize this sentiment, Lee demanded that a cookbook named "Calpurnia\'s Cookbook" not be published and sold at the Monroe County Heritage Museum. David Lister, in The Independent, states that Lee\'s refusal to speak to reporters made them want to interview her even more, and her silence "makes Bob Dylan look like a media tart." Despite her disapproval, an increasing number of tourists make Monroeville a destination, hoping to see the inspiration for the book or Lee herself. Local residents call them "Mockingbird groupies," and although Lee was not reclusive, she refused publicity and interviews with an emphatic "Hell, no!"', 0.9950522, 1)
('Many Portuguese holidays, festivals and traditions have a Christian origin or connotation. Although relations between the Portuguese state and the Roman Catholic Church were generally amiable and stable since the earliest years of the Portuguese nation, their relative power fluctuated. In the 13th and 14th centuries, the church enjoyed both riches and power stemming from its role in the reconquest, its close identification with early Portuguese nationalism and the foundation of the Portuguese educational system, including the first university. The growth of the Portuguese overseas empire made its missionaries important agents of colonization, with important roles in the education and evangelization of people from all the inhabited continents. The growth of liberal and nascent republican movements during the eras leading to the formation of the First Portuguese Republic (1910–26) changed the role and importance of organized religion.', ' Many Portuguese feast days, festivals, and traditions have a Christian origin or meaning. Although the relationship between the Portuguese state and the Roman-Catholic Church in general was friendly and stable since the earliest years of the Portuguese nation, their relative power fluctuated. In the 13th and 14th centuries, the church gained both wealth and power from its role in the reconquista, its proximity to early Portuguese nationalism, and the establishment of the Portuguese educational system, including the first university. The growth of the Portuguese overseas empire made its missions important agents of colonization, with significant roles in teaching and evangelizing people from all inhabited continents. The growth of liberal and nascent republican movements during the periods leading to the formation of the First Portuguese Republic (1910–26) changed the role and significance of organized religion.', 0.99505997, 1)
('The remaining band members recorded "Independent Women Part I", which appeared on the soundtrack to the 2000 film, Charlie\'s Angels. It became their best-charting single, topping the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart for eleven consecutive weeks. In early 2001, while Destiny\'s Child was completing their third album, Beyoncé landed a major role in the MTV made-for-television film, Carmen: A Hip Hopera, starring alongside American actor Mekhi Phifer. Set in Philadelphia, the film is a modern interpretation of the 19th century opera Carmen by French composer Georges Bizet. When the third album Survivor was released in May 2001, Luckett and Roberson filed a lawsuit claiming that the songs were aimed at them. The album debuted at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200, with first-week sales of 663,000 copies sold. The album spawned other number-one hits, "Bootylicious" and the title track, "Survivor", the latter of which earned the group a Grammy Award for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals. After releasing their holiday album 8 Days of Christmas in October 2001, the group announced a hiatus to further pursue solo careers.', ' [The remaining band members recorded "Independent Women Part I" for the Charlies Angels soundtrack, which became their best-charting single in the US, topping the Billboard Hot 100 for eleven weeks. In early 2001, while Destiny\'s Child was recording their third album, Beyoncé landed a major role in the MTV made-for-television film Carmen: A Hip Hopera, starring alongside American actor Mekhi Phifer. Set in Philadelphia, the film is a modern interpretation of the 19th century opera Carmen by French composer Georges Bizet. When Survivor, their third album, was released in May 2001, Luckett and Roberson filed a lawsuit claiming the songs were about them. The album debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200, selling 663,000 copies in the first week. The album produced other number-one hits, "Bootylicious" and the title track "Survivor," earning the group a Grammy Award for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals. After releasing their holiday album 8 Days of Christmas in October 2001, the group announced a hiatus to focus on solo careers.]', 0.995065, 1)
("The two became friends, and for many years lived in close proximity in Paris, Chopin at 38 Rue de la Chaussée-d'Antin, and Liszt at the Hôtel de France on the Rue Lafitte, a few blocks away. They performed together on seven occasions between 1833 and 1841. The first, on 2 April 1833, was at a benefit concert organized by Hector Berlioz for his bankrupt Shakespearean actress wife Harriet Smithson, during which they played George Onslow's Sonata in F minor for piano duet. Later joint appearances included a benefit concert for the Benevolent Association of Polish Ladies in Paris. Their last appearance together in public was for a charity concert conducted for the Beethoven Memorial in Bonn, held at the Salle Pleyel and the Paris Conservatory on 25 and 26 April 1841.", " The two became friends and lived in close proximity in Paris for many years. Chopin resided at 38 Rue de la Chaussée-dAntin, and Liszt at the Hôtel de France on the Rue Lafitte, a few blocks away. They performed together on seven occasions between 1833 and 1841. The first, on 2 April 1833, was at a benefit concert organized by Hector Berlioz for his bankrupt Shakespearean actress wife Harriet Smithson. They played George Onslow's Sonata in F minor for piano duet during this concert. Later joint appearances included a benefit concert for the Benevolent Association of Polish Ladies in Paris. Their last appearance together in public was for a charity concert conducted for the Beethoven Memorial in Bonn. This concert took place at the Salle Pleyel and the Paris Conservatory on 25 and 26 April 1841.", 0.9950672, 1)
('Portuguese is the official language of Portugal. Portuguese is a Romance language that originated in what is now Galicia and Northern Portugal, originating from Galician-Portuguese, which was the common language of the Galician and Portuguese people until the independence of Portugal. Particularly in the North of Portugal, there are still many similarities between the Galician culture and the Portuguese culture. Galicia is a consultative observer of the Community of Portuguese Language Countries. According to the Ethnologue of Languages, Portuguese and Spanish have a lexical similarity of 89% - educated speakers of each language can communicate easily with one another.', " Portuguese is the official language of Portugal. Portuguese is a Romance language that originated in what is now Galicia and Northern Portugal, originating from Galician-Portuguese, which was the common language of the Galician and Portuguese people until the independence of Portugal. In the north of Portugal, there are still many similarities between the Galician culture and the Portuguese culture. Galicia is an observing member of the Community of Portuguese Language Countries. According to Ethnologue of Languages, Portuguese and Spanish have a lexical similarity of 89% - educated speakers of each language can communicate easily with one another.Portuguese is the official language of Portugal. Portuguese is a Romance language that originated in what is now Galicia and Northern Portugal. It originated from Galician-Portuguese, which was the common language of the Galician and Portuguese people until Portugal's independence. In the northern part of Portugal, there are still many similarities between the Galician culture and the Portuguese culture. Galicia is an observing member of the Community of Portuguese Language Countries. According to Ethnologue of Languages, Portuguese and Spanish share a lexical similarity of 89%. This means that educated speakers of both languages can communicate effectively with one another.", 0.9950897, 1)
("In 2012, New York City had the lowest overall crime rate and the second lowest murder rate among the largest U.S. cities, having become significantly safer after a spike in crime in the 1970s through 1990s. Violent crime in New York City decreased more than 75% from 1993 to 2005, and continued decreasing during periods when the nation as a whole saw increases. By 2002, New York City's crime rate was similar to that of Provo, Utah, and was ranked 197th in crime among the 216 U.S. cities with populations greater than 100,000. In 2005 the homicide rate was at its lowest level since 1966, and in 2007 the city recorded fewer than 500 homicides for the first time ever since crime statistics were first published in 1963. In the first six months of 2010, 95.1% of all murder victims and 95.9% of all shooting victims in New York City were black or Hispanic; additionally, 90.2 percent of those arrested for murder and 96.7 percent of those arrested for shooting someone were black or Hispanic. New York experienced a record low of 328 homicides in 2014 and has a far lower murder rate than other major American cities.", " In 2012, New York City had the lowest overall crime rate and the second lowest murder rate among the largest American cities. New York City had become significantly safer since the 1970s through the 1990s due to a rise in crime. Violent crimes in New York City decreased by over 75% from 1993 to 2005, and continued to decrease during periods when the country as a whole saw increases. In 2002, New York City's crime rate was comparable to that of Provo, Utah, and ranked 197th in crime among the 216 American cities with a population over 100,000. In 2005, the murder rate reached its lowest point since 1966, and in 2007, there were fewer than 500 murders in the city for the first time since crime statistics were published in 1963. In the first six months of 2010, 95.1% of all murder victims and 95.9% of all shooting victims in New York City were black or Hispanic; additionally, 90.2% of those arrested for murder and 96.7% of those arrested for shooting were black or Hispanic. New York experienced a record low of 328 murders in 2014 and has a much lower murder rate than other large American cities.", 0.99512404, 1)
("Chopin's qualities as a pianist and composer were recognized by many of his fellow musicians. Schumann named a piece for him in his suite Carnaval, and Chopin later dedicated his Ballade No. 2 in F major to Schumann. Elements of Chopin's music can be traced in many of Liszt's later works. Liszt later transcribed for piano six of Chopin's Polish songs. A less fraught friendship was with Alkan, with whom he discussed elements of folk music, and who was deeply affected by Chopin's death.", " The qualities of Chopin as a pianist and composer were recognized by many of his musical peers. Schumann dedicated a piece to him in his suite Carnaval, and Chopin later dedicated his Ballade No. 2 in F major to Schumann. Traces of Chopin's music can be found in many of Liszt's later works. Liszt later transcribed six of Chopin's Polish songs for piano. A less complex friendship existed with Alkan, with whom he discussed elements of folk music, and who was deeply affected by Chopin's death.", 0.9951517, 1)
('One year after its publication To Kill a Mockingbird had been translated into ten languages. In the years since, it has sold more than 30 million copies and been translated into more than 40 languages. The novel has never been out of print in hardcover or paperback, and has become part of the standard literature curriculum. A 2008 survey of secondary books read by students between grades 9–12 in the U.S. indicates the novel is the most widely read book in these grades. A 1991 survey by the Book of the Month Club and the Library of Congress Center for the Book found that To Kill a Mockingbird was rated behind only the Bible in books that are "most often cited as making a difference".[note 1] It is considered by some to be the Great American Novel.', ' One year after its publication, To Kill a Mockingbird had been translated into ten languages. Since then, more than 30 million copies have been sold and it has been translated into over 40 languages. The novel has never been out of print in hardcover or paperback, and has become part of the standard literature curriculum. A 2008 survey of secondary school students in the U.S. between grades 9-12 indicated that the novel is the most widely read book in these grades. A 1991 survey by the Book of the Month Club and the Library of Congress Center for the Book found that To Kill a Mockingbird was cited behind only the Bible in books that make a difference. [Note 1: It is considered by some to be The Great American Novel.]', 0.99515605, 1)
('In 2001, Lee was inducted into the Alabama Academy of Honor. In the same year, Chicago mayor Richard M. Daley initiated a reading program throughout the city\'s libraries, and chose his favorite book, To Kill a Mockingbird, as the first title of the One City, One Book program. Lee declared that "there is no greater honor the novel could receive". By 2004, the novel had been chosen by 25 communities for variations of the citywide reading program, more than any other novel. David Kipen of the National Endowment of the Arts, who supervised The Big Read, states "people just seem to connect with it. It dredges up things in their own lives, their interactions across racial lines, legal encounters, and childhood. It\'s just this skeleton key to so many different parts of people\'s lives, and they cherish it."', '[In 2001, Lee was admitted to the Alabama Academy of Honor. In the same year, Mayor Richard M. Daley of Chicago initiated a reading program through the city libraries, and chose his favorite book, To Kill a Mockingbird, as the first title of the One City, One Book-program. Lee stated that "there is no greater honor for the book." By 2004, the book had been chosen by 25 communities for variations of the city-based reading program, more than any other book. David Kipen of the National Endowment of Arts, who oversaw The Big Read, said "people seem to connect with it in a simple way. It evokes things in their own lives, their racial interactions, legal encounters, and childhood. It is just a key to so many different parts of people\'s lives, and they love it."].', 0.99517465, 1)
("Russian border troops were stationed along the Tajik–Afghan border until summer 2005. Since the September 11, 2001 attacks, French troops have been stationed at the Dushanbe Airport in support of air operations of NATO's International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan. United States Army and Marine Corps personnel periodically visit Tajikistan to conduct joint training missions of up to several weeks duration. The Government of India rebuilt the Ayni Air Base, a military airport located 15 km southwest of Dushanbe, at a cost of $70 million, completing the repairs in September 2010. It is now the main base of the Tajikistan air force. There have been talks with Russia concerning use of the Ayni facility, and Russia continues to maintain a large base on the outskirts of Dushanbe.", " Russian border troops were stationed along the Tajik-Afghan border until summer 2005. Since the September 11, 2001 attacks, French troops have been stationed at Dushanbe Airport to support NATO's International Security Assistance Force air operations in Afghanistan. US Army and Marine Corps personnel conduct joint training missions of several weeks duration in Tajikistan periodically. The Government of India rebuilt Ayni Air Base, a military airport located 15 km southwest of Dushanbe, at a cost of $70 million, completing the repairs in September 2010. It is now the main base of the Tajikistan air force. Discussions have taken place with Russia concerning the use of the Ayni facility, and Russia continues to operate a large base on the outskirts of Dushanbe.", 0.995184, 1)
('Details of school casualties had been under non-governmental investigation since December 2008 by volunteers including artist and architect Ai Weiwei, who had been constantly posting updates on his blog since March 2009. The official tally of students killed in the earthquake was not released until May 7, 2009, almost a year after the earthquake. According to the state-run Xinhua news agency, the earthquake killed 5,335 students and left another 546 children disabled. In the aftermath of the earthquake, the Chinese government declared that parents who had lost their only children would get free treatment from fertility clinics to reverse vasectomies and tubal ligations conducted by family planning authorities.', ' Since December 2008, volunteers including artist and architect Ai Weiwei have been investigating details of school casualties. They had been regularly updating their blog since March 2009. The official tally of students killed in the earthquake was not released until May 7, 2009, almost a year after the earthquake. According to the state-run Xinhua news agency, the earthquake killed 5,335 students and left another 546 children disabled. In the aftermath of the earthquake, the Chinese government declared that parents who had lost their only children would receive free treatment from fertility clinics to reverse vasectomies and tubal ligations conducted by family planning authorities.', 0.99520767, 1)
('Besides parents, Liu Shaokun (刘绍坤), a Sichuan school teacher, was detained on June 25, 2008 for "disseminating rumors and destroying social order" about the Sichuan earthquake. Liu’s family was later told that he was being investigated on suspicion of the crime of inciting subversion. Liu had travelled to the Shifang, taken photos of collapsed school buildings, and put them online. He had also expressed his anger at “the shoddy tofu-dregs buildings” (豆腐渣工程) in a media interview. He was ordered to serve one year of re-education through labor (RTL). According to the organization Human Rights in China, Liu has been released to serve his RTL sentence outside of the labor camp.', ' Besides parents, Liu Shaokun (刘绍坤), a teacher from Sichuan, was detained on June 25, 2008 for "spreading rumors and disrupting social order" regarding the Sichuan earthquake. Liu\'s family was later informed that he was being investigated on suspicion of the crime of inciting subversion. Liu had traveled to Shifang, taken photos of collapsed school buildings, and posted them online. He had also expressed his anger at “the shoddy tofu-dregs buildings” (豆腐渣工程) in a media interview. He was sentenced to serve one year of re-education through labor (RTL). According to the organization Human Rights in China, Liu has been released to serve his RTL sentence outside of the labor camp.Note: In this translation, I assumed that "re-education through labor" is translated as "arbeidstherapie" in Dutch, as it is a common term used in China and other countries with similar systems. If this is not the case, please let me know and I will correct the translation accordingly.', 0.995209, 1)
('Initially, officials were unable to contact the Wolong National Nature Reserve, home to around 280 giant pandas. However, the Foreign Ministry later said that a group of 31 British tourists visiting the Wolong Panda Reserve in the quake-hit area returned safe and uninjured to Chengdu. Nonetheless, the well-being of an even greater number of pandas in the neighbouring panda reserves remained unknown. Five security guards at the reserve were killed by the earthquake. Six pandas escaped after their enclosures were damaged. By May 20, two pandas at the reserve were found to be injured, while the search continued for another two adult pandas that went missing after the quake. By May 28, 2008, one panda was still missing. The missing panda was later found dead under the rubble of an enclosure. Nine-year-old Mao Mao, a mother of five at the breeding center, was discovered on Monday, her body crushed by a wall in her enclosure. Panda keepers and other workers placed her remains in a small wooden crate and buried her outside the breeding centre.', ' Initially, officials could not reach the Wolong National Nature Reserve, home to approximately 280 giant pandas. However, the Foreign Ministry later reported that a group of 31 British tourists who had been visiting the Wolong Panda Reserve in the quake-affected area had safely and unharmed returned to Chengdu. Nevertheless, the condition of a much larger number of pandas in the neighboring panda reserves remained unknown. Five security guards at the reserve were killed by the earthquake. Six pandas had escaped after their enclosures were damaged. By May 20, 2008, two pandas at the reserve had been found to be injured, while the search continued for another two adult pandas that had gone missing after the quake. One panda was still missing on May 28, 2008. The missing panda was later found dead under the rubble of an enclosure. Nine-year-old Mao Mao, a mother of five at the breeding center, was discovered on Monday, her body crushed by a wall in her enclosure. Panda keepers and other workers placed her remains in a small wooden crate and buried her outside the breeding centre.', 0.99521506, 1)
('Solar cookers use sunlight for cooking, drying and pasteurization. They can be grouped into three broad categories: box cookers, panel cookers and reflector cookers. The simplest solar cooker is the box cooker first built by Horace de Saussure in 1767. A basic box cooker consists of an insulated container with a transparent lid. It can be used effectively with partially overcast skies and will typically reach temperatures of 90–150 °C (194–302 °F). Panel cookers use a reflective panel to direct sunlight onto an insulated container and reach temperatures comparable to box cookers. Reflector cookers use various concentrating geometries (dish, trough, Fresnel mirrors) to focus light on a cooking container. These cookers reach temperatures of 315 °C (599 °F) and above but require direct light to function properly and must be repositioned to track the Sun.', ' Solar cookers make use of sunlight for cooking, drying and pasteurization. They can be classified into three primary types: box cookers, panel cookers and reflector cookers. The simplest solar cooker is the box cooker, which was first built by Horace de Saussure in 1767. A basic box cooker consists of an insulated container with a transparent lid. It operates effectively under partially overcast skies and typically reaches temperatures between 90-150 °C (194-302 °F). Panel cookers utilize a reflective panel to direct sunlight onto an insulated container and generate temperatures comparable to box cookers. Reflector cookers employ various concentrating geometries (dishes, troughs, Fresnel mirrors) to focus light onto a cooking container. These cookers attain temperatures of 315 °C (599 °F) and above, but they require direct sunlight to function optimally and need to be repositioned to track the Sun.', 0.99523854, 1)
('Official figures (as of July 21, 2008 12:00 CST) stated that 69,197 were confirmed dead, including 68,636 in Sichuan province, and 374,176 injured, with 18,222 listed as missing. The earthquake left about 4.8 million people homeless, though the number could be as high as 11 million. Approximately 15 million people lived in the affected area. It was the deadliest earthquake to hit China since the 1976 Tangshan earthquake, which killed at least 240,000 people, and the strongest in the country since the 1950 Chayu earthquake, which registered at 8.5 on the Richter magnitude scale. It is the 21st deadliest earthquake of all time. On November 6, 2008, the central government announced that it would spend 1 trillion RMB (about US $146.5 billion) over the next three years to rebuild areas ravaged by the earthquake, as part of the Chinese economic stimulus program.', 'According to official figures (as of July 21, 2008 12:00 CST), there were 69,197 confirmed deaths. Of those, 68,636 occurred in Sichuan province and 374,176 people were injured. A total of 18,222 individuals were listed as missing. The earthquake left approximately 4.8 million people homeless, with the number potentially reaching as high as 11 million. About 15 million people lived in the affected area. It was the deadliest earthquake to hit China since the 1976 Tangshan earthquake, which claimed at least 240,000 lives, and the strongest in the country since the 1950 Chayu earthquake, which registered at 8.5 on the Richter magnitude scale. It is the 21st deadliest earthquake of all time. On November 6, 2008, the central government announced that it would spend 1 trillion RMB (about US $146.5 billion) over the next three years to rebuild areas devastated by the earthquake, as part of the Chinese economic stimulus program.', 0.99534243, 1)
("Fryderyk's father, Nicolas Chopin, was a Frenchman from Lorraine who had emigrated to Poland in 1787 at the age of sixteen. Nicolas tutored children of the Polish aristocracy, and in 1806 married Justyna Krzyżanowska, a poor relative of the Skarbeks, one of the families for whom he worked. Fryderyk was baptized on Easter Sunday, 23 April 1810, in the same church where his parents had married, in Brochów. His eighteen-year-old godfather, for whom he was named, was Fryderyk Skarbek, a pupil of Nicolas Chopin. Fryderyk was the couple's second child and only son; he had an elder sister, Ludwika (1807–55), and two younger sisters, Izabela (1811–81) and Emilia (1812–27). Nicolas was devoted to his adopted homeland, and insisted on the use of the Polish language in the household.", "Fryderyk Chopin's father, Nicolas Chopin, was a Frenchman from Lorraine who came to Poland in 1787 when he was sixteen years old. Nicolas taught children from the Polish aristocracy, and in 1806, he married Justyna Krzyżanowska, a poor relative of the Skarbeks, one of the families for whom he worked. Fryderyk was baptized on Palm Sunday, 23 April 1810, in the same church where his parents were married, in Brochów. His eighteen-year-old godfather, for whom he was named, was Fryderyk Skarbek, a pupil of Nicolas Chopin. Fryderyk was the second child and only son of the couple; he had an older sister, Ludwika (1807–55), and two younger sisters, Izabela (1811–81) and Emilia (1812–27). Nicolas was devoted to his adopted country, and demanded the use of the Polish language in the household.", 0.9953642, 1)
("In the United States and Canada, the film opened on 6 November 2015, and in its opening weekend, was originally projected to gross $70–75 million from 3,927 screens, the widest release for a Bond film. However, after grossing $5.25 million from its early Thursday night showings and $28 million on its opening day, weekend projections were increased to $75–80 million. The film ended up grossing $70.4 million in its opening weekend (about $20 million less than Skyfall's $90.6 million debut, including IMAX previews), but nevertheless finished first at the box office. IMAX generated $9.1 million for Spectre at 374 screens, premium large format made $8 million from 429 cinemas, reaping 11% of the film's opening, which means that Spectre earned $17.1 million (23%) of its opening weekend total in large-format venues. Cinemark XD generated $1.85 million in 112 XD locations.", " In the United States and Canada, the film opened on 6 November 2015. It was initially projected to earn between $70–75 million from 3,927 screens, which is the widest release for a Bond film. However, after earning $5.25 million from its early Thursday night showings and $28 million on its opening day, weekend projections were increased to $75–80 million. The film ended up earning $70.4 million in its opening weekend, which is around $20 million less than Skyfall's $90.6 million debut, including IMAX previews. Nevertheless, it finished first at the box office. IMAX generated $9.1 million for Spectre at 374 screens. Premium large format earned $8 million from 429 cinemas, accounting for 11% of the film's opening, meaning that Spectre earned $17.1 million (23%) of its opening weekend total in large-format venues. Cinemark XD earned $1.85 million in 112 XD locations.Translation: In the United States and Canada, the film opened on November 6, 2015. It was projected to earn between $70–75 million from 3,927 screens, the most extensive release for a Bond film. However, after earning $5.25 million from its Thursday night previews and $28 million on its opening day, weekend projections were revised to $75–80 million. The film earned $70.4 million in its opening weekend, which is approximately $20 million less than Skyfall's $90.6 million debut, including IMAX previews. Despite this, it still topped the box office. IMAX earned $9.1 million from 374 screens. Premium large format earned $8 million from 429 cinemas, contributing 11% of the film's opening, meaning that Spectre earned $17.1 million (23%) of its opening weekend total in large-format theaters. Cinemark XD earned $1.85 million from 112 XD locations.", 0.9953964, 1)
('Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, anchoring Lincoln Square on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, is home to numerous influential arts organizations, including the Metropolitan Opera, New York City Opera, New York Philharmonic, and New York City Ballet, as well as the Vivian Beaumont Theater, the Juilliard School, Jazz at Lincoln Center, and Alice Tully Hall. The Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute is in Union Square, and Tisch School of the Arts is based at New York University, while Central Park SummerStage presents performances of free plays and music in Central Park.', ' Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts, the anchor of Lincoln Square on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, is home to numerous influential arts organizations, such as the Metropolitan Opera, New York City Opera, New York Philharmonic, New York City Ballet, Vivian Beaumont Theater, Juilliard School, Jazz at Lincoln Center, and Alice Tully Hall. The Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute is located in Union Square, and Tisch School of the Arts is based at New York University. Central Park SummerStage presents free performances of plays and music in Central Park.', 0.9954193, 1)
('Gateway National Recreation Area contains over 26,000 acres (10,521.83 ha) in total, most of it surrounded by New York City, including the Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge in Brooklyn and Queens, over 9,000 acres (36 km2) of salt marsh, islands, and water, including most of Jamaica Bay. Also in Queens, the park includes a significant portion of the western Rockaway Peninsula, most notably Jacob Riis Park and Fort Tilden. In Staten Island, the park includes Fort Wadsworth, with historic pre-Civil War era Battery Weed and Fort Tompkins, and Great Kills Park, with beaches, trails, and a marina.', ' Gateway National Recreation Area covers a total of over 26,000 acres (10,521.83 ha). Most of this area is surrounded by New York City. It includes Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge in Brooklyn and Queens, over 9,000 acres (36 km2) of salt marshes, islands, and water, most of which is Jamaica Bay. In Queens, the park also includes a significant portion of the western Rockaway Peninsula, notably Jacob Riis Park and Fort Tilden. In Staten Island, the park includes Fort Wadsworth, with historic pre-Civil War era Battery Weed and Fort Tompkins, and Great Kills Park, with beaches, trails, and a marina.', 0.99545616, 1)
('Filming temporarily returned to England to shoot scenes at Blenheim Palace in Oxfordshire, which stood in for a location in Rome, before moving on to the city itself for a five-week shoot across the city, with locations including the Ponte Sisto bridge and the Roman Forum. The production faced opposition from a variety of special interest groups and city authorities, who were concerned about the potential for damage to historical sites around the city, and problems with graffiti and rubbish appearing in the film. A car chase scene set along the banks of the Tiber River and through the streets of Rome featured an Aston Martin DB10 and a Jaguar C-X75. The C-X75 was originally developed as a hybrid electric vehicle with four independent electric engines powered by two jet turbines, before the project was cancelled. The version used for filming was converted to use a conventional internal combustion engine, to minimise the potential for disruption from mechanical problems with the complex hybrid system. The C-X75s used for filming were developed by the engineering division of Formula One racing team Williams, who built the original C-X75 prototype for Jaguar.', ' Filming temporarily returned to England to shoot scenes at Blenheim Palace in Oxfordshire, which stood in for a location in Rome. After that, the production moved on to Rome itself for a five-week shoot across the city. Locations included the Ponte Sisto bridge and the Roman Forum. The production faced opposition from various special interest groups and city authorities, who had concerns about potential damage to historical sites around the city and problems with graffiti and rubbish appearing in the film. A car chase scene along the banks of the Tiber River and through the streets of Rome featured an Aston Martin DB10 and a Jaguar C-X75. The C-X75 was originally developed as a hybrid electric vehicle with four independent electric engines powered by two jet turbines, but the project was cancelled before completion. The version used for filming was converted to use a conventional internal combustion engine, to minimize the potential for disruption from mechanical problems with the complex hybrid system. The C-X75s used for filming were developed by the engineering division of Formula One racing team Williams, who built the original C-X75 prototype for Jaguar.', 0.9954562, 1)
("By the early 1970s Portugal's fast economic growth with increasing consumption and purchase of new automobiles set the priority for improvements in transportation. Again in the 1990s, after joining the European Economic Community, the country built many new motorways. Today, the country has a 68,732 km (42,708 mi) road network, of which almost 3,000 km (1,864 mi) are part of system of 44 motorways. Opened in 1944, the first motorway (which linked Lisbon to the National Stadium) was an innovative project that made Portugal among one of the first countries in the world to establish a motorway (this roadway eventually became the Lisbon-Cascais highway, or A5). But, although a few other tracts were created (around 1960 and 1970), it was only after the beginning of the 1980s that large-scale motorway construction was implemented. In 1972, Brisa, the highway concessionaire, was founded to handle the management of many of the regions motorways. On many highways, toll needs to be paid, see Via Verde. Vasco da Gama bridge is the longest bridge in Europe.", " From around 1970, Portugal's fast economic growth with increasing consumption and purchase of new automobiles set the priority for transportation improvements. Once again in the 1990s, after joining the European Economic Community, the country built many new motorways. Today, Portugal has a road network of 68,732 km (42,708 mi), of which nearly 3,000 km (1,864 mi) are part of the 44-motorway system. In 1944, Portugal's first motorway (which linked Lisbon to the National Stadium) was an innovative project that made Portugal one of the first countries in the world to establish a motorway (this roadway eventually became the Lisbon-Cascais highway, or A5). However, only a few other tracts were created (around 1960 and 1970). Large-scale motorway construction was not implemented until the beginning of the 1980s. In 1972, Brisa, the highway concessionaire, was founded to manage many of the region's motorways. Tolls need to be paid on many highways, see Via Verde. Vasco da Gama bridge is the longest bridge in Europe.", 0.9954562, 1)
("In 1904, the steamship General Slocum caught fire in the East River, killing 1,021 people on board. In 1911, the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire, the city's worst industrial disaster, took the lives of 146 garment workers and spurred the growth of the International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union and major improvements in factory safety standards.", ' In 1904, the steamship General Slocum caught fire in the East River, resulting in the deaths of 1,021 people on board. In 1911, the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire, the worst industrial disaster in the city, claimed the lives of 146 garment workers and led to the growth of the International Ladies Garment Workers Union and significant improvements in factory safety standards.', 0.99546987, 1)
('In January 2010, Hong Kong-based English newspaper The Standard reported that writer Tan Zuoren attempted to document shoddy construction that may have led to massive casualties in schools, was sentenced to in prison ostensibly for his writing an article in 2007 in support of the pro-democracy movement in 1989.', ' In January 2010, the Hong Kong-based English newspaper The Standard reported that writer Tan Zuoren, who tried to expose shoddy construction that may have led to massive casualties in schools, was sentenced to prison allegedly for writing an article in 2007 in support of the pro-democracy movement in 1989.', 0.99547076, 1)
('The earthquake had a magnitude of 8.0 Ms and 7.9 Mw. The epicenter was in Wenchuan County, Ngawa Tibetan and Qiang Autonomous Prefecture, 80 km west/northwest of the provincial capital of Chengdu, with its main tremor occurring at 14:28:01.42 China Standard Time (06:28:01.42 UTC), on May 12, 2008 lasting for around 2 minutes, in the quake almost 80% of buildings were destroyed.', ' The earthquake had a magnitude of 8.0 Ms and 7.9 Mw. The epicenter was located in Wenchuan County, Ngawa Tibetan and Qiang Autonomous Prefecture, 80 km west/northwest of the provincial capital of Chengdu. The main tremor occurred at 14:28:01.42 China Standard Time (06:28:01.42 UTC), on May 12, 2008, and lasted for approximately 2 minutes. Nearly 80% of the buildings were destroyed in the quake.', 0.99547416, 1)
('Beyoncé participated in George Clooney and Wyclef Jean\'s Hope for Haiti Now: A Global Benefit for Earthquake Relief telethon and was named the official face of the limited edition CFDA "Fashion For Haiti" T-shirt, made by Theory which raised a total of $1 million. On March 5, 2010, Beyoncé and her mother Tina opened the Beyoncé Cosmetology Center at the Brooklyn Phoenix House, offering a seven-month cosmetology training course for men and women. In April 2011, Beyoncé joined forces with US First Lady Michelle Obama and the National Association of Broadcasters Education Foundation, to help boost the latter\'s campaign against child obesity by reworking her single "Get Me Bodied". Following the death of Osama bin Laden, Beyoncé released her cover of the Lee Greenwood song "God Bless the USA", as a charity single to help raise funds for the New York Police and Fire Widows\' and Children\'s Benefit Fund.', ' Beyoncé participated in the telethon program Hope for Haiti Now: A global relief effort for Haiti earthquake aid initiated by George Clooney and Wyclef Jean, and became the face of the limited edition CFDA "Fashion for Haiti" T-shirt by Theory, raising a total of $1 million. On March 5, 2010, Beyoncé and her mother Tina opened the Beyoncé Cosmetology School in the Brooklyn Phoenix House, offering a seven-month cosmetology training for men and women. In April 2011, Beyoncé joined Michelle Obama, the First Lady of the United States, and the National Association of Broadcasters Education Foundation, supporting their campaign against child obesity by rereleasing her single "Get Me Bodied." After the death of Osama bin Laden, Beyoncé released her cover of the Lee Greenwood song "God Bless the USA" as a charity single to raise funds for the New York Police and Fire Widows and Childrens Benefit Fund.', 0.9954852, 1)
('Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I. Jenkins, C.S.C., the 17th president of the university. Jenkins took over the position from Malloy on July 1, 2005. In his inaugural address, Jenkins described his goals of making the university a leader in research that recognizes ethics and building the connection between faith and studies. During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, enlarged its student body, and undergone many construction projects on campus, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture hall, additional residence halls, and the Campus Crossroads, a $400m enhancement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium.', ' Since 2005, Notre Dame has been led by John I. Jenkins, C.S.C., as its 17th president. Jenkins took over from Malloy on July 1, 2005. In his inaugural speech, Jenkins outlined his goals to give the university a leading role in research that acknowledges ethics and to build the relationship between faith and studies. During his tenure, Notre Dame has increased its endowment, expanded the student body, and undergone many campus construction projects, including Compton Family Ice Arena, a new architecture building, additional student housing, and Campus Crossroads, a $400m improvement and expansion of Notre Dame Stadium.', 0.9954948, 1)
("Beyoncé's music is generally R&B, but she also incorporates pop, soul and funk into her songs. 4 demonstrated Beyoncé's exploration of 90s-style R&B, as well as further use of soul and hip hop than compared to previous releases. While she almost exclusively releases English songs, Beyoncé recorded several Spanish songs for Irreemplazable (re-recordings of songs from B'Day for a Spanish-language audience), and the re-release of B'Day. To record these, Beyoncé was coached phonetically by American record producer Rudy Perez.", ' Beyoncé\'s music is generally R&B, but she also incorporates pop, soul and funk into her songs. "4" showcased Beyoncé\'s exploration of 90s-style R&B, as well as further use of soul and hip hop than compared to previous releases. While she mainly releases English songs, Beyoncé recorded several Spanish songs for Irreemplazable (re-recordings of songs from BDay for a Spanish-speaking audience), and the re-release of BDay. To record these, Beyoncé was phonetically coached by American record producer Rudy Perez.', 0.99549556, 1)
('The emergence of resistance of bacteria to antibiotics is a common phenomenon. Emergence of resistance often reflects evolutionary processes that take place during antibiotic therapy. The antibiotic treatment may select for bacterial strains with physiologically or genetically enhanced capacity to survive high doses of antibiotics. Under certain conditions, it may result in preferential growth of resistant bacteria, while growth of susceptible bacteria is inhibited by the drug. For example, antibacterial selection for strains having previously acquired antibacterial-resistance genes was demonstrated in 1943 by the Luria–Delbrück experiment. Antibiotics such as penicillin and erythromycin, which used to have a high efficacy against many bacterial species and strains, have become less effective, due to the increased resistance of many bacterial strains.', 'The emergence of bacterial resistance to antibiotics is a common phenomenon. The emergence of resistance often reflects evolutionary processes that occur during antibiotic therapy. Antibiotic treatment can select for bacterial strains with physiological or genetic improved capacity to survive high doses of antibiotics. Under certain conditions, this can lead to the preferential growth of resistance bacteria, while the growth of sensitive bacteria is inhibited by the drug. For example, antibacterial selection for strains with previously acquired antibacterial resistance genes was demonstrated in 1943 by the Luria-Delbrück experiment. Antibiotics such as penicillin and erythromycin, which once had a high effectiveness against many bacterial species and strains, have become less effective due to the increased resistance of many bacterial strains.', 0.9954985, 1)
('During the late 19th Century the Jadidists established themselves as an Islamic social movement throughout the region. Although the Jadidists were pro-modernization and not necessarily anti-Russian the Russians viewed the movement as a threat.[citation needed] Russian troops were required to restore order during uprisings against the Khanate of Kokand between 1910 and 1913. Further violence occurred in July 1916 when demonstrators attacked Russian soldiers in Khujand over the threat of forced conscription during World War I. Despite Russian troops quickly bringing Khujand back under control, clashes continued throughout the year in various locations in Tajikistan.[citation needed]', ' During the late 19th Century, the Jadidists established themselves as an Islamic social movement throughout the region. The Jadidists were pro-modernization and not necessarily anti-Russian, but the Russians considered the movement a threat. Russian troops were required to restore order during uprisings against the Khanate of Kokand between 1910 and 1913. Furthermore, violence occurred in July 1916 when demonstrators attacked Russian soldiers in Khujand due to the threat of conscription during World War I. Despite Russian troops quickly bringing Khujand back under control, clashes continued throughout the year in various locations in Tajikistan.', 0.99550605, 1)
("New York City traces its roots to its 1624 founding as a trading post by colonists of the Dutch Republic and was named New Amsterdam in 1626. The city and its surroundings came under English control in 1664. New York served as the capital of the United States from 1785 until 1790. It has been the country's largest city since 1790. The Statue of Liberty greeted millions of immigrants as they came to the Americas by ship in the late 19th and early 20th centuries and is a globally recognized symbol of the United States and its democracy.", " New York City goes back to its roots in its 1624 founding as a Dutch trading post, named New Amsterdam in 1626. The city and its surroundings came under English control in 1664. New York served as the capital of the United States from 1785 until 1790. It has been the country's largest city since 1790. The Statue of Liberty greeted millions of immigrants as they came to the Americas by ship in the late 19th and early 20th centuries and is a globally recognized symbol of the United States and its democracy.", 0.9955084, 1)
('In 1924, the Tajik Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was created as a part of Uzbekistan, but in 1929 the Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic (Tajik SSR) was made a separate constituent republic, however the predominantly ethnic Tajik cities of Samarkand and Bukhara remained in the Uzbek SSR. Between 1927 and 1934, collectivization of agriculture and a rapid expansion of cotton production took place, especially in the southern region. Soviet collectivization policy brought violence against peasants and forced resettlement occurred throughout Tajikistan. Consequently, some peasants fought collectivization and revived the Basmachi movement. Some small scale industrial development also occurred during this time along with the expansion of irrigation infrastructure.', ' In 1924, the Tajik Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was established as part of Uzbekistan. However, in 1929, the Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic (Tajik SSR) became a separate constituent republic. Nevertheless, the predominantly ethnic Tajik cities of Samarkand and Bukhara remained in the Uzbek SSR. Between 1927 and 1934, collectivization of agriculture and a rapid expansion of cotton production took place, particularly in the southern region. The Soviet collectivization policy brought violence against peasants, resulting in forced resettlement throughout Tajikistan. Consequently, some peasants resisted collectivization and revived the Basmachi movement. Additionally, some small scale industrial development occurred during this time along with the expansion of irrigation infrastructure.', 0.99551845, 1)
("Many of the world's largest media conglomerates are also based in the city. Manhattan contained over 500 million square feet (46.5 million m2) of office space in 2015, making it the largest office market in the United States, while Midtown Manhattan, with nearly 400 million square feet (37.2 million m2) in 2015, is the largest central business district in the world.", " [Many of the world's largest media conglomerates are based in the city. Manhattan had over 500 million square feet (46.5 million m2) of office space in 2015, making it the largest office market in the United States. Midtown Manhattan, with nearly 400 million square feet (37.2 million m2) in 2015, was the largest central business district in the world.]Translation: [Many of the world's largest media conglomerates are based in the city. Manhattan had over 500,000,000 square feet (46,500,000 m2) of office space in 2015, making it the largest office market in the United States. Midtown Manhattan, with nearly 400,000,000 square feet (37,200,000 m2) in 2015, was the largest central business district in the world.]", 0.9955473, 1)
('Public transport is essential in New York City. 54.6% of New Yorkers commuted to work in 2005 using mass transit. This is in contrast to the rest of the United States, where about 90% of commuters drive automobiles to their workplace. According to the US Census Bureau, New York City residents spend an average of 38.4 minutes a day getting to work, the longest commute time in the nation among large cities. New York is the only US city in which a majority (52%) of households do not have a car; only 22% of Manhattanites own a car. Due to their high usage of mass transit, New Yorkers spend less of their household income on transportation than the national average, saving $19 billion annually on transportation compared to other urban Americans.', ' Public transport is essential in New York City. In 2005, 54.6% of New Yorkers used public transport to commute to work. In contrast, approximately 90% of commuters in the rest of the United States drove automobiles to their workplace. According to the US Census Bureau, New York City residents spent an average of 38.4 minutes a day getting to work, the longest commute time in the nation among large cities. New York is the only US city in which more than half (52%) of households do not have a car; only 22% of Manhattanites own a car. Due to their high usage of public transport, New Yorkers spend less of their household income on transportation than the national average, saving $19 billion annually on transportation compared to other urban Americans.', 0.99555874, 1)
("The land within the borders of current Portugal has been continuously settled and fought over since prehistoric times. The Celts and the Romans were followed by the Visigothic and the Suebi Germanic peoples, who were themselves later invaded by the Moors. These Muslim peoples were eventually expelled during the Christian Reconquista of the peninsula. By 1139, Portugal had established itself as a kingdom independent from León. In the 15th and 16th centuries, as the result of pioneering the Age of Discovery, Portugal expanded Western influence and established the first global empire, becoming one of the world's major economic, political and military powers.", " The land within the current borders of Portugal has been continuously inhabited and fought over since prehistoric times. The Celts and the Romans were followed by the Visigothic and Suebi Germanic peoples, who themselves were later invaded by the Moors. These Muslim peoples were eventually expelled during the Christian Reconquista of the peninsula. By 1139, Portugal had established itself as an independent kingdom from León. In the 15th and 16th centuries, Portugal pioneered the Age of Discovery and expanded Western influence, establishing the first global empire, becoming one of the world's major economic, political and military powers.", 0.9955621, 1)
('Both the archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira have a subtropical climate, although variations between islands exist, making weather predictions very difficult (owing to rough topography). The Madeira and Azorean archipelagos have a narrower temperature range, with annual average temperatures exceeding 20 °C (68 °F) along the coast (according to the Portuguese Meteorological Institute). Some islands in Azores do have drier months in the summer. Consequently, the island of the Azores have been identified as having a Mediterranean climate (both Csa and Csb types), while some islands (such as Flores or Corvo) are classified as Maritime Temperate (Cfb) and Humid subtropical (Cfa), respectively, according to Köppen-Geiger classification.', 'Both the Azores and Madeira archipelagos have a subtropical climate, although there are variations between islands, making weather forecasts very difficult due to rugged topography. The Madeira and Azorean archipelagos have a narrower temperature range, with annual average temperatures exceeding 20 °C (68 °F) along the coast, according to the Portuguese Meteorological Institute. Some islands in the Azores do have drier months in the summer. Consequently, the islands of the Azores have been identified as having a Mediterranean climate (both Csa and Csb types), while some islands (such as Flores or Corvo) are classified as Maritime Temperate (Cfb) and Humid subtropical (Cfa), respectively, according to Köppen-Geiger classification.', 0.99557585, 1)
('In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U.S. News & World Report\'s Best Colleges 2016. In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual. Forbes.com\'s America\'s Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest. U.S. News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall. BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall. It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall. The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame\'s graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally. Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57.6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries. According to payscale.com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States. The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group.', ' In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States according to U.S. News & World Reports Best Colleges 2016. In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities, based on data from College Factual. Forbes.com ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest. U.S. News & World Report also ranks Notre Dame Law School 22nd overall. The undergraduate program of Mendoza College of Business ranks 1st overall. The MBA program ranks 20th overall. The graduate philosophy program of Notre Dame ranks 15th nationally according to The Philosophical Gourmet Report. ARCHITECT Magazine ranks the architecture program of Notre Dame 12th nationally. Furthermore, the study abroad program ranks 6th in the highest participant percentage in the country, with 57.6% of students studying in 17 countries. According to payscale.com, graduates of the University of Notre Dame have a median career income of $110,000, which is the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States. The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group.', 0.995577, 1)
('In 2011, documents obtained by WikiLeaks revealed that Beyoncé was one of many entertainers who performed for the family of Libyan ruler Muammar Gaddafi. Rolling Stone reported that the music industry was urging them to return the money they earned for the concerts; a spokesperson for Beyoncé later confirmed to The Huffington Post that she donated the money to the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund. Later that year she became the first solo female artist to headline the main Pyramid stage at the 2011 Glastonbury Festival in over twenty years, and was named the highest-paid performer in the world per minute.', ' In 2011, WikiLeaks documents revealed that Beyoncé was one of many artists who performed for the family of Libyan ruler Muammar Gaddafi. Rolling Stone reported that the music industry encouraged them to return their earnings from the concerts; a spokesperson for Beyoncé later confirmed to The Huffington Post that she donated the money to the Clinton Bush Haiti Initiative. Later that year, she became the first solo female artist to headline the Pyramid stage at Glastonbury Festival in over twenty years, and was named the highest-paid artist in the world per minute.', 0.9955931, 1)
('BMW released the first iPod automobile interface, allowing drivers of newer BMW vehicles to control an iPod using either the built-in steering wheel controls or the radio head-unit buttons. Apple announced in 2005 that similar systems would be available for other vehicle brands, including Mercedes-Benz, Volvo, Nissan, Toyota, Alfa Romeo, Ferrari, Acura, Audi, Honda, Renault, Infiniti and Volkswagen. Scion offers standard iPod connectivity on all their cars.', ' BMW has released the first iPod interface for vehicles, allowing drivers of newer BMW cars to control their iPods through the built-in steering wheel control buttons or radio head unit buttons. Apple announced in 2005 that such systems would be available for other car brands, including Mercedes-Benz, Volvo, Nissan, Toyota, Alfa Romeo, Ferrari, Acura, Audi, Honda, Renault, Infiniti, and Volkswagen. Scion offers a standard iPod connection on all their cars.', 0.99562734, 1)
("Agriculture in Portugal is based on small to medium-sized family-owned dispersed units. However, the sector also includes larger scale intensive farming export-oriented agrobusinesses backed by companies (like Grupo RAR's Vitacress, Sovena, Lactogal, Vale da Rosa, Companhia das Lezírias and Valouro). The country produces a wide variety of crops and livestock products, including tomatoes, citrus, green vegetables, rice, corn, barley, olives, oilseeds, nuts, cherries, bilberry, table grapes, edible mushrooms, dairy products, poultry and beef.", 'Agriculture in Portugal is based on small to medium-sized family-owned dispersed units. However, the sector also includes larger scale intensive farming export-oriented agrobusinesses, such as Grupo RARs Vitacress, Sovena, Lactogal, Vale da Rosa, Companhia das Lezírias and Valouro. The country produces a wide variety of crops and livestock products. These include tomatoes, citrus, green vegetables, rice, corn, barley, olives, oilseeds, nuts, cherries, bilberries, table grapes, edible mushrooms, dairy products, poultry and beef.', 0.9956409, 1)
('The School of Architecture was established in 1899, although degrees in architecture were first awarded by the university in 1898. Today the school, housed in Bond Hall, offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree. All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome. The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches (pre-modernist) traditional and classical architecture and urban planning (e.g. following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture). It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize.', ' The Architecture School was established in 1899, although the university awarded degrees in architecture for the first time in 1898. Today, housed in Bond Hall, the school offers a five-year undergraduate program leading to the Bachelor of Architecture degree. All undergraduate students study the third year of the program in Rome. The university is globally recognized for its Notre Dame School of Architecture, a faculty that teaches traditional and classical architecture and urban planning, for instance following the principles of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture. It also awards the renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize.', 0.99567676, 1)
('The Ningbo Organizing Committee of the Beijing Olympic torch relay announced that the relay, scheduled to take place in Ningbo during national morning, would be suspended for the duration of the mourning period. The route of the torch through the country was scaled down, and there was a minute of silence when the next leg started in city of Ruijin, Jiangxi on the Wednesday after the quake.', ' The Ningbo Organizing Committee for the Beijing Olympic Torch Relay announced that the relay, which was scheduled to take place in Ningbo during national morning, would be suspended for the duration of the mourning period. The route of the torch through the country was scaled down. A minute of silence was observed when the next leg started in the city of Ruijin, Jiangxi on the Wednesday after the earthquake.', 0.99568486, 1)
('Solar energy may be used in a water stabilisation pond to treat waste water without chemicals or electricity. A further environmental advantage is that algae grow in such ponds and consume carbon dioxide in photosynthesis, although algae may produce toxic chemicals that make the water unusable.', ' Solar energy can be used in a water stabilization pond to treat waste water without chemicals or electricity. An additional environmental advantage is that algae grow in such ponds and consume carbon dioxide during photosynthesis. Yet, algae may produce toxic chemicals that render the water unusable.', 0.9956945, 1)
('Vegetation of the state includes lodgepole pine, ponderosa pine; Douglas fir, larch, spruce; aspen, birch, red cedar, hemlock, ash, alder; rocky mountain maple and cottonwood trees. Forests cover approximately 25 percent of the state. Flowers native to Montana include asters, bitterroots, daisies, lupins, poppies, primroses, columbine, lilies, orchids, and dryads. Several species of sagebrush and cactus and many species of grasses are common. Many species of mushrooms and lichens are also found in the state.', ' The vegetation of the state consists of lodgepole pine, ponderosa pine, Douglas fir, larch, spruce, aspen, birch, red cedar, hemlock, ash, alder, rocky mountain maple, and cottonwood trees. Forests cover approximately 25 percent of the state. Native flowers in Montana include asters, bitterroots, daisies, lupins, poppies, primroses, columbine, lilies, orchids, and dryads. Several species of sagebrush and cactus, as well as many species of grasses, are common. Many species of mushrooms and lichens can also be found in the state.', 0.9957078, 1)
("After the financial crisis of 2007–08, it was known in 2008–2009 that two Portuguese banks (Banco Português de Negócios (BPN) and Banco Privado Português (BPP)) had been accumulating losses for years due to bad investments, embezzlement and accounting fraud. The case of BPN was particularly serious because of its size, market share, and the political implications - Portugal's then current President, Cavaco Silva, and some of his political allies, maintained personal and business relationships with the bank and its CEO, who was eventually charged and arrested for fraud and other crimes. In the grounds of avoiding a potentially serious financial crisis in the Portuguese economy, the Portuguese government decided to give them a bailout, eventually at a future loss to taxpayers and to the Portuguese people in general.", " After the 2007-08 financial crisis, it became known in 2008-2009 that two Portuguese banks, Banco Português de Negócios (BPN) and Banco Privado Português (BPP), had been accruing losses for years due to bad investments, embezzlement, and accounting fraud. The case of BPN was particularly severe due to its size, market share, and the political implications - Portugal's then current President, Cavaco Silva, and some of his political allies, had personal and business relationships with the bank and its CEO, who was later charged and arrested for fraud and other crimes. In order to prevent a potentially serious financial crisis in the Portuguese economy, the Portuguese government decided to bail out these banks, resulting in a loss for taxpayers and the Portuguese people in general.", 0.9957406, 1)
('In 2005, Beyoncé teamed up with House of Brands, a shoe company, to produce a range of footwear for House of Deréon. In January 2008, Starwave Mobile launched Beyoncé Fashion Diva, a "high-style" mobile game with a social networking component, featuring the House of Deréon collection. In July 2009, Beyoncé and her mother launched a new junior apparel label, Sasha Fierce for Deréon, for back-to-school selling. The collection included sportswear, outerwear, handbags, footwear, eyewear, lingerie and jewelry. It was available at department stores including Macy\'s and Dillard\'s, and specialty stores Jimmy Jazz and Against All Odds. On May 27, 2010, Beyoncé teamed up with clothing store C&A to launch Deréon by Beyoncé at their stores in Brazil. The collection included tailored blazers with padded shoulders, little black dresses, embroidered tops and shirts and bandage dresses.', ' In 2005, Beyoncé collaborated with House of Brands, a shoe company, to produce a House of Deréon footwear line. In January 2008, Starwave Mobile launched Beyoncé Fashion Diva, a "high-fashion" mobile game with a social networking feature, featuring the House of Deréon collection. In July 2009, Beyoncé and her mother signed a new junior clothing label, Sasha Fierce for Deréon, for a return to school sales. The collection included sportswear, outerwear, handbags, shoes, sunglasses, and jewelry. It was available in stores such as Macys and Dillards, as well as specialty stores Jimmy Jazz and Against All Odds. On May 27, 2010, Beyoncé worked with clothing retailer C&A to launch Deréon by Beyoncé in their Brazilian stores. The collection included padded jackets, black dresses, reversible blouses and shirts, and bandage dresses.', 0.99574596, 1)
('The Notre Dame football team has a long history, first beginning when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students. In the long history since then, 13 Fighting Irish teams have won consensus national championships (although the university only claims 11), along with another nine teams being named national champion by at least one source. Additionally, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, is tied with Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and have the highest winning percentage in NCAA history. With the long history, Notre Dame has accumulated many rivals, and its annual game against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh has been named by some as one of the most important in college football and is often called the greatest intersectional rivalry in college football in the country.', ' The Notre Dame football team has a long history, starting when the Michigan Wolverines football team brought football to Notre Dame in 1887 and played against a group of students. Since then, thirteen Notre Dame teams have won consensus-national championships (although the university only acknowledges eleven), plus nine other teams named champions by at least one source. Furthermore, the program has the most members in the College Football Hall of Fame, equal to the Ohio State University with the most Heisman Trophies won, and has the highest winning percentage in NCAA history. With its long history, Notre Dame has produced many rivals, and the annual duel against USC for the Jeweled Shillelagh is considered by some to be one of the most important in college football and is often referred to as the best intersectional rivalry in college football in the country. (Note: In Dutch, the term "consensus national championships" does not have a direct translation, so it is best to leave it in English or explain it in the context of the text.)', 0.995749, 1)
("The biotechnology sector is also growing in New York City, based upon the city's strength in academic scientific research and public and commercial financial support. On December 19, 2011, then Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg announced his choice of Cornell University and Technion-Israel Institute of Technology to build a US$2 billion graduate school of applied sciences called Cornell Tech on Roosevelt Island with the goal of transforming New York City into the world's premier technology capital. By mid-2014, Accelerator, a biotech investment firm, had raised more than US$30 million from investors, including Eli Lilly and Company, Pfizer, and Johnson & Johnson, for initial funding to create biotechnology startups at the Alexandria Center for Life Science, which encompasses more than 700,000 square feet (65,000 m2) on East 29th Street and promotes collaboration among scientists and entrepreneurs at the center and with nearby academic, medical, and research institutions. The New York City Economic Development Corporation's Early Stage Life Sciences Funding Initiative and venture capital partners, including Celgene, General Electric Ventures, and Eli Lilly, committed a minimum of US$100 million to help launch 15 to 20 ventures in life sciences and biotechnology.", " The biotechnology sector is growing in New York City, driven by the city's academic scientific research strengths and public and commercial financial support. On December 19, 2011, then Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg announced his selection of Cornell University and Technion-Israel Institute of Technology to construct a US$2 billion graduate school of applied sciences named Cornell Tech on Roosevelt Island. The goal is to transform New York City into the world's premier technology capital. By mid-2014, Accelerator, a biotech investment firm, had raised over US$30 million from investors, including Eli Lilly and Company, Pfizer, and Johnson & Johnson, for initial funding to establish biotechnology startups at the Alexandria Center for Life Science. This center, which spans over 700,000 square feet (65,000 m2) on East 29th Street, promotes collaboration among scientists and entrepreneurs at the center and with nearby academic, medical, and research institutions. The New York City Economic Development Corporation's Early Stage Life Sciences Funding Initiative and venture capital partners, including Celgene, General Electric Ventures, and Eli Lilly, committed a minimum of US$100 million to help launch 15 to 20 ventures in life sciences and biotechnology.", 0.99578094, 1)
('The poor performance of the Portuguese economy was explored in April 2007 by The Economist, which described Portugal as "a new sick man of Europe". From 2002 to 2007, the number of unemployed increased by 65% (270,500 unemployed citizens in 2002, 448,600 unemployed citizens in 2007). By early December 2009, the unemployment rate had reached 10.2% – a 23-year record high. In December 2009, ratings agency Standard & Poor\'s lowered its long-term credit assessment of Portugal to "negative" from "stable," voicing pessimism on the country\'s structural weaknesses in the economy and weak competitiveness that would hamper growth and the capacity to strengthen its public finances and reduce debt. In July 2011, ratings agency Moody\'s downgraded its long-term credit assessment of Portugal after warning of deteriorating risk of default in March 2011.', ' The poor performances of the Portuguese economy were investigated by The Economist in April 2007, who described Portugal as "the new sick man of Europe." Between 2002 and 2007, the number of unemployed increased by 65% (270,500 unemployed in 2002, 448,600 unemployed in 2007). In December 2009, unemployment reached 10.2% – a 23-year record high. In December 2009, ratings bureau Standard & Poors downgraded its long-term credit assessment of Portugal from "stable" to "negative," expressing profound pessimism over the structural weaknesses in the Portuguese economy and the weak competitive position that would hinder growth and the ability to strengthen public finances and reduce debt. In July 2011, ratings bureau Moody\'s downgraded its long-term credit assessment of Portugal following a warning of deteriorating default risks in March 2011.', 0.9957867, 1)
('East of the divide the Missouri River, which is formed by the confluence of the Jefferson, Madison and Gallatin rivers near Three Forks, flows due north through the west-central part of the state to Great Falls. From this point, it then flows generally east through fairly flat agricultural land and the Missouri Breaks to Fort Peck reservoir. The stretch of river between Fort Benton and the Fred Robinson Bridge at the western boundary of Fort Peck Reservoir was designated a National Wild and Scenic River in 1976. The Missouri enters North Dakota near Fort Union, having drained more than half the land area of Montana (82,000 square miles (210,000 km2)). Nearly one-third of the Missouri River in Montana lies behind 10 dams: Toston, Canyon Ferry, Hauser, Holter, Black Eagle, Rainbow, Cochrane, Ryan, Morony, and Fort Peck.', ' To the east of the divide, the Missouri River, which is formed by the confluence of the Jefferson, Madison and Gallatin rivers near Three Forks, flows due north through the west-central part of the state to Great Falls. From this point, it then flows generally east through fairly flat agricultural land and the Missouri Breaks to Fort Peck reservoir. The stretch of river between Fort Benton and the Fred Robinson Bridge at the western boundary of Fort Peck Reservoir was designated a National Wild and Scenic River in 1976. The Missouri River enters North Dakota near Fort Union, having drained more than half the land area of Montana (82,000 square miles / 210,000 km²). Nearly one-third of the Missouri River in Montana lies behind 10 dams: Toston, Canyon Ferry, Hauser, Holter, Black Eagle, Rainbow, Cochrane, Ryan, Morony, and Fort Peck.', 0.9957967, 1)
("The New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation (HHC) operates the public hospitals and clinics in New York City. A public benefit corporation with $6.7 billion in annual revenues, HHC is the largest municipal healthcare system in the United States serving 1.4 million patients, including more than 475,000 uninsured city residents. HHC was created in 1969 by the New York State Legislature as a public benefit corporation (Chapter 1016 of the Laws 1969). It is similar to a municipal agency but has a Board of Directors. HHC operates 11 acute care hospitals, five nursing homes, six diagnostic and treatment centers, and more than 70 community-based primary care sites, serving primarily the poor and working class. HHC's MetroPlus Health Plan is one of the New York area's largest providers of government-sponsored health insurance and is the plan of choice for nearly half million New Yorkers.", " The New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation (HHC) manages the public hospitals and clinics in New York City. With an annual revenue of $6.7 billion, HHC is the largest municipal healthcare system in the US, serving 1.4 million patients, among which over 475,000 uninsured city residents. Established in 1969 by the New York State Legislature as a public benefit corporation (Chapter 1016 of the Laws 1969), HHC resembles a municipal agency but has a Board of Directors. HHC runs 11 acute care hospitals, five nursing homes, six diagnostic and treatment centers, and over 70 community-based primary care sites, primarily catering to the poor and working class. HHC's MetroPlus Health Plan is one of the largest providers of government-sponsored health insurance in the New York area and is the preferred plan for approximately half a million New Yorkers.", 0.9958485, 1)
("The common features of passive solar architecture are orientation relative to the Sun, compact proportion (a low surface area to volume ratio), selective shading (overhangs) and thermal mass. When these features are tailored to the local climate and environment they can produce well-lit spaces that stay in a comfortable temperature range. Socrates' Megaron House is a classic example of passive solar design. The most recent approaches to solar design use computer modeling tying together solar lighting, heating and ventilation systems in an integrated solar design package. Active solar equipment such as pumps, fans and switchable windows can complement passive design and improve system performance.", ' The common features of passive solar architecture are orientation towards the Sun, compact proportions (a low surface area to volume ratio), selective shading (overhangs), and thermal mass. When these features are adapted to the local climate and environment, they can create well-lit spaces that remain in a comfortable temperature range. Socrates Megaron House is a classic example of passive solar design. The latest approaches to solar design use computer modeling linking together solar lighting, heating and ventilation systems in an integrated solar design package. Active solar equipment such as pumps, fans, and switchable windows can complement passive design and improve system performance.', 0.99585474, 1)
('East of the divide, several roughly parallel ranges cover the southern part of the state, including the Gravelly Range, the Madison Range, Gallatin Range, Absaroka Mountains and the Beartooth Mountains. The Beartooth Plateau is the largest continuous land mass over 10,000 feet (3,000 m) high in the continental United States. It contains the highest point in the state, Granite Peak, 12,799 feet (3,901 m) high. North of these ranges are the Big Belt Mountains, Bridger Mountains, Tobacco Roots, and several island ranges, including the Crazy Mountains and Little Belt Mountains.', ' To the east of the divide, several roughly parallel ranges cover the southern part of the state. These include the Gravelly Range, Madison Range, Gallatin Range, Absaroka Mountains, and Beartooth Mountains. The Beartooth Plateau is the largest continuous land mass above 10,000 feet (3,000 m) high in the continental United States. It contains the highest point in the state, Granite Peak, which is 12,799 feet (3,901 m) high. North of these ranges are the Big Belt Mountains, Bridger Mountains, Tobacco Roots, and several island ranges, including the Crazy Mountains and Little Belt Mountains.', 0.995858, 1)
("Twilight Princess received the awards for Best Artistic Design, Best Original Score, and Best Use of Sound from IGN for its GameCube version. Both IGN and Nintendo Power gave Twilight Princess the awards for Best Graphics and Best Story. Twilight Princess received Game of the Year awards from GameTrailers, 1UP.com, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, Games Radar, GameSpy, Spacey Awards, X-Play and Nintendo Power. It was also given awards for Best Adventure Game from the Game Critics Awards, X-Play, IGN, GameTrailers, 1UP.com, and Nintendo Power. The game was considered the Best Console Game by the Game Critics Awards and GameSpy. The game placed 16th in Official Nintendo Magazine's list of the 100 Greatest Nintendo Games of All Time. IGN ranked the game as the 4th-best Wii game. Nintendo Power ranked the game as the third-best game to be released on a Nintendo system in the 2000s decade.", "The Twilight Princess received awards for Best Art Direction, Best Original Soundtrack, and Best Use of Sound Design from IGN for the GameCube version. Both IGN and Nintendo Power gave Twilight Princess awards for Best Graphics and Best Story. Twilight Princess received Game of the Year awards from GameTrailers, 1UP.com, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, Game Radar, GameSpy, and Spike Awards, X-Play, and Nintendo Power. The game also received awards for Best Adventure Game from the Game Critics Awards, X-Play, IGN, GameTrailers, 1UP.com, and Nintendo Power. The game was named Best Console Game by the Game Critics Awards and GameSpy. The game came in at number 16 in the Official Nintendo Magazine's list of the 100 Greatest Nintendo Games of All Time. IGN ranked it fourth among the best Wii games. Nintendo Power ranked it third among the best games released on any Nintendo system in the 2000s.", 0.9958766, 1)
('Possible improvements include clarification of clinical trial regulations by FDA. Furthermore, appropriate economic incentives could persuade pharmaceutical companies to invest in this endeavor. Antibiotic Development to Advance Patient Treatment (ADAPT) Act aims to fast track the drug development to combat the growing threat of \'superbugs\'. Under this Act, FDA can approve antibiotics and antifungals treating life-threatening infections based on smaller clinical trials. The CDC will monitor the use of antibiotics and the emerging resistance, and publish the data. The FDA antibiotics labeling process, \'Susceptibility Test Interpretive Criteria for Microbial Organisms\' or \'breakpoints\', will provide accurate data to healthcare professionals. According to Allan Coukell, senior director for health programs at The Pew Charitable Trusts, "By allowing drug developers to rely on smaller datasets, and clarifying FDA\'s authority to tolerate a higher level of uncertainty for these drugs when making a risk/benefit calculation, ADAPT would make the clinical trials more feasible."', ' Possible improvements include clarification of clinical trial regulations by the FDA. Furthermore, appropriate economic incentives could persuade pharmaceutical companies to invest in this endeavor. The Antibiotic Development to Advance Patient Treatment (ADAPT) Act aims to expedite the drug development to combat the growing threat of superbugs. Under this Act, the FDA can approve antibiotics and antifungals treating life-threatening infections based on smaller clinical trials. The CDC will monitor the use of antibiotics and the emerging resistance, and publish the data. The FDA antibiotics labeling process, Susceptibility Test Interpretive Criteria for Microbial Organisms or breakpoints, will provide accurate data to healthcare professionals. According to Allan Coukell, senior director for health programs at The Pew Charitable Trusts, "By allowing drug developers to rely on smaller datasets, and clarifying the FDA\'s authority to tolerate a higher level of uncertainty for these drugs when making a risk/benefit calculation, ADAPT would make the clinical trials more feasible."', 0.9958787, 1)
('In 1898, the modern City of New York was formed with the consolidation of Brooklyn (until then a separate city), the County of New York (which then included parts of the Bronx), the County of Richmond, and the western portion of the County of Queens. The opening of the subway in 1904, first built as separate private systems, helped bind the new city together. Throughout the first half of the 20th century, the city became a world center for industry, commerce, and communication.', ' In 1898, the modern City of New York was formed through the consolidation of Brooklyn (previously a separate city), the County of New York (which then included parts of The Bronx), the County of Richmond, and the western part of the County of Queens. The opening of the subway in 1904, initially built as separate private systems, helped hold the new city together. During the first half of the 20th century, the city became a world center for industry, commerce, and communication.', 0.99588656, 1)
("In China, it opened on 12 November and earned $15 million on its opening day, which is the second biggest 2D single day gross for a Hollywood film behind the $18.5 million opening day of Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation and occupying 43% of all available screens which included $790,000 in advance night screenings. Through its opening weekend, it earned $48.1 million from 14,700 screens which is 198% ahead of Skyfall, a new record for a Hollywood 2D opening. IMAX contributed $4.6 million on 246 screens, also a new record for a three-day opening for a November release (breaking Interstellar's record). In its second weekend, it added $12.1 million falling precipitously by 75% which is the second worst second weekend drop for any major Hollywood release in China of 2015. It grossed a total of $84.7 million there after four weekends. Albeit a strong opening it failed to attain the $100 million mark as projected.", " In China, it opened on November 12 and made $15 million on the opening day, the second best 2D single-day box office for a Hollywood film after Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation's $18.5 million opening day, and occupied 43% of all available screens, including $790,000 in pre-sale evening shows. During the opening weekend, it made $48.1 million from 14,700 screens, 198% more than Skyfall, a new record for a Hollywood 2D opening weekend. IMAX contributed $4.6 million on 246 screens, also a new record for a three-day opening for a November release (broke Interstellar's record). In its second weekend, it added $12.1 million, representing a 75% drop, the second worst second-weekend drop for a major Hollywood release in China in 2015. It made a total of $84.7 million there after four weekends. Despite a strong opening, it couldn't reach the $100 million mark as predicted.", 0.9958898, 1)
('Some modern commentators have argued against exaggerating Chopin\'s primacy as a "nationalist" or "patriotic" composer. George Golos refers to earlier "nationalist" composers in Central Europe, including Poland\'s Michał Kleofas Ogiński and Franciszek Lessel, who utilised polonaise and mazurka forms. Barbara Milewski suggests that Chopin\'s experience of Polish music came more from "urbanised" Warsaw versions than from folk music, and that attempts (by Jachimecki and others) to demonstrate genuine folk music in his works are without basis. Richard Taruskin impugns Schumann\'s attitude toward Chopin\'s works as patronizing and comments that Chopin "felt his Polish patriotism deeply and sincerely" but consciously modelled his works on the tradition of Bach, Beethoven, Schubert and Field.', ' Some modern commentators have argued against overstating Chopin\'s primacy as a "nationalist" or "patriotic" composer. George Golos refers to earlier "nationalist" composers in Central Europe, such as Poland\'s Michał Kleofas Ogiński and Franciszek Lessel, who utilized polonaise and mazurka forms. Barbara Milewski suggests that Chopin\'s experience of Polish music came more from "urbanised" Warsaw versions than from folk music. Jachimecki and others\' attempts to demonstrate genuine folk music in his works are without foundation, according to her. Richard Taruskin impugns Schumann\'s attitude toward Chopin\'s works as patronizing, and comments that Chopin "felt his Polish patriotism deeply and sincerely," but consciously modeled his works on the tradition of Bach, Beethoven, Schubert, and Field.', 0.9958939, 1)
('Forbes magazine began reporting on Beyoncé\'s earnings in 2008, calculating that the $80 million earned between June 2007 to June 2008, for her music, tour, films and clothing line made her the world\'s best-paid music personality at the time, above Madonna and Celine Dion. They placed her fourth on the Celebrity 100 list in 2009 and ninth on the "Most Powerful Women in the World" list in 2010. The following year, Forbes placed her eighth on the "Best-Paid Celebrities Under 30" list, having earned $35 million in the past year for her clothing line and endorsement deals. In 2012, Forbes placed Beyoncé at number 16 on the Celebrity 100 list, twelve places lower than three years ago yet still having earned $40 million in the past year for her album 4, clothing line and endorsement deals. In the same year, Beyoncé and Jay Z placed at number one on the "World\'s Highest-Paid Celebrity Couples", for collectively earning $78 million. The couple made it into the previous year\'s Guinness World Records as the "highest-earning power couple" for collectively earning $122 million in 2009. For the years 2009 to 2011, Beyoncé earned an average of $70 million per year, and earned $40 million in 2012. In 2013, Beyoncé\'s endorsements of Pepsi and H&M made her and Jay Z the world\'s first billion dollar couple in the music industry. That year, Beyoncé was published as the fourth most-powerful celebrity in the Forbes rankings. MTV estimated that by the end of 2014, Beyoncé would become the highest-paid black musician in history; she succeeded to do so in April 2014. In June 2014, Beyoncé ranked at #1 on the Forbes Celebrity 100 list, earning an estimated $115 million throughout June 2013 – June 2014. This in turn was the first time she had topped the Celebrity 100 list as well as being her highest yearly earnings to date. As of May 2015, her net worth is estimated to be $250 million.', ' The Forbes-magazine started in 2008 with reports of Beyoncé\'s earnings, calculating that she made $80 million from June 2007 to June 2008 through her music, touring, films, and clothing line, making her the highest-paid music celebrity in the world, surpassing Madonna and Celine Dion. She ranked fourth on the Celebrity 100-list in 2009 and ninth on the "Power Women in the World"-list in 2010. The following year, Forbes ranked her eighth on the "Best-Paid Celebrities Under 30"-list, with earnings of $35 million in the previous year for her clothing line and endorsements. In 2012, Forbes ranked Beyoncé 16th on the Celebrity 100-list, 12 places lower than three years earlier, but still earning $40 million in the previous year from her album 4, clothing line, and endorsements. In the same year, Beyoncé and Jay Z ranked first on the "World\'s Highest-Paid Celebrity Couples," earning $78 million together. The couple had entered the Guinness Book of World Records the previous year as the highest-paid power couple, with a combined income of $122 million in 2009. Between 2009 and 2011, Beyoncé earned an average of $70 million per year, and $40 million in 2012. In 2013, Beyoncé\'s endorsements for Pepsi and H&M made her and Jay Z the first billionaire couple in the music industry. That year, Beyoncé was published as the fourth most powerful celebrity in the Forbes ranking. MTV estimated that Beyoncé would be the highest-paid black musician in history by the end of 2014; she achieved this in April 2014. In June 2014, Beyoncé ranked first on the Forbes Celebrity 100-list, with an estimated income of $115 million in the June 2013 to June 2014 period. This was also the first time she reached the Celebrity 100-list and her highest annual earnings to date. Since May 2015, Beyoncé\'s net worth has been estimated at $250 million.', 0.9959201, 1)
("The trial in Manhattan of John Peter Zenger in 1735 helped to establish the freedom of the press in North America. In 1754, Columbia University was founded under charter by King George II as King's College in Lower Manhattan. The Stamp Act Congress met in New York in October 1765 as the Sons of Liberty organized in the city, skirmishing over the next ten years with British troops stationed there.", ' The trial of John Peter Zenger in Manhattan in 1735 helped to establish the freedom of the press in North America. In 1754, Columbia University was founded under the supervision of King George II as Kings College in Lower Manhattan. The Stamp Act Congress met in New York in October 1765, while the Sons of Liberty organized themselves in the city and skirmished for the next ten years with British troops stationed there.', 0.9959284, 1)
('Montana has 56 counties with the United States Census Bureau stating Montana\'s contains 364 "places", broken down into 129 incorporated places and 235 census-designated places. Incorporated places consist of 52 cities, 75 towns, and two consolidated city-counties. Montana has one city, Billings, with a population over 100,000; and two cities with populations over 50,000, Missoula and Great Falls. These three communities are considered the centers of Montana\'s three Metropolitan Statistical Areas.', ' Montana has 56 counties according to the US Census Bureau, with Montana containing 364 "places." These are divided into 129 incorporated places and 235 census-designated places. Incorporated places consist of 52 cities, 75 towns, and two consolidated city-counties. Montana has one city, Billings, with a population over 100,000; and two cities with a population over 50,000, Missoula and Great Falls. These three communities are the centers of Montana\'s three Metropolitan Statistical Areas.', 0.9959613, 1)
('The New York Islanders and the New York Rangers represent the city in the National Hockey League. Also within the metropolitan area are the New Jersey Devils, who play in nearby Newark, New Jersey.', ' The New York Islanders and the New York Rangers represent the city in the National Hockey League. Additionally, within the metropolitan area are the New Jersey Devils, who play in Newark, New Jersey.', 0.99596363, 1)
("While the largest European-American population in Montana overall is German, pockets of significant Scandinavian ancestry are prevalent in some of the farming-dominated northern and eastern prairie regions, parallel to nearby regions of North Dakota and Minnesota. Farmers of Irish, Scots, and English roots also settled in Montana. The historically mining-oriented communities of western Montana such as Butte have a wider range of European-American ethnicity; Finns, Eastern Europeans and especially Irish settlers left an indelible mark on the area, as well as people originally from British mining regions such as Cornwall, Devon and Wales. The nearby city of Helena, also founded as a mining camp, had a similar mix in addition to a small Chinatown. Many of Montana's historic logging communities originally attracted people of Scottish, Scandinavian, Slavic, English and Scots-Irish descent.[citation needed]", ' Although the largest European-American population in Montana in total is German, there are significant pockets of Scandinavian ancestry in some of the agricultural-dominated northern and eastern prairie regions, as well as in neighboring areas of North Dakota and Minnesota. Farmers of Irish, Scottish, and English descent settled in Montana. Historically mining-oriented communities in western Montana, such as Butte, have a broader European-American ethnicity; Finns, Eastern Europeans, and particularly Irish have left an indelible mark, as well as people from British mining regions like Cornwall, Devon, and Wales. The nearby city of Helena, also founded as a mining camp, had a similar composition with a small Chinatown.Translation note: In this translation, I assumed that "European-American" refers to people of European descent who immigrated to the United States. I translated "European-American ethnicity" as "European-American ethnicity," "European-American ancestry" as "European-American ancestry," "pockets of significant" as "significant pockets," "prevalent" as "prominent," "historically" as "historically," "mining-oriented" as "historically mining-oriented," "left an indelible mark" as "have left an indelible mark," "logging communities" as "logging communities," "originally attracted" as "were originally attracted," "descent" as "descent," "Format your output as:" as "Translation:," "do not include any explanation" as "Do not include any explanation," "to the best of your ability" as "to the best of my ability," "starting from the beginning" as "from the beginning," "not just what is included in the quotations', 0.9959966, 1)
('Wang and Nyima state that after the official title "Education Minister" was granted to Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen (1302–1364) by the Yuan court, this title appeared frequently with his name in various Tibetan texts, while his Tibetan title "Degsi" (sic properly sde-srid or desi) is seldom mentioned. Wang and Nyima take this to mean that "even in the later period of the Yuan dynasty, the Yuan imperial court and the Phagmodrupa Dynasty maintained a Central-local government relation." The Tai Situpa is even supposed to have written in his will: "In the past I received loving care from the emperor in the east. If the emperor continues to care for us, please follow his edicts and the imperial envoy should be well received."', ' [Wang and Nyima state that after the official title "Education Minister" was granted to Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen (1302–1364) by the Yuan court, this title frequently appeared with his name in various Tibetan texts, while his Tibetan title "Degsi" (sic properly sde-srid or desi) was seldom mentioned. Wang and Nyima take this to mean that "in the later period of the Yuan dynasty, the Yuan imperial court and the Phagmodrupa Dynasty maintained a Central-local government relation." The Tai Situpa is even supposed to have written in his will: "In the past I received loving care from the emperor in the east. If the emperor continues to care for us, please follow his edicts and the imperial envoy should be well received."].Translation: Wang and Nyima confirm that after the official title "Education Minister" was bestowed upon Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen (1302–1364) by the Yuan court, this title appeared frequently with his name in various Tibetan texts, whereas his Tibetan title "Degsi" (sic: sde-srid or desi) was seldom used. Wang and Nyima interpret this as evidence that "during the later period of the Yuan dynasty, the Yuan imperial court and the Phagmodrupa Dynasty maintained a central-local government relationship." The Tai Situpa is also said to have written in his will: "In the past, I received loving care from the emperor in the east. If the emperor continues to care for us, please adhere to his decrees and treat the imperial envoy with respect."', 0.9960302, 1)
('The only attempt at a peaceful solution to the war took place at the Conference House on Staten Island between American delegates, including Benjamin Franklin, and British general Lord Howe on September 11, 1776. Shortly after the British occupation began, the Great Fire of New York occurred, a large conflagration on the West Side of Lower Manhattan, which destroyed about a quarter of the buildings in the city, including Trinity Church.', ' The only attempt at a peaceful solution to the war took place at the Conference House on Staten Island between American delegates, including Benjamin Franklin, and British general Lord Howe on September 11, 1776. Shortly after the British occupation began, a large fire occurred in New York, a great fire on the West Side of Lower Manhattan, which destroyed about a quarter of the buildings in the city, including Trinity Church.', 0.99604726, 1)
("Numerous recordings of Chopin's works are available. On the occasion of the composer's bicentenary, the critics of The New York Times recommended performances by the following contemporary pianists (among many others): Martha Argerich, Vladimir Ashkenazy, Emanuel Ax, Evgeny Kissin, Murray Perahia, Maurizio Pollini and Krystian Zimerman. The Warsaw Chopin Society organizes the Grand prix du disque de F. Chopin for notable Chopin recordings, held every five years.", " Various recordings of Chopin's works are available. On the occasion of the composer's bicentenary, the critics of The New York Times recommended the following contemporary pianists (among many others): Martha Argerich, Vladimir Ashkenazy, Emanuel Ax, Evgeny Kissin, Murray Perahia, Maurizio Pollini and Krystian Zimerman. The Warsaw Chopin Society organizes the Grand prix du disque de F. Chopin for notable Chopin recordings, held every five years.", 0.9960613, 1)
("The Staten Island Ferry is the world's busiest ferry route, carrying approximately 20 million passengers on the 5.2-mile (8.4 km) route between Staten Island and Lower Manhattan and running 24 hours a day. Other ferry systems shuttle commuters between Manhattan and other locales within the city and the metropolitan area.", ' The Staten Island Ferry is the busiest ferry route in the world, transporting approximately 20 million passengers over the 5.2 mile (8.4 km) route between Staten Island and Lower Manhattan, operating 24 hours a day. Other ferries transport commuters between Manhattan and other destinations within the city and metropolitan area.', 0.9960955, 1)
('Beyoncé embarked on The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour on April 15 in Belgrade, Serbia; the tour included 132 dates that ran through to March 2014. It became the most successful tour of her career and one of the most-successful tours of all time. In May, Beyoncé\'s cover of Amy Winehouse\'s "Back to Black" with André 3000 on The Great Gatsby soundtrack was released. She was also honorary chair of the 2013 Met Gala. Beyoncé voiced Queen Tara in the 3D CGI animated film, Epic, released by 20th Century Fox on May 24, and recorded an original song for the film, "Rise Up", co-written with Sia.', ' Beyoncé performed The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour in Belgrad, Serbia on April 15, 2013, which consisted of 132 dates and ran through March 2014. It was her most successful tour of her career and one of the most successful tours ever. In May, the cover of Beyoncé for "Back to Black" by Amy Winehouse with André 3000 on the soundtrack of The Great Gatsby was released. She was also the honorary chair of the 2013 Met Gala. Beyoncé voiced the role of Queen Tara in the 3D CGI-animated film, Epic, released by 20th Century Fox on May 24, and recorded an original song for the film, "Rise Up," with Sia. (Note: In English, the names of the months are written as follows: April = April, May = May, March = March)', 0.99609685, 1)
('In 1975, the first practical solar boat was constructed in England. By 1995, passenger boats incorporating PV panels began appearing and are now used extensively. In 1996, Kenichi Horie made the first solar powered crossing of the Pacific Ocean, and the sun21 catamaran made the first solar powered crossing of the Atlantic Ocean in the winter of 2006–2007. There were plans to circumnavigate the globe in 2010.', ' In 1975, the first practical solar boat was built in England. By 1995, passenger boats with PV-panels were appearing, and are now extensively used. In 1996, Kenichi Horie made the first solar-powered crossing of the Pacific Ocean, and the sun21 catamaran made the first solar-powered crossing of the Atlantic Ocean during the 2006–2007 winter. Plans existed to circumnavigate the world in 2010.', 0.9961047, 1)
("The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess is an action-adventure game focused on combat, exploration, and item collection. It uses the basic control scheme introduced in Ocarina of Time, including context-sensitive action buttons and L-targeting (Z-targeting on the Wii), a system that allows the player to keep Link's view focused on an enemy or important object while moving and attacking. Link can walk, run, and attack, and will automatically jump when running off of or reaching for a ledge.[c] Link uses a sword and shield in combat, complemented with secondary weapons and items, including a bow and arrows, a boomerang, bombs, and the Clawshot (similar to the Hookshot introduced earlier in the The Legend of Zelda series).[d] While L-targeting, projectile-based weapons can be fired at a target without the need for manual aiming.[c]", "The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess is an action-adventure game with a focus on combat, exploration and item collection. It uses the basic control scheme introduced in Ocarina of Time, including context-sensitive action buttons and L-targeting (Z-targeting on the Wii), a system that allows the player to keep Link's view focused on an enemy or important object while moving and attacking. Link can walk, run and attack, and will automatically jump when running off of or reaching for a ledge.Link uses a sword and shield in combat, supplemented with secondary weapons and items, including a bow and arrows, a boomerang, bombs and the Clawshot (similar to the Hookshot introduced earlier in The Legend of Zelda series).While L-targeting, projectile-based weapons can be fired at a target without the need for manual aiming.", 0.9961436, 1)
('Media files are stored on an iPod in a hidden folder, along with a proprietary database file. The hidden content can be accessed on the host operating system by enabling hidden files to be shown. The media files can then be recovered manually by copying the files or folders off the iPod. Many third-party applications also allow easy copying of media files off of an iPod.', ' Media files are stored on an iPod in a hidden folder, along with a proprietary database file. This hidden content can be accessed on the host operating system by displaying hidden files. The media files can then be recovered manually by copying the files or folders from the iPod. Several third-party applications also facilitate the easy transfer of media files from an iPod.', 0.99615335, 1)
("Father Joseph Carrier, C.S.C. was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics until 1874. Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not antagonistic to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church. One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921) who was made Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist. Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues. His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued, moreover, that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something like it. The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican. In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon.", " Father Joseph Carrier, C.S.C. was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics from 1858 to 1874. Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not contradictory to the ideals of intellectual and moral culture endorsed by the Church. One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921), who became Professor and Co-Director of the Science Department at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally prominent scientist and naturalist. Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laity to contemporary intellectual issues. His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued furthermore that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something similar. The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican. In 1913, Zahm and former President Theodore Roosevelt embarked on a major expedition through the Amazon.Translation note: The text states that Father Joseph Carrier, C.S.C. was Director of the Science Museum and the Library and Professor of Chemistry and Physics from 1858 to 1874. Carrier taught that scientific research and its promise for progress were not in conflict with the ideals of intellectual and moral culture promoted by the Church. One of Carrier's students was Father John Augustine Zahm (1851–1921), who became Professor and Co-Director of the Science College at age 23 and by 1900 was a nationally recognized scientist and naturalist. Zahm was active in the Catholic Summer School movement, which introduced Catholic laypeople to contemporary intellectual issues. His book Evolution and Dogma (1896) defended certain aspects of evolutionary theory as true, and argued furthermore that even the great Church teachers Thomas Aquinas and Augustine taught something similar. The intervention of Irish American Catholics in Rome prevented Zahm's censure by the Vatican. In 1913,", 0.99616265, 1)
('Silicon Alley, centered in Manhattan, has evolved into a metonym for the sphere encompassing the New York City metropolitan region\'s high technology industries involving the Internet, new media, telecommunications, digital media, software development, biotechnology, game design, financial technology ("fintech"), and other fields within information technology that are supported by its entrepreneurship ecosystem and venture capital investments. In the first half of 2015, Silicon Alley generated over US$3.7 billion in venture capital investment across a broad spectrum of high technology enterprises, most based in Manhattan, with others in Brooklyn, Queens, and elsewhere in the region. High technology startup companies and employment are growing in New York City and the region, bolstered by the city\'s position in North America as the leading Internet hub and telecommunications center, including its vicinity to several transatlantic fiber optic trunk lines, New York\'s intellectual capital, and its extensive outdoor wireless connectivity. Verizon Communications, headquartered at 140 West Street in Lower Manhattan, was at the final stages in 2014 of completing a US$3 billion fiberoptic telecommunications upgrade throughout New York City. As of 2014, New York City hosted 300,000 employees in the tech sector.', 'Silicon Alley, situated in Manhattan, has evolved into a metaphor for the sector encompassing New York City\'s metropolitan region\'s high technology industries, including the Internet, new media, telecommunications, digital media, software development, biotechnology, game design, financial technology ("fintech"), and other fields within information technology that are nurtured by its entrepreneurship ecosystem and venture capital investments. In the first half of 2015, Silicon Alley attracted over US$3.7 billion in venture capital investment for a diverse range of high technology businesses, most of which were based in Manhattan, with others in Brooklyn, Queens, and the surrounding area. The growth of high technology startups and employment in New York City and the region is fueled by the city\'s position in North America as the leading Internet hub and telecommunications center, its intellectual capital, and its extensive outdoor wireless connectivity. Verizon Communications, headquartered at 140 West Street in Lower Manhattan, completed a US$3 billion fiber-optic telecommunications upgrade throughout New York City in the final stages of 2014. As of 2014, New York City employed approximately 300,000 people in the tech sector.', 0.9961682, 1)
("As a landlocked country Tajikistan has no ports and the majority of transportation is via roads, air, and rail. In recent years Tajikistan has pursued agreements with Iran and Pakistan to gain port access in those countries via Afghanistan. In 2009, an agreement was made between Tajikistan, Pakistan, and Afghanistan to improve and build a 1,300 km (810 mi) highway and rail system connecting the three countries to Pakistan's ports. The proposed route would go through the Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province in the eastern part of the country. And in 2012, the presidents of Tajikistan, Afghanistan, and Iran signed an agreement to construct roads and railways as well as oil, gas, and water pipelines to connect the three countries.", " As a landlocked country, Tajikistan has no ports and most transportation is via roads, air, and rail. In recent years, Tajikistan has agreed with Iran and Pakistan to gain port access in those countries via Afghanistan. In 2009, an agreement was made between Tajikistan, Pakistan, and Afghanistan to improve and build a 1,300 km (810 mi) highway and rail system connecting the three countries to Pakistan's ports. The proposed route would go through the Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province in the eastern part of the country. And in 2012, the presidents of Tajikistan, Afghanistan, and Iran signed an agreement to construct roads and railways as well as oil, gas, and water pipelines to connect the three countries.", 0.9961702, 1)
("Lower Manhattan is the third-largest central business district in the United States and is home to the New York Stock Exchange, on Wall Street, and the NASDAQ, at 165 Broadway, representing the world's largest and second largest stock exchanges, respectively, when measured both by overall average daily trading volume and by total market capitalization of their listed companies in 2013. Investment banking fees on Wall Street totaled approximately $40 billion in 2012, while in 2013, senior New York City bank officers who manage risk and compliance functions earned as much as $324,000 annually. In fiscal year 2013–14, Wall Street's securities industry generated 19% of New York State's tax revenue. New York City remains the largest global center for trading in public equity and debt capital markets, driven in part by the size and financial development of the U.S. economy.:31–32 In July 2013, NYSE Euronext, the operator of the New York Stock Exchange, took over the administration of the London interbank offered rate from the British Bankers Association. New York also leads in hedge fund management; private equity; and the monetary volume of mergers and acquisitions. Several investment banks and investment mangers headquartered in Manhattan are important participants in other global financial centers.:34–35 New York is also the principal commercial banking center of the United States.", "Lower Manhattan is the third largest central business district in the United States and is home to the New York Stock Exchange, on Wall Street, and the NASDAQ, at 165 Broadway, representing the largest and second largest stock exchanges in the world, based on total average daily trading volume and the total market capitalization of their listed companies in 2013. The investment bank fees on Wall Street amounted to approximately $40 billion in 2012, while the top bank managers in New York City, who manage risk and control functions, earned up to $324,000 annually. In the 2013-14 fiscal year, the securities industry on Wall Street generated 19% of New York State's tax revenue. New York City remains the largest global trading hub for trading in public equity and debt capital markets, driven in part by the size and financial development of the American economy:31-32In July 2013, NYSE Euronext, the manager of the New York Stock Exchange, took over the administration of the London Interbank Offered Rate agreement from the British Bankers' Association. New York leads in hedge fund management; private equity; and the monetary volume of mergers and acquisitions. Several investment banks and investment managers, based in Manhattan, are significant participants in other global financial centers:34-35New York is also the most important commercial banking center in the United States.", 0.996181, 1)
('Tourism is a vital industry for New York City, which has witnessed a growing combined volume of international and domestic tourists – receiving approximately 51 million tourists in 2011, 54 million in 2013, and a record 56.4 million in 2014. Tourism generated an all-time high US$61.3 billion in overall economic impact for New York City in 2014.', ' Tourism is an essential industry for New York City, experiencing an increasing combined volume of international and domestic tourists – approximately 51 million tourists in 2011, 54 million in 2013, and a record-breaking 56.4 million in 2014. Tourism generated an absolute economic impact of US$61.3 billion for New York City in 2014.', 0.9961857, 1)
("The Yellowstone River rises on the continental divide near Younts Peak in Wyoming's Teton Wilderness. It flows north through Yellowstone National Park, enters Montana near Gardiner, and passes through the Paradise Valley to Livingston. It then flows northeasterly across the state through Billings, Miles City, Glendive, and Sidney. The Yellowstone joins the Missouri in North Dakota just east of Fort Union. It is the longest undammed, free-flowing river in the contiguous United States, and drains about a quarter of Montana (36,000 square miles (93,000 km2)).", " The Yellowstone River originates at Younts Peak on the continental divide in Wyoming's Teton Wilderness. It flows northward through Yellowstone National Park, enters Montana at Gardiner, and continues through Paradise Valley towards Livingston. Subsequently, it flows northeastward across the state through Billings, Miles City, Glendive, and Sidney. The Yellowstone joins the Missouri River in North Dakota to the east of Fort Union. It is the longest undammed, free-flowing river in the contiguous United States (93,000 km²), and contributes approximately a quarter of Montana (36,000 square miles).", 0.9961925, 1)
('Beyoncé has received praise for her stage presence and voice during live performances. Jarett Wieselman of the New York Post placed her at number one on her list of the Five Best Singer/Dancers. According to Barbara Ellen of The Guardian Beyoncé is the most in-charge female artist she\'s seen onstage, while Alice Jones of The Independent wrote she "takes her role as entertainer so seriously she\'s almost too good." The ex-President of Def Jam L.A. Reid has described Beyoncé as the greatest entertainer alive. Jim Farber of the Daily News and Stephanie Classen of Star Phoenix both praised her strong voice and her stage presence.', " Beyoncé received praise for her stage presence and voice during live performances. Jarett Wieselman of the New York Post placed her at number one on his list of the Five Best Singer/Dancers. According to Barbara Ellen of The Guardian, Beyoncé is the most in-charge female artist she's ever seen onstage. Alice Jones of The Independent wrote she takes her role as entertainer so seriously she's almost too good. The former president of Def Jam L.A. Reid described Beyoncé as the greatest entertainer alive. Jim Farber of the Daily News and Stephanie Classen of Star Phoenix both praised her strong voice and her stage presence.", 0.9962822, 1)
('During the last three decades of the 19th century a proliferation of anthropological societies and associations occurred, most independent, most publishing their own journals, and all international in membership and association. The major theorists belonged to these organizations. They supported the gradual osmosis of anthropology curricula into the major institutions of higher learning. By 1898 the American Association for the Advancement of Science was able to report that 48 educational institutions in 13 countries had some curriculum in anthropology. None of the 75 faculty members were under a department named anthropology.', ' In the last three decades of the 19th century, there was a proliferation of anthropological societies and associations, most independent, most publishing their own journals, and all international in membership and association. The major theorists belonged to these organizations. They supported the gradual infiltration of anthropology curricula into the major institutions of higher learning. By 1898, the American Association for the Advancement of Science was able to report that 48 educational institutions in 13 countries had some curriculum in anthropology. None of the 75 faculty members were under a department named anthropology.', 0.99628234, 1)
('Solar hot water systems use sunlight to heat water. In low geographical latitudes (below 40 degrees) from 60 to 70% of the domestic hot water use with temperatures up to 60 °C can be provided by solar heating systems. The most common types of solar water heaters are evacuated tube collectors (44%) and glazed flat plate collectors (34%) generally used for domestic hot water; and unglazed plastic collectors (21%) used mainly to heat swimming pools.', ' Solar hot water systems utilize sunlight to heat water. In low geographical latitudes (below 40 degrees), 60 to 70% of domestic hot water usage with temperatures up to 60 °C can be met by solar heating systems. The most common types of solar water heaters are evacuated tube collectors (44%) and glazed flat plate collectors (34%), which are primarily used for domestic hot water; and unglazed plastic collectors (21%), mainly used to heat swimming pools.', 0.9962874, 1)
("Besides its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is also a large, four-year, highly residential research University, and is consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States  and as a major global university. The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges (Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business) and the Architecture School. The latter is known for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally renowned annual Driehaus Architecture Prize. Notre Dame's graduate program has more than 50 master's, doctoral and professional degree programs offered by the five schools, with the addition of the Notre Dame Law School and a MD-PhD program offered in combination with IU medical School. It maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art. Over 80% of the university's 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 single-sex residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events and intramural sports teams. The university counts approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U.S. colleges.", 'Besides being known for its prominence in sports, Notre Dame is a large, four-year, residential research University, consistently ranked among the top twenty universities in the United States and as a major global university. The undergraduate component of the university is organized into four colleges: Arts and Letters, Science, Engineering, Business, and the Architecture School. The Architecture School is renowned for teaching New Classical Architecture and for awarding the globally recognized annual Driehaus Architecture Prize. Notre Dame\'s graduate program offers over 50 masters, doctoral, and professional degree programs through its five schools, including the Notre Dame Law School and an MD-PhD program in collaboration with IU medical School. The university maintains a system of libraries, cultural venues, artistic and scientific museums, including Hesburgh Library and the Snite Museum of Art. Over 80% of the university\'s 8,000 undergraduates live on campus in one of 29 co-educational residence halls, each with its own traditions, legacies, events, and intramural sports teams. The university has approximately 120,000 alumni, considered among the strongest alumni networks among U.S. colleges. (Note: I assumed that "geslachtsgemengde" is the correct Dutch term for "co-educational" based on context, but please double-check if necessary.)', 0.9962943, 1)
('When Link enters the Twilight Realm, the void that corrupts parts of Hyrule, he transforms into a wolf.[h] He is eventually able to transform between his Hylian and wolf forms at will. As a wolf, Link loses the ability to use his sword, shield, or any secondary items; he instead attacks by biting, and defends primarily by dodging attacks. However, "Wolf Link" gains several key advantages in return—he moves faster than he does as a human (though riding Epona is still faster) and digs holes to create new passages and uncover buried items, and has improved senses, including the ability to follow scent trails.[i] He also carries Midna, a small imp-like creature who gives him hints, uses an energy field to attack enemies, helps him jump long distances, and eventually allows Link to "warp" to any of several preset locations throughout the overworld.[j] Using Link\'s wolf senses, the player can see and listen to the wandering spirits of those affected by the Twilight, as well as hunt for enemy ghosts named Poes.[k]', ' When Link enters the Twilight Realm, the void that corrupts parts of Hyrule, he transforms into a wolf. He is eventually able to transform between his Hylian and wolf forms at will. As a wolf, Link loses the ability to use his sword, shield, or any secondary items. Instead, he attacks by biting, and defends primarily by dodging attacks. However, Wolf Link gains several key advantages in return—he moves faster than he does as a human (though riding Epona is still faster), and digs holes to create new passages and uncover buried items. He also carries Midna, a small imp-like creature who gives him hints, uses an energy field to attack enemies, helps him jump long distances, and eventually allows Link to "warp" to any of several preset locations throughout the overworld. With Link\'s wolf senses, the player can see and hear the wandering spirits of those affected by the Twilight, as well as hunt for enemy ghosts named Poes.', 0.99629927, 1)
('The iPod line can play several audio file formats including MP3, AAC/M4A, Protected AAC, AIFF, WAV, Audible audiobook, and Apple Lossless. The iPod photo introduced the ability to display JPEG, BMP, GIF, TIFF, and PNG image file formats. Fifth and sixth generation iPod Classics, as well as third generation iPod Nanos, can additionally play MPEG-4 (H.264/MPEG-4 AVC) and QuickTime video formats, with restrictions on video dimensions, encoding techniques and data-rates. Originally, iPod software only worked with Mac OS; iPod software for Microsoft Windows was launched with the second generation model. Unlike most other media players, Apple does not support Microsoft\'s WMA audio format—but a converter for WMA files without Digital Rights Management (DRM) is provided with the Windows version of iTunes. MIDI files also cannot be played, but can be converted to audio files using the "Advanced" menu in iTunes. Alternative open-source audio formats, such as Ogg Vorbis and FLAC, are not supported without installing custom firmware onto an iPod (e.g., Rockbox).', ' The iPod series can play various audio file formats, including MP3, AAC/M4A, protected AAC, AIFF, WAV, Audible audiobooks, and Apple Lossless. The iPod photo introduced the ability to display JPEG, BMP, GIF, TIFF, and PNG image file formats. The fifth and sixth generation iPod Classic, as well as the third generation iPod Nano, can further play MPEG-4 (H.264/MPEG-4 AVC) and QuickTime video formats, under limitations regarding video sizes, encoding techniques, and data rates. Initially, iPod software only worked with Mac OS; the second generation iPod software for Microsoft Windows was launched. Unlike most other media players, Apple does not support WMA audio files from Microsoft—but a converter for WMA files without Digital Rights Management (DRM) is included with the Windows version of iTunes. MIDI files cannot be played but can be converted into audio files through the "Advanced" menu in iTunes. Open-source audio file formats, such as Ogg Vorbis and FLAC, are not supported without installing custom firmware on an iPod (for example, Rockbox).', 0.99630207, 1)
("Solar chemical processes use solar energy to drive chemical reactions. These processes offset energy that would otherwise come from a fossil fuel source and can also convert solar energy into storable and transportable fuels. Solar induced chemical reactions can be divided into thermochemical or photochemical. A variety of fuels can be produced by artificial photosynthesis. The multielectron catalytic chemistry involved in making carbon-based fuels (such as methanol) from reduction of carbon dioxide is challenging; a feasible alternative is hydrogen production from protons, though use of water as the source of electrons (as plants do) requires mastering the multielectron oxidation of two water molecules to molecular oxygen. Some have envisaged working solar fuel plants in coastal metropolitan areas by 2050 –  the splitting of sea water providing hydrogen to be run through adjacent fuel-cell electric power plants and the pure water by-product going directly into the municipal water system. Another vision involves all human structures covering the earth's surface (i.e., roads, vehicles and buildings) doing photosynthesis more efficiently than plants.", " Solar chemical processes use solar energy to drive chemical reactions. These processes offset energy that would otherwise come from a fossil fuel source and can also convert solar energy into storable and transportable fuels. Solar-induced chemical reactions can be divided into thermochemical or photochemical. A variety of fuels can be produced by artificial photosynthesis. The multielectron catalytic chemistry involved in making carbon-based fuels (such as methanol) from reduction of carbon dioxide is challenging; a feasible alternative is hydrogen production from protons. However, using water as the source of electrons requires mastering the multielectron oxidation of two water molecules to molecular oxygen. Some envision solar fuel plants in coastal metropolitan areas by 2050 – the splitting of seawater providing hydrogen to be run through adjacent fuel-cell electric power plants and the pure water by-product going directly into the municipal water system. Another vision involves all human structures covering the earth's surface (i.e., roads, vehicles and buildings) doing photosynthesis more efficiently than plants.", 0.99630576, 1)
('The Stonewall riots were a series of spontaneous, violent demonstrations by members of the gay community against a police raid that took place in the early morning hours of June 28, 1969, at the Stonewall Inn in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Lower Manhattan. They are widely considered to constitute the single most important event leading to the gay liberation movement and the modern fight for LGBT rights in the United States.', ' The Stonewall riots were a series of spontaneous, violent demonstrations by members of the gay community against a police raid that took place in the early morning hours of June 28, 1969, at the Stonewall Inn in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Lower Manhattan. They are widely regarded as the most important event leading to the gay liberation movement and the modern fight for LGBT rights in the United States.', 0.99634004, 1)
('The first degrees from the college were awarded in 1849. The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and faculty. With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings built to accommodate them. The original Main Building built by Sorin just after he arrived was replaced by a larger "Main Building" in 1865, which housed the university\'s administration, classrooms, and dormitories. Beginning in 1873, a library collection was started by Father Lemonnier. By 1879 it had grown to ten thousand volumes that were housed in the Main Building.', ' The first degree conferment at the college took place in 1849. The university was expanded with new buildings to accommodate more students and staff. With each new president, new academic programs were offered and new buildings were constructed to house them. The original Main Building, built by Sorin upon his arrival in 1856, was replaced in 1865 by a larger "Main Building" that housed the university administration, classrooms, and student housing. Starting in 1873, Father Lemonnier began a library collection. By 1879, it had grown to ten thousand volumes and was housed in the Main Building.', 0.99634117, 1)
("The earthquake left at least 5 million people without housing, although the number could be as high as 11 million. Millions of livestock and a significant amount of agriculture were also destroyed, including 12.5 million animals, mainly birds. In the Sichuan province a million pigs died out of 60 million total. Catastrophe modeling firm AIR Worldwide reported official estimates of insurers' losses at US$1 billion from the earthquake; estimated total damages exceed US$20 billion. It values Chengdu, at the time having an urban population of 4.5 million people, at around US$115 billion, with only a small portion covered by insurance.", " The earthquake left at least 5 million people without housing. The number could be as high as 11 million. Millions of livestock were also destroyed, including 12.5 million animals, mainly birds. In the Sichuan province, one million pigs died out of 60 million in total. Catastrophe modeling firm AIR Worldwide reported official estimates of insurers' losses at US$1 billion from the earthquake. Estimated total damages exceed US$20 billion. Chengdu, with a urban population of 4.5 million people at the time, was estimated to be worth around US$115 billion, with only a small portion covered by insurance.", 0.99634576, 1)
('Some authors argue that anthropology originated and developed as the study of "other cultures", both in terms of time (past societies) and space (non-European/non-Western societies). For example, the classic of urban anthropology, Ulf Hannerz in the introduction to his seminal Exploring the City: Inquiries Toward an Urban Anthropology mentions that the "Third World" had habitually received most of attention; anthropologists who traditionally specialized in "other cultures" looked for them far away and started to look "across the tracks" only in late 1960s.', ' Some authors believe that anthropology originated and developed as the study of "other cultures," in terms of time (past societies) and space (non-European/non-Western societies). For example, the classic of urban anthropology, Ulf Hannerz, in the introduction to his seminal Exploring the City: Inquiries Toward an Urban Anthropology mentions that the "Third World" had received most of the attention; anthropologists who traditionally specialized in "other cultures" looked for them far away and started to look "across the tracks" only in the late 1960s.', 0.9963789, 1)
('According to R. J. Rummel, genocide has 3 different meanings. The ordinary meaning is murder by government of people due to their national, ethnic, racial, or religious group membership. The legal meaning of genocide refers to the international treaty, the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide. This also includes non-killings that in the end eliminate the group, such as preventing births or forcibly transferring children out of the group to another group. A generalized meaning of genocide is similar to the ordinary meaning but also includes government killings of political opponents or otherwise intentional murder. It is to avoid confusion regarding what meaning is intended that Rummel created the term democide for the third meaning.', 'According to R. J. Rummel, genocide has three different meanings. The ordinary meaning is murder by government of people due to their national, ethnic, racial, or religious group membership. The legal meaning of genocide refers to the international treaty, the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide. This also includes non-killings that in the end eliminate the group, such as preventing births or forcibly transferring children out of the group to another group. A generalized meaning of genocide is similar to the ordinary meaning but also includes government killings of political opponents or otherwise intentional murder. It is to avoid confusion regarding what meaning is intended that Rummel created the term democide for the third meaning.(Note: The Dutch language does not have a direct translation for the term "democide," so it was left untranslated in the Dutch version.)Translation:According to R. J. Rummel, genocide has three different meanings. The ordinary meaning is government\'s murder of people based on their national, ethnic, racial, or religious group membership. The legal meaning of genocide refers to the international treaty, the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide. This also includes actions that eliminate the group without killing them, such as preventing births or forcibly transferring children from one group to another. A broader meaning of genocide is similar to the ordinary meaning but also includes government killings of political opponents or intentional murder. To avoid confusion about which meaning is intended, Rummel coined the term "democide" for the third meaning.(Note: The Dutch language does not have a direct translation for the term "democide," so it was left untranslated in the Dutch version.)', 0.99638593, 1)
('iPods have been criticized for alleged short life-span and fragile hard drives. A 2005 survey conducted on the MacInTouch website found that the iPod line had an average failure rate of 13.7% (although they note that comments from respondents indicate that "the true iPod failure rate may be lower than it appears"). It concluded that some models were more durable than others. In particular, failure rates for iPods employing hard drives was usually above 20% while those with flash memory had a failure rate below 10%. In late 2005, many users complained that the surface of the first generation iPod Nano can become scratched easily, rendering the screen unusable. A class action lawsuit was also filed. Apple initially considered the issue a minor defect, but later began shipping these iPods with protective sleeves.[citation needed]', ' iPods have been criticized for alleged short lifespan and fragile hard drives. A survey conducted in 2005 on the MacInTouch website found that the average failure rate of the iPod line was 13.7%. However, they note that comments from respondents suggest that "the true iPod failure rate may be lower than it appears". It concluded that some models were more durable than others. In particular, failure rates for iPods using hard drives were usually above 20%, while those with flash memory had a failure rate below 10%. In late 2005, many users complained that the surface of the first generation iPod Nano scratched easily, making the screen unusable. A class action lawsuit was also filed. Apple initially considered the issue a minor defect, but later began shipping these iPods with protective sleeves. [Citation needed]].Translation: iPods have been criticized for having a short lifespan and fragile hard drives. A survey conducted on the MacInTouch website in 2005 found that the average failure rate of all iPod models was 13.7%. However, the respondents\' comments indicated that "the true iPod failure rate may be lower than it appears". The survey concluded that some models were more durable than others. Specifically, the failure rates for iPods using hard drives were typically above 20%, while those with flash memory had a failure rate below 10%. In late 2005, many users reported that the surface of the first generation iPod Nano scratched easily, rendering the screen unusable. A class action lawsuit was filed. Initially, Apple viewed this as a minor defect, but later began shipping these iPods with protective sleeves. [Citation needed]', 0.99639255, 1)
("The team worked on a Wii control scheme, adapting camera control and the fighting mechanics to the new interface. A prototype was created that used a swinging gesture to control the sword from a first-person viewpoint, but was unable to show the variety of Link's movements. When the third-person view was restored, Aonuma thought it felt strange to swing the Wii Remote with the right hand to control the sword in Link's left hand, so the entire Wii version map was mirrored.[p] Details about Wii controls began to surface in December 2005 when British publication NGC Magazine claimed that when a GameCube copy of Twilight Princess was played on the Revolution, it would give the player the option of using the Revolution controller. Miyamoto confirmed the Revolution controller-functionality in an interview with Nintendo of Europe and Time reported this soon after. However, support for the Wii controller did not make it into the GameCube release. At E3 2006, Nintendo announced that both versions would be available at the Wii launch, and had a playable version of Twilight Princess for the Wii.[p] Later, the GameCube release was pushed back to a month after the launch of the Wii.", " The team worked on a Wii control scheme, adapting camera control and fighting mechanics to the new interface. A prototype was made that used a swinging gesture to control the sword from a first-person viewpoint, but could not demonstrate the variety of Link's movements. When the third-person view was restored, Aonuma thought it felt strange to swing the Wii Remote with the right hand to control the sword in Link's left hand, so the entire Wii version concept was mirrored. Details about Wii controls started to emerge in December 2005 when the British publication NGC Magazine claimed that playing a GameCube copy of Twilight Princess on the Revolution would give the player the option of using the Revolution controller. Miyamoto confirmed the Revolution controller-functionality in an interview with Nintendo of Europe, and Time reported this shortly after. However, support for the Wii controller did not make it into the GameCube release. At E3 2006, Nintendo announced that both versions would be available at the Wii launch, and had a playable version of Twilight Princess for the Wii ready. Later, the GameCube release was delayed by a month after the Wii launch.", 0.9963965, 1)
("New York City is located on one of the world's largest natural harbors, and the boroughs of Manhattan and Staten Island are (primarily) coterminous with islands of the same names, while Queens and Brooklyn are located at the west end of the larger Long Island, and The Bronx is located at the southern tip of New York State's mainland. This situation of boroughs separated by water led to the development of an extensive infrastructure of bridges and tunnels. Nearly all of the city's major bridges and tunnels are notable, and several have broken or set records.", " New York City is located on one of the world's largest natural harbors. The boroughs of Manhattan and Staten Island (primarily) correspond to islands of the same names, while Queens and Brooklyn are located at the west end of the larger Long Island, and The Bronx is located at the southern tip of New York State's mainland. This fact of boroughs being separated by water led to the development of an extensive infrastructure of bridges and tunnels. Nearly all of the city's major bridges and tunnels are notable, and several have broken or set records.", 0.9964355, 1)
('The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools. The main building is the 14-story Theodore M. Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books. The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets. This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus\' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown.', ' The university library system is divided between the main building and each of the colleges and schools. The main building is the 14-story Theodore M. Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books. The library\'s exterior is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets. This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus arms appearing to make the touchdown signal.', 0.9965057, 1)
('Following the earthquake, donations were made by people from all over mainland China, with booths set up in schools, at banks, and around gas stations. People also donated blood, resulting in according to Xinhua long line-ups in most major Chinese cities. Many donated through text messaging on mobile phones to accounts set up by China Unicom and China Mobile By May 16, the Chinese government had allocated a total of $772 million for earthquake relief so far, up sharply from $159 million from May 14.', ' After the earthquake, donations were made by people all over mainland China. Booths were set up in schools, at banks, and around gas stations. People also donated blood, resulting in long queues in most major Chinese cities, according to Xinhua. Many donated through text messaging on mobile phones to accounts set up by China Unicom and China Mobile. By May 16, the Chinese government had allocated a total of $772 million for earthquake relief so far, up sharply from $159 million from May 14.', 0.9965344, 1)
("Mendes revealed that production would begin on 8 December 2014 at Pinewood Studios, with filming taking seven months. Mendes also confirmed several filming locations, including London, Mexico City and Rome. Van Hoytema shot the film on Kodak 35 mm film stock. Early filming took place at Pinewood Studios, and around London, with scenes variously featuring Craig and Harris at Bond's flat, and Craig and Kinnear travelling down the River Thames.", "Mendes revealed that production would begin on 8 December 2014 at Pinewood Studios, with filming taking seven months. Mendes also confirmed several filming locations, including London, Mexico City and Rome. Van Hoytema shot the film on Kodak 35 mm film stock. The first filming took place at Pinewood Studios and around London. Scenes featuring Craig and Harris were filmed in Bond's flat, and Craig and Kinnear travelled down the River Thames.", 0.996538, 1)
('A self-described "modern-day feminist", Beyoncé creates songs that are often characterized by themes of love, relationships, and monogamy, as well as female sexuality and empowerment. On stage, her dynamic, highly choreographed performances have led to critics hailing her as one of the best entertainers in contemporary popular music. Throughout a career spanning 19 years, she has sold over 118 million records as a solo artist, and a further 60 million with Destiny\'s Child, making her one of the best-selling music artists of all time. She has won 20 Grammy Awards and is the most nominated woman in the award\'s history. The Recording Industry Association of America recognized her as the Top Certified Artist in America during the 2000s decade. In 2009, Billboard named her the Top Radio Songs Artist of the Decade, the Top Female Artist of the 2000s and their Artist of the Millennium in 2011. Time listed her among the 100 most influential people in the world in 2013 and 2014. Forbes magazine also listed her as the most powerful female musician of 2015.', ' [A self-proclaimed "modern-day feminist," Beyoncé creates songs that often deal with themes of love, relationships, monogamy, female sexuality and empowerment. On stage, her dynamic, highly choreographed performances have led critics to consider her one of the best entertainers in contemporary popular music. In a career spanning 19 years, she has sold over 118 million records as a solo artist and another 60 million with Destinys Child, making her one of the best-selling music artists of all time. She has won 20 Grammy Awards and is the most nominated woman in the history of these awards. The Recording Industry Association of America recognized her as the Top Certified Artist in America during the 2000s decade. In 2009, Billboard named her the Top Radio Songs Artist of the Decade, the Top Female Artist of the 2000s and their Artist of the Millennium in 2011. Time listed her among the 100 most influential people in the world in 2013 and 2014. Forbes magazine also listed her as the most powerful female musician of 2015.]', 0.99658716, 1)
("Manhattan Island is linked to New York City's outer boroughs and New Jersey by several tunnels as well. The Lincoln Tunnel, which carries 120,000 vehicles a day under the Hudson River between New Jersey and Midtown Manhattan, is the busiest vehicular tunnel in the world. The tunnel was built instead of a bridge to allow unfettered passage of large passenger and cargo ships that sailed through New York Harbor and up the Hudson River to Manhattan's piers. The Holland Tunnel, connecting Lower Manhattan to Jersey City, New Jersey, was the world's first mechanically ventilated vehicular tunnel when it opened in 1927. The Queens-Midtown Tunnel, built to relieve congestion on the bridges connecting Manhattan with Queens and Brooklyn, was the largest non-federal project in its time when it was completed in 1940. President Franklin D. Roosevelt was the first person to drive through it. The Hugh L. Carey Tunnel runs underneath Battery Park and connects the Financial District at the southern tip of Manhattan to Red Hook in Brooklyn.", " Manhattan Island is connected to New York City's outlying parts and New Jersey through several tunnels. The Lincoln Tunnel, which carries approximately 120,000 vehicles per day under the Hudson River between New Jersey and Midtown Manhattan, is the busiest vehicular tunnel in the world. The tunnel was built instead of a bridge to ensure unobstructed passage of large passenger and cargo ships that sailed through New York Harbor and up the Hudson River to Manhattan's piers. The Holland Tunnel, which connects Lower Manhattan with Jersey City, New Jersey, was the first mechanically ventilated vehicular tunnel in the world when it opened in 1927. The Queens-Midtown Tunnel, built to alleviate congestion on the bridges linking Manhattan with Queens and Brooklyn, was the largest non-federal project at the time when it was completed in 1940. President Franklin D. Roosevelt was the first person to pass through it. The Hugh L. Carey Tunnel runs under Battery Park and connects the Financial District at the southern tip of Manhattan with Red Hook in Brooklyn.", 0.99660766, 1)
('In 2015 Beyoncé signed an open letter which the ONE Campaign had been collecting signatures for; the letter was addressed to Angela Merkel and Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, urging them to focus on women as they serve as the head of the G7 in Germany and the AU in South Africa respectively, which will start to set the priorities in development funding before a main UN summit in September 2015 that will establish new development goals for the generation.', ' In 2015, Beyoncé signed an open letter that the ONE Campaign had been collecting signatures for. The letter was addressed to Angela Merkel and Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, urging them to focus on women as they respectively led the G7 in Germany and the AU in South Africa. Since they would determine the priorities in development funding before a major UN summit in September 2015 that would establish new development goals for the generation.', 0.9966109, 1)
("The annual United States Open Tennis Championships is one of the world's four Grand Slam tennis tournaments and is held at the National Tennis Center in Flushing Meadows-Corona Park, Queens. The New York Marathon is one of the world's largest, and the 2004–2006 events hold the top three places in the marathons with the largest number of finishers, including 37,866 finishers in 2006. The Millrose Games is an annual track and field meet whose featured event is the Wanamaker Mile. Boxing is also a prominent part of the city's sporting scene, with events like the Amateur Boxing Golden Gloves being held at Madison Square Garden each year. The city is also considered the host of the Belmont Stakes, the last, longest and oldest of horse racing's Triple Crown races, held just over the city's border at Belmont Park on the first or second Sunday of June. The city also hosted the 1932 U.S. Open golf tournament and the 1930 and 1939 PGA Championships, and has been host city for both events several times, most notably for nearby Winged Foot Golf Club.", " The annual US Open Tennis Tournament of the United States is one of the four worldwide Grand Slam tennis tournaments and takes place at the National Tennis Center in Flushing Meadows-Corona Park, Queens. The New York Marathon is one of the largest, and the 2004–2006 editions held the top three places in marathons with the most finishers, including 37,866 finishers in 2006. The Millrose Games is an annual track and field meeting with the main event being the Wanamaker Mile. Boxing is also an important part of the city's sports scene, with events such as the Amateur Boxing Golden Gloves taking place every year in Madison Square Garden. The city is also the host city for the Belmont Stakes, the last, longest, and oldest triple crown horse race event, which takes place every year at Belmont Park outside the city limits on the first or second Sunday of June. The city was also the host city for the 1932 US Open golf tournament and the 1930 and 1939 PGA championships, and has been the host city for both events multiple times, particularly for Winged Foot Golf Club in the vicinity.", 0.99662554, 1)
('The iconic New York City Subway system is the largest rapid transit system in the world when measured by stations in operation, with 469, and by length of routes. New York\'s subway is notable for nearly the entire system remaining open 24 hours a day, in contrast to the overnight shutdown common to systems in most cities, including Hong Kong, London, Paris, Seoul, and Tokyo. The New York City Subway is also the busiest metropolitan rail transit system in the Western Hemisphere, with 1.75 billion passengers rides in 2014, while Grand Central Terminal, also popularly referred to as "Grand Central Station", is the world\'s largest railway station by number of train platforms.', ' The iconic New York City Subway system is the largest rapid transit system in the world in terms of the number of operational stations, with 469, and the length of routes. New York\'s subway is noteworthy for most of it remaining open 24 hours a day, in contrast to the overnight shutdown common to systems in most cities, including Hong Kong, London, Paris, Seoul, and Tokyo. The New York City Subway is also the busiest metropolitan rail transit system in the Western Hemisphere, with 1.75 billion passenger rides in 2014. Grand Central Terminal, also known as "Grand Central Station," is the largest railway station in the world in terms of the number of train platforms.', 0.9966336, 1)
('The British Library notes that "Chopin\'s works have been recorded by all the great pianists of the recording era." The earliest recording was an 1895 performance by Paul Pabst of the Nocturne in E major Op. 62 No. 2. The British Library site makes available a number of historic recordings, including some by Alfred Cortot, Ignaz Friedman, Vladimir Horowitz, Benno Moiseiwitsch, Paderewski, Arthur Rubinstein, Xaver Scharwenka and many others. A select discography of recordings of Chopin works by pianists representing the various pedagogic traditions stemming from Chopin is given by Methuen-Campbell in his work tracing the lineage and character of those traditions.', " The British Library states that Chopin's works have been recorded by all the great pianists of the recording era. The earliest recording was a 1895 performance by Paul Pabst of the Nocturne in E major Op. 62 No. 2. The British Library site makes available a number of historic recordings, including some by Alfred Cortot, Ignaz Friedman, Vladimir Horowitz, Benno Moiseiwitsch, Paderewski and Arthur Rubinstein. A select discography of recordings of Chopin works by pianists representing the various pedagogic traditions stemming from Chopin is given by Methuen-Campbell in his work tracing the lineage and character of those traditions.", 0.99663436, 1)
('Chopin\'s original publishers included Maurice Schlesinger and Camille Pleyel. His works soon began to appear in popular 19th-century piano anthologies. The first collected edition was by Breitkopf & Härtel (1878–1902). Among modern scholarly editions of Chopin\'s works are the version under the name of Paderewski published between 1937 and 1966 and the more recent Polish "National Edition", edited by Jan Ekier, both of which contain detailed explanations and discussions regarding choices and sources.', ' Chopin\'s original publishers were Maurice Schlesinger and Camille Pleyel. His works soon started appearing in popular 19th-century piano anthologies. The first collected edition was by Breitkopf & Härtel (1878–1902). Among modern scholarly editions of Chopin\'s works are the one under the name of Paderewski, published between 1937 and 1966, and the more recent Polish "National Edition", edited by Jan Ekier, both of which contain detailed explanations and discussions regarding choices and sources.', 0.99665177, 1)
("Portugal is a significant European minerals producer and is ranked among Europe's leading copper producers. The nation is also a notable producer of tin, tungsten and uranium. However, the country lacks the potential to conduct hydrocarbon exploration and aluminium, a limitation that has hindered the development of Portugal's mining and metallurgy sectors. Although the country has vast iron and coal reserves—mainly in the north—after the 1974 revolution and the consequent economic globalization, low competitiveness forced a decrease in the extraction activity for these minerals. The Panasqueira and Neves-Corvo mines are among the most recognised Portuguese mines that are still in operation.[citation needed]", " Portugal is a significant European minerals producer and is ranked among Europe's leading copper producers. The country is also a notable producer of tin, tungsten and uranium. However, the country lacks the potential for hydrocarbon exploration and aluminium, a limitation that has hindered the development of Portugal's mining and metallurgy sectors. Despite having vast iron and coal reserves – mainly in the north – after the 1974 revolution and the subsequent economic globalization, low competitiveness led to a decrease in the extraction activity for these minerals. The Panasqueira and Neves-Corvo mines are among the most recognized Portuguese mines that are still in operation. [Citation needed].]Translation: Portugal is a significant European minerals producer and is ranked among Europe's leading copper producers. The country is also a notable producer of tin, tungsten and uranium. However, Portugal lacks the potential for hydrocarbon exploration and aluminium, a limitation that has hindered the development of Portugal's mining and metallurgy sectors. Despite having vast iron and coal reserves – mainly in the north – after the 1974 revolution and the subsequent economic globalization, low competitiveness led to a decrease in the extraction activity for these minerals. The Panasqueira and Neves-Corvo mines are among the most recognized Portuguese mines that are still in operation. [Citation needed]", 0.99668, 1)
('Apple announced a battery replacement program on November 14, 2003, a week before a high publicity stunt and website by the Neistat Brothers. The initial cost was US$99, and it was lowered to US$59 in 2005. One week later, Apple offered an extended iPod warranty for US$59. For the iPod Nano, soldering tools are needed because the battery is soldered onto the main board. Fifth generation iPods have their battery attached to the backplate with adhesive.', " Apple announced a battery replacement program on November 14, 2003, a week before the Neistat Brothers' high publicity stunt and website. The initial cost was $99, and it was lowered to $59 in 2005. One week later, Apple offered an extended iPod warranty for $59. For the iPod Nano, soldering tools are required because the battery is soldered onto the main board. Fifth generation iPods have their battery attached to the backplate with adhesive.", 0.99668133, 1)
("Mozart's Requiem was sung at the funeral; the soloists were the soprano Jeanne-Anais Castellan, the mezzo-soprano Pauline Viardot, the tenor Alexis Dupont, and the bass Luigi Lablache; Chopin's Preludes No. 4 in E minor and No. 6 in B minor were also played. The organist at the funeral was Louis Lefébure-Wély. The funeral procession to Père Lachaise Cemetery, which included Chopin's sister Ludwika, was led by the aged Prince Adam Czartoryski. The pallbearers included Delacroix, Franchomme, and Camille Pleyel. At the graveside, the Funeral March from Chopin's Piano Sonata No. 2 was played, in Reber's instrumentation.", "Mozart's Requiem was sung at the funeral; the soloists were the soprano Jeanne-Anais Castellan, the mezzo-soprano Pauline Viardot, the tenor Alexis Dupont, and the bass Luigi Lablache; Chopin's Preludes No. 4 in E minor and No. 6 in B minor were played. The organ player at the funeral was Louis Lefébure-Wély. The funeral procession to Père Lachaise Cemetery, led by Chopin's sister Ludwika, was presented by the old Prince Adam Czartoryski. The pallbearers included Delacroix, Franchomme, and Camille Pleyel. Chopin's Funeral March from Piano Sonata No. 2 in Rebers' arrangement was played at the grave.", 0.99668705, 1)
('In October 2014, Beyoncé signed a deal to launch an activewear line of clothing with British fashion retailer Topshop. The 50-50 venture is called Parkwood Topshop Athletic Ltd and is scheduled to launch its first dance, fitness and sports ranges in autumn 2015. The line will launch in April 2016.', ' In October 2014, Beyoncé signed a deal to launch an activewear clothing line with the British fashion retailer Topshop. The 50-50 joint venture is named Parkwood Topshop Athletic Ltd and is planned to release its first dance, fitness, and sport collections in fall 2015. The line will debut in April 2016.', 0.9966927, 1)
('New York became the most populous urbanized area in the world in the early 1920s, overtaking London. The metropolitan area surpassed the 10 million mark in the early 1930s, becoming the first megacity in human history. The difficult years of the Great Depression saw the election of reformer Fiorello La Guardia as mayor and the fall of Tammany Hall after eighty years of political dominance.', ' New York became the most populous urbanized area in the world in the early 1920s, surpassing London. The metropolitan area reached the 10 million mark in the early 1930s, becoming the first megacity in human history. The difficult years of the Great Depression saw the election of reformer Fiorello La Guardia as mayor and the fall of Tammany Hall after eighty years of political dominance.', 0.9967065, 1)
("Chopin's music was used in the 1909 ballet Chopiniana, choreographed by Michel Fokine and orchestrated by Alexander Glazunov. Sergei Diaghilev commissioned additional orchestrations—from Stravinsky, Anatoly Lyadov, Sergei Taneyev and Nikolai Tcherepnin—for later productions, which used the title Les Sylphides.", 'Chopin\'s music was used in the 1909 ballet "Chopiniana," choreographed by Michel Fokine and orchestrated by Alexander Glazunov. Sergei Diaghilev commissioned additional orchestrations – from Stravinsky, Anatoli Lyadov, Sergei Taneyev, and Nikolai Tcherepnin – for later productions, which used the title "Les Sylphides."', 0.9967181, 1)
('On December 13, 2013, Beyoncé unexpectedly released her eponymous fifth studio album on the iTunes Store without any prior announcement or promotion. The album debuted atop the Billboard 200 chart, giving Beyoncé her fifth consecutive number-one album in the US. This made her the first woman in the chart\'s history to have her first five studio albums debut at number one. Beyoncé received critical acclaim and commercial success, selling one million digital copies worldwide in six days; The New York Times noted the album\'s unconventional, unexpected release as significant. Musically an electro-R&B album, it concerns darker themes previously unexplored in her work, such as "bulimia, postnatal depression [and] the fears and insecurities of marriage and motherhood". The single "Drunk in Love", featuring Jay Z, peaked at number two on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. In April 2014, after much speculation in the weeks before, Beyoncé and Jay Z officially announced their On the Run Tour. It served as the couple\'s first co-headlining stadium tour together. On August 24, 2014, she received the Video Vanguard Award at the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards. Knowles also took home three competitive awards: Best Video with a Social Message and Best Cinematography for "Pretty Hurts", as well as best collaboration for "Drunk in Love". In November, Forbes reported that Beyoncé was the top-earning woman in music for the second year in a row—earning $115 million in the year, more than double her earnings in 2013. Beyoncé was reissued with new material in three forms: as an extended play, a box set, as well as a full platinum edition.', ' On December 13, 2013, Beyoncé unexpectedly released her fifth studio album, with the same name, on the iTunes Store without any prior announcement or promotion. The album debuted at the top of the Billboard 200 chart, giving Beyoncé her fifth consecutive number-one album in the US. She was the first woman in the charts history to have her first five studio albums debut at number one. Beyoncé received critical acclaim and commercial success, selling one million digital copies worldwide in six days. The New York Times noted the album\'s unconventional, unexpected release as significant. Musically, it is an electro-R&B album that deals with darker themes previously unexplored in her work, such as "bulimia, postnatal depression [and] the fears and insecurities of marriage and motherhood". The single "Drunk in Love", featuring Jay Z, reached the second place on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. In April 2014, Beyoncé and Jay Z officially announced their On the Run Tour. It served as their first co-headlining stadium tour together. On August 24, 2014, she received the Video Vanguard Award at the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards. Knowles also took home three competitive awards: Best Video with a Social Message and Best Cinematography for "Pretty Hurts", as well as best collaboration for "Drunk in Love". In November, Forbes reported that Beyoncé was the top-earning woman in music for the second year in a row—earning $115 million in the year, more than double her earnings in 2013. Beyoncé was reissued with new material in three forms: as an extended play, a box set, as well as a full platinum edition.', 0.99676853, 1)
('Spectre was released on 26 October 2015 in the United Kingdom on the same night as the world premiere at the Royal Albert Hall in London, followed by a worldwide release. It was released in the United States on 6 November 2015. It became the second James Bond film to be screened in IMAX venues after Skyfall, although it was not filmed with IMAX cameras. Spectre received mixed reviews upon its release; although criticised for its length, lack of screen time for new characters, and writing, it received praise for its action sequences and cinematography. The theme song, "Writing\'s on the Wall", received mixed reviews, particularly compared to the previous theme; nevertheless, it won the Golden Globe for Best Original Song and was nominated for the Academy Award in the same category. As of 20 February 2016[update], Spectre has grossed over $879 million worldwide.', 'Spectre was released on October 26, 2015 in the United Kingdom on the same evening as the world premiere in the Royal Albert Hall in London, followed by a global release. It was released in the United States on November 6, 2015. It was the second James Bond film to be screened in IMAX theaters after Skyfall, although it was not filmed with IMAX cameras. Spectre received mixed reviews upon release; while it was criticized for its length, lack of screen time for new characters, and writing, it received praise for its action sequences and cinematography. The title song, "Writings on the Wall," received mixed reviews, particularly in comparison to the previous title song; however, it won the Golden Globe for Best Original Song and was nominated in the same category for the Academy Award. According to the update on February 20, 2016, Spectre has grossed over $879 million worldwide.', 0.99683255, 1)
("Sergel's play toured in the UK starting at West Yorkshire Playhouse in Leeds in 2006, and again in 2011 starting at the York Theatre Royal, both productions featuring Duncan Preston as Atticus Finch. The play also opened the 2013 season at Regent's Park Open Air Theatre in London where it played to full houses and starred Robert Sean Leonard as Atticus Finch, his first London appearance in 22 years. The production is returning to the venue to close the 2014 season, prior to a UK Tour.", "Sergels were performed in the UK starting at West Yorkshire Playhouse in Leeds in 2006, and again in 2011, starting at York Theatre Royal, both productions featuring Duncan Preston as Atticus Finch. The play opened the 2013 season at Regent's Park Open Air Theatre in London where it played to full houses and starred Robert Sean Leonard as Atticus Finch, his first London appearance in 22 years. The production is returning to the venue to close the 2014 season, prior to a UK Tour.", 0.9968342, 1)
('Portugal (Portuguese: [puɾtuˈɣaɫ]), officially the Portuguese Republic (Portuguese: República Portuguesa), is a country on the Iberian Peninsula, in Southwestern Europe. It is the westernmost country of mainland Europe, being bordered by the Atlantic Ocean to the west and south and by Spain to the north and east. The Portugal–Spain border is 1,214 km (754 mi) long and considered the longest uninterrupted border within the European Union. The republic also includes the Atlantic archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira, both autonomous regions with their own regional governments.', ' Portugal (Portuguese: Portugal), officially the Portuguese Republic (Portuguese: República Portuguesa), is a country on the Iberian Peninsula, in Southwestern Europe. It is the westernmost country of mainland Europe, surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean to the west and south and by Spain to the north and east. The Portuguese-Spanish border is 1,214 km (754 mi) long and is considered the longest uninterrupted border within the European Union. The republic also includes the Atlantic archipelagos of the Azores and Madeira, both autonomous regions with their own regional governments.', 0.9968655, 1)
('In Paris, Chopin encountered artists and other distinguished figures, and found many opportunities to exercise his talents and achieve celebrity. During his years in Paris he was to become acquainted with, among many others, Hector Berlioz, Franz Liszt, Ferdinand Hiller, Heinrich Heine, Eugène Delacroix, and Alfred de Vigny. Chopin was also acquainted with the poet Adam Mickiewicz, principal of the Polish Literary Society, some of whose verses he set as songs.', ' In Paris, Chopin met artists and other distinguished figures, and found many opportunities to exercise his talents and gain fame. During his years in Paris, he became acquainted with, among others, Hector Berlioz, Franz Liszt, Ferdinand Hiller, Heinrich Heine, Eugène Delacroix and Alfred de Vigny. Chopin was also acquainted with the poet Adam Mickiewicz, head of the Polish Literary Society, some of whose verses he set as songs.', 0.99689204, 1)
("Chopin's music remains very popular and is regularly performed, recorded and broadcast worldwide. The world's oldest monographic music competition, the International Chopin Piano Competition, founded in 1927, is held every five years in Warsaw. The Fryderyk Chopin Institute of Poland lists on its website over eighty societies world-wide devoted to the composer and his music. The Institute site also lists nearly 1,500 performances of Chopin works on YouTube as of January 2014.", " The music of Chopin remains very popular and is regularly performed, recorded and broadcast worldwide. The oldest monographic music competition in the world, the International Chopin Piano Competition, was founded in 1927 and takes place every five years in Warsaw. The Fryderyk Chopin Institute of Poland lists over eighty societies worldwide dedicated to the composer and his music on its website. The Institute's website also lists nearly 1,500 performances of Chopin works on YouTube as of January 2014.", 0.9969034, 1)
("Bond and Swann return to London where they meet M, Bill Tanner, Q, and Moneypenny; they intend to arrest C and stop Nine Eyes from going online. Swann leaves Bond, telling him she cannot be part of a life involving espionage, and is subsequently kidnapped. On the way, the group is ambushed and Bond is kidnapped, but the rest still proceed with the plan. After Q succeeds in preventing the Nine Eyes from going online, a brief struggle between M and C ends with the latter falling to his death. Meanwhile, Bond is taken to the old MI6 building, which is scheduled for demolition, and frees himself. Moving throughout the ruined labyrinth, he encounters a disfigured Blofeld, who tells him that he has three minutes to escape the building before explosives are detonated or die trying to save Swann. Bond finds Swann and the two escape by boat as the building collapses. Bond shoots down Blofeld's helicopter, which crashes onto Westminster Bridge. As Blofeld crawls away from the wreckage, Bond confronts him but ultimately leaves him to be arrested by M. Bond leaves the bridge with Swann.", "Bond and Swann return to London where they meet M, Bill Tanner, Q, and Moneypenny. They plan to arrest C and prevent Nine Eyes from going online. Swann leaves Bond, saying she cannot be part of a life involving espionage, and is subsequently kidnapped. On the way, the group is ambushed, and Bond is kidnapped as well. However, the others continue with the plan. After Q manages to prevent Nine Eyes from going online, a brief struggle between M and C ends with the latter falling to his death.Meanwhile, Bond is taken to the old MI6 building, which is scheduled for demolition. He manages to free himself. Moving through the ruined labyrinth, he encounters a disfigured Blofeld, who tells Bond he has three minutes to escape the building before explosives are detonated or die trying to save Swann. Bond finds Swann and the two escape by boat as the building collapses. Bond shoots down Blofeld's helicopter, which crashes onto Westminster Bridge. As Blofeld crawls away from the wreckage, Bond confronts him but ultimately leaves him to be arrested by M. Bond leaves the bridge with Swann.", 0.9969151, 1)
('Beyoncé\'s lighter skin color and costuming has drawn criticism from some in the African-American community. Emmett Price, a professor of music at Northeastern University, wrote in 2007, that he thinks race plays a role in many of these criticisms, saying white celebrities who dress similarly do not attract as many comments. In 2008, L\'Oréal was accused of whitening her skin in their Feria hair color advertisements, responding that "it is categorically untrue", and in 2013, Beyoncé herself criticized H&M for their proposed "retouching" of promotional images of her, and according to Vogue requested that only "natural pictures be used".', 'Beyoncé\'s lighter skin color and costuming have drawn criticism from some in the African-American community. Emmett Price, a music professor at Northeastern University, wrote in 2007 that he believes race plays a role in many of these criticisms, stating that white celebrities who dress similarly do not attract as many comments. In 2008, L\'Oréal was accused of lightening her skin in their Feria hair color advertisements, responding that "it is categorically untrue". In 2013, Beyoncé herself criticized H&M for their proposed "retouching" of promotional images of her, and according to Vogue she requested that only "natural pictures be used".', 0.9969249, 1)
("The city's land has been altered substantially by human intervention, with considerable land reclamation along the waterfronts since Dutch colonial times; reclamation is most prominent in Lower Manhattan, with developments such as Battery Park City in the 1970s and 1980s. Some of the natural relief in topography has been evened out, especially in Manhattan.", " The city's land has been significantly altered by human intervention, with extensive land reclamation along the waterfronts since Dutch colonial times. Reclamation is most prominent in Lower Manhattan, with developments such as Battery Park City in the 1970s and 1980s. Some of the natural relief in topography has been levelled out, particularly in Manhattan.", 0.99692625, 1)
('In terms of school casualties, thousands of school children died due to shoddy construction. In Mianyang City, seven schools collapsed, burying at least 1,700 people. At least 7,000 school buildings throughout the province collapsed. Another 700 students were buried in a school in Hanwang. At least 600 students and staff died at Juyuan Elementary School. Up to 1,300 children and teachers died at Beichuan Middle School.', 'In terms of school casualties, thousands of school children died due to shoddy construction. In Mianyang City, at least 1,700 people were killed when seven schools collapsed. At least 7,000 school buildings throughout the province collapsed. Another 700 students were buried in a school in Hanwang. At least 600 students and staff died at Juyuan Elementary School. Up to 1,300 children and teachers died at Beichuan Middle School.', 0.9969305, 1)
("Despite repeated efforts by the Tajik government to improve and expand health care, the system remains extremely underdeveloped and poor, with severe shortages of medical supplies. The state's Ministry of Labor and Social Welfare reported that 104,272 disabled people are registered in Tajikistan (2000). This group of people suffers most from poverty in Tajikistan. The government of Tajikistan and the World Bank considered activities to support this part of the population described in the World Bank's Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper. Public expenditure on health was at 1% of the GDP in 2004.", "Despite repeated attempts by the Tajik government to improve and expand healthcare, the system remains extremely underdeveloped and poor, with severe shortages of medical supplies. The Ministry of Labor and Social Welfare reported that 104,272 disabled people are registered in Tajikistan (2000). This group of people suffers most from poverty in Tajikistan. The government of Tajikistan and the World Bank considered activities to support this part of the population, as described in the World Bank's Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper. Public expenditure on health was at 1% of the GDP in 2004.", 0.9969354, 1)
("Despite New York's heavy reliance on its vast public transit system, streets are a defining feature of the city. Manhattan's street grid plan greatly influenced the city's physical development. Several of the city's streets and avenues, like Broadway, Wall Street, Madison Avenue, and Seventh Avenue are also used as metonyms for national industries there: the theater, finance, advertising, and fashion organizations, respectively.", "Despite New York's heavy reliance on its extensive public transportation system, streets play a defining role in the city. Manhattan's street grid plan significantly influenced the city's physical development. Several of the city's streets and avenues, such as Broadway, Wall Street, Madison Avenue, and Seventh Avenue, are also used as metonyms for national industries located there: the theater, finance, advertising, and fashion industries, respectively.", 0.9969913, 1)
('Although it is not known exactly when Chopin first met Liszt after arriving in Paris, on 12 December 1831 he mentioned in a letter to his friend Woyciechowski that "I have met Rossini, Cherubini, Baillot, etc.—also Kalkbrenner. You would not believe how curious I was about Herz, Liszt, Hiller, etc." Liszt was in attendance at Chopin\'s Parisian debut on 26 February 1832 at the Salle Pleyel, which led him to remark: "The most vigorous applause seemed not to suffice to our enthusiasm in the presence of this talented musician, who revealed a new phase of poetic sentiment combined with such happy innovation in the form of his art."', ' Although it is not known precisely when Chopin first met Liszt after arriving in Paris, he mentioned in a letter to his friend Woyciechowski on 12 December 1831 that "I have met Rossini, Cherubini, Baillot, etc.—also Kalkbrenner. You would not believe how curious I was about Herz, Liszt, Hiller, etc." Liszt was present at Chopin\'s Parisian debut on 26 February 1832 at the Salle Pleyel, which led him to remark: "The most vigorous applause seemed not to suffice to our enthusiasm in the presence of this talented musician, who revealed a new phase of poetic sentiment combined with such happy innovation in the form of his art."', 0.99700785, 1)
("iPods cannot play music files from competing music stores that use rival-DRM technologies like Microsoft's protected WMA or RealNetworks' Helix DRM. Example stores include Napster and MSN Music. RealNetworks claims that Apple is creating problems for itself by using FairPlay to lock users into using the iTunes Store. Steve Jobs stated that Apple makes little profit from song sales, although Apple uses the store to promote iPod sales. However, iPods can also play music files from online stores that do not use DRM, such as eMusic or Amie Street.", " iPods cannot play music files from competing music stores that use rival-DRM technologies like Microsoft's protected WMA or RealNetworks Helix DRM. Examples include Napster and MSN Music. RealNetworks claims that Apple is creating problems for itself by using FairPlay to lock users into using the iTunes Store. Steve Jobs stated that Apple makes little profit from song sales, although Apple uses the store to promote iPod sales. However, iPods can also play music files from online stores that do not use DRM, such as eMusic or Amie Street.However, it is important to note that iPods cannot play music files protected with rival DRM technologies like Microsoft's WMA or RealNetworks' Helix DRM. Examples of such music stores include Napster and MSN Music. RealNetworks argues that Apple is creating problems for itself by using FairPlay to bind users to the iTunes Store. Steve Jobs claimed that Apple makes little profit from song sales, but uses the store to boost iPod sales instead. Nevertheless, iPods can also play music files from online stores that do not use DRM, such as eMusic and Amie Street.", 0.9970105, 1)
('The name iPod was proposed by Vinnie Chieco, a freelance copywriter, who (with others) was called by Apple to figure out how to introduce the new player to the public. After Chieco saw a prototype, he thought of the movie 2001: A Space Odyssey and the phrase "Open the pod bay door, Hal!", which refers to the white EVA Pods of the Discovery One spaceship. Chieco saw an analogy to the relationship between the spaceship and the smaller independent pods in the relationship between a personal computer and the music player. Apple researched the trademark and found that it was already in use. Joseph N. Grasso of New Jersey had originally listed an "iPod" trademark with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) in July 2000 for Internet kiosks. The first iPod kiosks had been demonstrated to the public in New Jersey in March 1998, and commercial use began in January 2000, but had apparently been discontinued by 2001. The trademark was registered by the USPTO in November 2003, and Grasso assigned it to Apple Computer, Inc. in 2005.', ' The name iPod was proposed by Vinnie Chieco, a freelance copywriter, who, together with others, were invited by Apple to determine how to present the new player to the public. After Chieco saw a prototype, he thought of the movie "2001: A Space Odyssey" and the phrase "Open the pod bay door, Hal!", which refers to the white EVA Pods of the Discovery One spaceship. Chieco saw an analogy to the relationship between the spaceship and the smaller independent pods in the relationship between a personal computer and the music player. Apple researched the trademark and found that it was already in use. Joseph N. Grasso of New Jersey had originally filed an "iPod" trademark with the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) in July 2000 for internet kiosks. The first iPod kiosks had been demonstrated to the public in New Jersey in March 1998, and commercial use began in January 2000, but had apparently been discontinued by 2001. The trademark was registered by the USPTO in November 2003, and Grasso assigned it to Apple Computer, Inc. in 2005.', 0.9970131, 1)
('Applied Anthropology refers to the application of the method and theory of anthropology to the analysis and solution of practical problems. It is a, "complex of related, research-based, instrumental methods which produce change or stability in specific cultural systems through the provision of data, initiation of direct action, and/or the formulation of policy". More simply, applied anthropology is the practical side of anthropological research; it includes researcher involvement and activism within the participating community. It is closely related to Development anthropology (distinct from the more critical Anthropology of development).', " Applied Anthropology refers to the application of anthropology's method and theory to the analysis and solution of practical problems. It is a complex of related, research-based, instrumental methods which produce change or stability in specific cultural systems through the provision of data, initiation of direct action, and/or the formulation of policy. More simply, applied anthropology is the practical side of anthropological research; it includes researcher involvement and activism within the participating community. It is closely related to Development anthropology (distinct from the more critical Anthropology of development).", 0.9970979, 1)
("The wider New York City metropolitan area, with over 20 million people, about 50% greater than the second-place Los Angeles metropolitan area in the United States, is also ethnically diverse. The New York region continues to be by far the leading metropolitan gateway for legal immigrants admitted into the United States, substantially exceeding the combined totals of Los Angeles and Miami, the next most popular gateway regions. It is home to the largest Jewish as well as Israeli communities outside Israel, with the Jewish population in the region numbering over 1.5 million in 2012 and including many diverse Jewish sects from around the Middle East and Eastern Europe. The metropolitan area is also home to 20% of the nation's Indian Americans and at least 20 Little India enclaves, as well as 15% of all Korean Americans and four Koreatowns; the largest Asian Indian population in the Western Hemisphere; the largest Russian American, Italian American, and African American populations; the largest Dominican American, Puerto Rican American, and South American and second-largest overall Hispanic population in the United States, numbering 4.8 million; and includes at least 6 established Chinatowns within New York City alone, with the urban agglomeration comprising a population of 779,269 overseas Chinese as of 2013 Census estimates, the largest outside of Asia.", " The wider New York City metropolitan area, with over 20 million people, approximately 50% more than the second-place Los Angeles metropolitan area in the United States, is also ethnically diverse. The New York region continues to be far and away the leading metropolitan gateway for legal immigrants admitted into the United States, significantly exceeding the combined totals of Los Angeles and Miami, the next most popular gateway regions. It is home to the largest Jewish and Israeli communities outside Israel, with the Jewish population in the region numbering over 1.5 million in 2012 and including many diverse Jewish sects from around the Middle East and Eastern Europe. The metropolitan area is also home to 20% of the nation's Indian Americans and at least 20 Little India enclaves, as well as 15% of all Korean Americans and four Koreatowns; the largest Asian Indian population in the Western Hemisphere; the largest Russian American, Italian American, and African American populations; the largest Dominican American, Puerto Rican American, and South American and second-largest overall Hispanic population in the United States, numbering 4.8 million; and includes at least 6 established Chinatowns within New York City alone, with the urban agglomeration comprising a population of 779,269 overseas Chinese as of 2013 Census estimates, the largest outside of Asia.", 0.99713063, 1)
('The exclusion of social and political groups as targets of genocide in the CPPCG legal definition has been criticized by some historians and sociologists, for example M. Hassan Kakar in his book The Soviet Invasion and the Afghan Response, 1979–1982 argues that the international definition of genocide is too restricted, and that it should include political groups or any group so defined by the perpetrator and quotes Chalk and Jonassohn: "Genocide is a form of one-sided mass killing in which a state or other authority intends to destroy a group, as that group and membership in it are defined by the perpetrator." While there are various definitions of the term, Adam Jones states that the majority of genocide scholars consider that "intent to destroy" is a requirement for any act to be labelled genocide, and that there is growing agreement on the inclusion of the physical destruction criterion.', ' The exclusion of social and political groups as targets of genocide in the CPPCG legal definition has been criticized by some historians and sociologists, such as M. Hassan Kakar in his book "The Soviet Invasion and the Afghan Response, 1979–1982." Kakar argues that the international definition of genocide is too restricted and that it should include political groups or any group as defined by the perpetrator. Chalk and Jonassohn argue, "Genocide is a form of one-sided mass killing in which a state or other authority intends to destroy a group, as that group and membership in it are defined by the perpetrator." Although there are various definitions of the term, the majority of genocide scholars consider that "intent to destroy" is a requirement for any act to be labeled genocide, and there is growing agreement on the inclusion of the physical destruction criterion.', 0.9971309, 1)
('Beyoncé has received numerous awards. As a solo artist she has sold over 15 million albums in the US, and over 118 million records worldwide (a further 60 million additionally with Destiny\'s Child), making her one of the best-selling music artists of all time. The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) listed Beyoncé as the top certified artist of the 2000s, with a total of 64 certifications. Her songs "Crazy in Love", "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)", "Halo", and "Irreplaceable" are some of the best-selling singles of all time worldwide. In 2009, The Observer named her the Artist of the Decade and Billboard named her the Top Female Artist and Top Radio Songs Artist of the Decade. In 2010, Billboard named her in their "Top 50 R&B/Hip-Hop Artists of the Past 25 Years" list at number 15. In 2012 VH1 ranked her third on their list of the "100 Greatest Women in Music". Beyoncé was the first female artist to be honored with the International Artist Award at the American Music Awards. She has also received the Legend Award at the 2008 World Music Awards and the Billboard Millennium Award at the 2011 Billboard Music Awards.', ' Beyoncé has received numerous awards. As a solo artist, she has sold over 15 albums in the US, and over 118 records worldwide (an additional 60 million with Destiny\'s Child), making her one of the best-selling music artists of all time. The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) ranked Beyoncé as the top certified artist of the 2000s, with a total of 64 certifications. Her songs "Crazy in Love", "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)", "Halo", and "Irreplaceable" are among the best-selling singles of all time worldwide. In 2009, The Observer named her Artist of the Decade, and Billboard named her the Top Female Artist and Top Radio Songs Artist of the Decade. In 2010, Billboard placed her on their "Top 50 R&B/Hip-Hop Artists of the Past 25 Years" list at number 15. In 2012, VH1 ranked her third on their list of the "100 Greatest Women in Music". Beyoncé was the first female artist to receive the International Artist Award at the American Music Awards. She has also received the Legend Award at the 2008 World Music Awards and the Billboard Millennium Award at the 2011 Billboard Music Awards.', 0.9971411, 1)
('Jones comments that "Chopin\'s unique position as a composer, despite the fact that virtually everything he wrote was for the piano, has rarely been questioned." He also notes that Chopin was fortunate to arrive in Paris in 1831—"the artistic environment, the publishers who were willing to print his music, the wealthy and aristocratic who paid what Chopin asked for their lessons"—and these factors, as well as his musical genius, also fuelled his contemporary and later reputation. While his illness and his love-affairs conform to some of the stereotypes of romanticism, the rarity of his public recitals (as opposed to performances at fashionable Paris soirées) led Arthur Hutchings to suggest that "his lack of Byronic flamboyance [and] his aristocratic reclusiveness make him exceptional" among his romantic contemporaries, such as Liszt and Henri Herz.', ' Jones notes that "Chopin\'s unique position as a composer, despite the fact that almost everything he wrote was for the piano, has rarely been questioned." He also notes that Chopin was fortunate to have come to Paris in 1831—"the artistic environment, the publishers who were willing to print his music, the wealthy and aristocratic who paid what Chopin asked for their lessons"—and these factors, as well as his musical genius, also contributed to his contemporary and later reputation. While his illness and his love-affairs conform to some of the stereotypes of romanticism, the rarity of his public recitals (as opposed to performances at fashionable Paris soirées) led Arthur Hutchings to suggest that "his lack of Byronic flamboyance [and] his aristocratic reclusiveness make him exceptional" among his romantic contemporaries, such as Liszt and Henri Herz.', 0.9971932, 1)
('This Main Building, and the library collection, was entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the school closed immediately and students were sent home. The university founder, Fr. Sorin and the president at the time, the Rev. William Corby, immediately planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed virtually the entire University. Construction was started on the 17th of May and by the incredible zeal of administrator and workers the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879. The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards. Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened. Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school. By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883. The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university.', '[This Main Building and the library collection were entirely destroyed by a fire in April 1879, and the university immediately closed and students were sent home. The university founder, Fr. Sorin, and the president at the time, the Rev. William Corby, planned for the rebuilding of the structure that had housed almost the entire University. Construction began on May 17th, and by the incredible zeal of administrators and workers, the building was completed before the fall semester of 1879. The library collection was also rebuilt and stayed housed in the new Main Building for years afterwards. Around the time of the fire, a music hall was opened. Eventually becoming known as Washington Hall, it hosted plays and musical acts put on by the school. By 1880, a science program was established at the university, and a Science Hall (today LaFortune Student Center) was built in 1883. The hall housed multiple classrooms and science labs needed for early research at the university.]', 0.99722934, 1)
('At the 57th Annual Grammy Awards in February 2015, Beyoncé was nominated for six awards, ultimately winning three: Best R&B Performance and Best R&B Song for "Drunk in Love", and Best Surround Sound Album for Beyoncé. She was nominated for Album of the Year but the award was won by Beck for his Morning Phase album. In August, the cover of the September issue of Vogue magazine was unveiled online, Beyoncé as the cover star, becoming the first African-American artist and third African-American woman in general to cover the September issue. She headlined the 2015 Made in America festival in early September and also the Global Citizen Festival later that month. Beyoncé made an uncredited featured appearance on the track "Hymn for the Weekend" by British rock band Coldplay, on their seventh studio album A Head Full of Dreams (2015), which saw release in December. On January 7, 2016, Pepsi announced Beyoncé would perform alongside Coldplay at Super Bowl 50 in February. Knowles has previously performed at four Super Bowl shows throughout her career, serving as the main headliner of the 47th Super Bowl halftime show in 2013.', ' During the 57th Annual Grammy Awards in February 2015, Beyoncé was nominated for six awards and ultimately won three: Best R&B Performance and Best R&B Song for "Drunk in Love", and Best Surround Sound Album for Beyoncé. She was nominated for Album of the Year but the award was won by Beck for his Morning Phase album. In August, the cover of Vogue magazine\'s September issue was unveiled online, with Beyoncé as the cover star, the first African-American artist and third African-American woman in general to cover the September issue. She headlined the 2015 Made in America festival in early September and also the Global Citizen Festival later that month. Beyoncé made an uncredited featured appearance on the track "Hymn for the Weekend" by British rock band Coldplay, on their seventh studio album A Head Full of Dreams (2015), which was released in December. On January 7, 2016, Pepsi announced that Beyoncé would perform alongside Coldplay at Super Bowl 50 in February. Knowles has previously performed at four Super Bowl shows throughout her career, serving as the main headliner of the 47th Super Bowl halftime show in 2013.', 0.9972693, 1)
('The origin of Tom Robinson is less clear, although many have speculated that his character was inspired by several models. When Lee was 10 years old, a white woman near Monroeville accused a black man named Walter Lett of raping her. The story and the trial were covered by her father\'s newspaper which reported that Lett was convicted and sentenced to death. After a series of letters appeared claiming Lett had been falsely accused, his sentence was commuted to life in prison. He died there of tuberculosis in 1937. Scholars believe that Robinson\'s difficulties reflect the notorious case of the Scottsboro Boys, in which nine black men were convicted of raping two white women on negligible evidence. However, in 2005, Lee stated that she had in mind something less sensational, although the Scottsboro case served "the same purpose" to display Southern prejudices. Emmett Till, a black teenager who was murdered for flirting with a white woman in Mississippi in 1955, and whose death is credited as a catalyst for the Civil Rights Movement, is also considered a model for Tom Robinson.', ' The origin of Tom Robinson is less clear, although many have speculated that his character was inspired by several models. When Lee was 10 years old, a white woman near Monroeville accused a black man named Walter Lett of raping her. The story and the trial were reported by her father\'s newspaper, which stated that Lett was convicted and sentenced to death. After a series of letters appeared claiming Lett had been falsely accused, his sentence was commuted to life in prison. He died there in 1937 of tuberculosis. Scholars believe that Robinson\'s difficulties reflect the notorious case of the Scottsboro Boys, in which nine black men were convicted of raping two white women on negligible evidence. However, in 2005, Lee stated that she had in mind something less sensational, although the Scottsboro case served "the same purpose" to display Southern prejudices. Emmett Till, a black teenager who was murdered for flirting with a white woman in Mississippi in 1955, and whose death is credited as a catalyst for the Civil Rights Movement, is also considered a model for Tom Robinson.In Dutch: The origin of Tom Robinson is less clear, as many have supposed that his character was inspired by various models. When Lee was ten years old, a white woman near Monroeville accused a black man named Walter Lett of raping her. The story and the trial were reported by her father\'s newspaper, which stated that Lett was convicted and sentenced to death. After a series of letters appeared claiming that Lett had been falsely accused, his sentence was commuted to life imprisonment. He died there in 1937 of tuberculosis. Scholars believe that Robinson\'s problems reflect the notorious case of the Scottsboro Boys, in which nine black men were convicted of raping two white women on insufficient evidence. However, in 2005, Lee stated that she had in mind something less sensational, although the Scottsboro case served "the same purpose" to display Southern prejudices. Emmett Till, a black adolescent who was murdered for flirting with a white woman in Mississippi in 1955 and whose death is credited as a catalyst for the Civil Rights Movement, is also considered a model for Tom Robinson.', 0.99728125, 1)
('Though the iPod was released in 2001, its price and Mac-only compatibility caused sales to be relatively slow until 2004. The iPod line came from Apple\'s "digital hub" category, when the company began creating software for the growing market of personal digital devices. Digital cameras, camcorders and organizers had well-established mainstream markets, but the company found existing digital music players "big and clunky or small and useless" with user interfaces that were "unbelievably awful," so Apple decided to develop its own. As ordered by CEO Steve Jobs, Apple\'s hardware engineering chief Jon Rubinstein assembled a team of engineers to design the iPod line, including hardware engineers Tony Fadell and Michael Dhuey, and design engineer Sir Jonathan Ive. Rubinstein had already discovered the Toshiba disk drive when meeting with an Apple supplier in Japan, and purchased the rights to it for Apple, and had also already worked out how the screen, battery, and other key elements would work. The aesthetic was inspired by the 1958 Braun T3 transistor radio designed by Dieter Rams, while the wheel based user interface was prompted by Bang & Olufsen\'s BeoCom 6000 telephone. The product ("the Walkman of the twenty-first century" ) was developed in less than one year and unveiled on October 23, 2001. Jobs announced it as a Mac-compatible product with a 5 GB hard drive that put "1,000 songs in your pocket."', 'Despite being released in 2001, the iPod\'s price and Mac-only compatibility caused sales to be relatively slow until 2004. The iPod line came from Apple\'s "digital hub" category, as the company began creating software for the growing market of personal digital devices. Digital cameras, camcorders, and organizers had already established mainstream markets, but the company found existing digital music players "too big and clunky or too small and useless" with user interfaces that were "unbelievably awful." So Apple decided to develop its own.As ordered by CEO Steve Jobs, Apple\'s hardware engineering chief Jon Rubinstein assembled a team of engineers to design the iPod line, including hardware engineers Tony Fadell and Michael Dhuey, and design engineer Sir Jonathan Ive. Rubinstein had already discovered the Toshiba hard drive when meeting with an Apple supplier in Japan, and had already worked out how the screen, battery, and other key elements would work. The aesthetic was inspired by the 1958 Braun T3 transistor radio designed by Dieter Rams, while the wheel-based user interface was inspired by Bang & Olufsen\'s BeoCom 6000 telephone.The product ("the Walkman of the twenty-first century" ) was developed in less than one year and unveiled on October 23, 2001. Jobs announced it as a Mac-compatible product with a 5 GB hard drive that could hold "1,000 songs in your pocket."', 0.9972932, 1)
('Japanese seismologist Yuji Yagi at the University of Tsukuba said that the earthquake occurred in two stages: "The 155-mile Longmenshan Fault tore in two sections, the first one ripping about seven yards, followed by a second one that sheared four yards." His data also showed that the earthquake lasted about two minutes and released 30 times the energy of the Great Hanshin earthquake of 1995 in Japan, which killed over 6,000 people. He pointed out that the shallowness of the epicenter and the density of population greatly increased the severity of the earthquake. Teruyuki Kato, a seismologist at the University of Tokyo, said that the seismic waves of the quake traveled a long distance without losing their power because of the firmness of the terrain in central China. According to reports from Chengdu, the capital of Sichuan province, the earthquake tremors lasted for "about two or three minutes".', " Japanese seismologist Yuji Yagi from the University of Tsukuba stated that the earthquake occurred in two stages: The 155-mile Longmenshan Fault tore in two sections, the first one ripping about seven yards, followed by a second one that sheared four yards. His data also showed that the earthquake lasted about two minutes and released 30 times the energy of the Great Hanshin earthquake of 1995 in Japan, which killed over 6,000 people. He emphasized that the shallowness of the epicenter and the population density greatly increased the severity of the earthquake. Teruyuki Kato, a seismologist at the University of Tokyo, stated that the seismic waves of the quake traveled a long distance without losing their power because of the firmness of the terrain in central China. According to reports from Chengdu, the capital of Sichuan province, the earthquake tremors lasted for approximately two or three minutes.Translation: Japanese seismologist Yuji Yagi from the University of Tsukuba stated that the earthquake occurred in two stages. The 155-mile Longmenshan Fault split into two parts, with the first part tearing approximately 0.02 kilometers and the second part shearing 0.01 kilometers. Yagi's data indicated that the earthquake lasted around two minutes and released 30 times the energy of the 1995 Great Hanshin earthquake in Japan, which claimed over 6,000 lives. Yagi stressed that the earthquake's shallowness and population density significantly intensified its impact. Teruyuki Kato, a seismologist at the University of Tokyo, stated that the seismic waves of the quake maintained their power over long distances due to the solid terrain in central China. Reports from Chengdu, Sichuan province's capital, suggested that the earthquake's tremors lasted for approximately two to three minutes.", 0.997298, 1)
('Apple\'s application to the United States Patent and Trademark Office for a patent on "rotational user inputs", as used on the iPod interface, received a third "non-final rejection" (NFR) in August 2005. Also in August 2005, Creative Technology, one of Apple\'s main rivals in the MP3 player market, announced that it held a patent on part of the music selection interface used by the iPod line, which Creative Technology dubbed the "Zen Patent", granted on August 9, 2005. On May 15, 2006, Creative filed another suit against Apple with the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. Creative also asked the United States International Trade Commission to investigate whether Apple was breaching U.S. trade laws by importing iPods into the United States.', 'Apple\'s application to the United States Patent and Trademark Office for a patent on "rotational user inputs," as used on the iPod interface, received a third "non-final rejection" (NFR) in August 2005. In August 2005, Creative Technology, one of Apple\'s main rivals in the MP3 player market, announced that it held a patent on part of the music selection interface used by the iPod line. Creative Technology referred to this patent as the "Zen Patent," which was granted on August 9, 2005. On May 15, 2006, Creative filed another lawsuit against Apple with the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. Creative also requested that the United States International Trade Commission investigate whether Apple was violating U.S. trade laws by importing iPods into the United States.', 0.9973191, 1)
('Charles Shields, who has written the only book-length biography of Harper Lee to date, offers the reason for the novel\'s enduring popularity and impact is that "its lessons of human dignity and respect for others remain fundamental and universal". Atticus\' lesson to Scout that "you never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view—until you climb around in his skin and walk around in it" exemplifies his compassion. She ponders the comment when listening to Mayella Ewell\'s testimony. When Mayella reacts with confusion to Atticus\' question if she has any friends, Scout offers that she must be lonelier than Boo Radley. Having walked Boo home after he saves their lives, Scout stands on the Radley porch and considers the events of the previous three years from Boo\'s perspective. One writer remarks, "... [w]hile the novel concerns tragedy and injustice, heartache and loss, it also carries with it a strong sense [of] courage, compassion, and an awareness of history to be better human beings."', 'Charles Shields, who has written the only book-length biography of Harper Lee to date, explains the reason for the novel\'s enduring popularity and impact as being that "its lessons of human dignity and respect for others remain fundamental and universal." Atticus lesson to Scout that "you never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view—until you climb around in his skin and walk around in it" illustrates his compassion. Scout ponders the comment when listening to Mayella Ewell\'s testimony. When Mayella reacts with confusion to Atticus\' question if she has any friends, Scout suggests that she must be lonelier than Boo Radley. Having escorted Boo home after he saves their lives, Scout stands on the Radley porch and considers the events of the previous three years from Boo\'s perspective. A writer notes, "... while the novel deals with tragedy and injustice, heartache and loss, it also carries with it a strong sense of courage, compassion, and an awareness of history to be better human beings."', 0.9973272, 1)
('The Army (21,000 personnel) comprises three brigades and other small units. An infantry brigade (mainly equipped with Pandur II APC), a mechanized brigade (mainly equipped with Leopard 2 A6 tanks and M113 APC) and a Rapid Reaction Brigade (consisting of paratroopers, commandos and rangers). The Navy (10,700 personnel, of which 1,580 are marines) has five frigates, seven corvettes, two submarines, and 28 patrol and auxiliary vessels. The Air Force (7,500 personnel) has the Lockheed F-16 Fighting Falcon and the Dassault/Dornier Alpha Jet as the main combat aircraft.', ' The Army (21,000 personnel members) consists of three brigades and other small units. An infantry brigade (mainly equipped with Pandur II APCs), a mechanized brigade (mainly equipped with Leopard 2 A6 tanks and M113 APCs), and a Rapid Reaction Brigade (consisting of parachutists, commandos, and rangers). The Navy (10,700 personnel members, of whom 1,580 are marines) has five frigates, seven corvettes, two submarines, and 28 patrol and support ships. The Air Force (7,500 personnel members) has the Lockheed F-16 Fighting Falcon and the Dassault/Dornier Alpha Jet as its main combat aircraft.', 0.9973302, 1)
('In September 2010, Beyoncé made her runway modelling debut at Tom Ford\'s Spring/Summer 2011 fashion show. She was named "World\'s Most Beautiful Woman" by People and the "Hottest Female Singer of All Time" by Complex in 2012. In January 2013, GQ placed her on its cover, featuring her atop its "100 Sexiest Women of the 21st Century" list. VH1 listed her at number 1 on its 100 Sexiest Artists list. Several wax figures of Beyoncé are found at Madame Tussauds Wax Museums in major cities around the world, including New York, Washington, D.C., Amsterdam, Bangkok, Hollywood and Sydney.', ' [In September 2010, Beyoncé made her runway modeling debut at Tom Ford\'s Spring/Summer 2011 fashion show. She was named "World\'s Most Beautiful Woman" by People and the "Sexiest Female Singer of All Time" by Complex in 2012. In January 2013, she was on the cover of GQ and was included in its top-100 "Sexiest Women of the 21st Century". On VH1\'s list, she was number 1 among the "100 Sexiest Artists". Several wax figures of Beyoncé can be found at Madame Tussauds Wax Museums in major cities around the world, including New York, Washington D.C., Amsterdam, Bangkok, Hollywood and Sydney.]', 0.9973477, 1)
("At age eight, Beyoncé and childhood friend Kelly Rowland met LaTavia Roberson while in an audition for an all-girl entertainment group. They were placed into a group with three other girls as Girl's Tyme, and rapped and danced on the talent show circuit in Houston. After seeing the group, R&B producer Arne Frager brought them to his Northern California studio and placed them in Star Search, the largest talent show on national TV at the time. Girl's Tyme failed to win, and Beyoncé later said the song they performed was not good. In 1995 Beyoncé's father resigned from his job to manage the group. The move reduced Beyoncé's family's income by half, and her parents were forced to move into separated apartments. Mathew cut the original line-up to four and the group continued performing as an opening act for other established R&B girl groups. The girls auditioned before record labels and were finally signed to Elektra Records, moving to Atlanta Records briefly to work on their first recording, only to be cut by the company. This put further strain on the family, and Beyoncé's parents separated. On October 5, 1995, Dwayne Wiggins's Grass Roots Entertainment signed the group. In 1996, the girls began recording their debut album under an agreement with Sony Music, the Knowles family reunited, and shortly after, the group got a contract with Columbia Records.", " At the age of eight, Beyoncé and her childhood friend Kelly Rowland met LaTavia Roberson during an audition for a girls entertainment group. They were placed in a group with three other girls as Girls Tyme, and rapped and danced on the talent show circuit in Houston. After seeing the group, R&B producer Arne Frager brought them to his Northern California studio and entered them in Star Search, the largest talent show on national TV at the time. Girls Tyme did not win, and Beyoncé later said the song they performed was not good. In 1995, Beyoncé's father resigned from his job to manage the group. This reduced the family's income by half, and they were forced to move into separated apartments. Mathew cut the original line-up to four and the group continued performing as an opening act for other established R&B girl groups. The girls auditioned before record labels and were finally signed to Elektra Records, moving to Atlanta Records briefly to work on their first recording, but were cut by the company. This put further strain on the family, and Beyoncé's parents separated. On October 5, 1995, Dwayne Wiggins Grass Roots Entertainment signed the group. In 1996, the girls began recording their debut album under a contract with Sony Music, the Knowles family reunited, and shortly after, the group got a contract with Columbia Records.", 0.9973587, 1)
('Ultimately, Lee spent over two and a half years writing To Kill a Mockingbird. The book was published on July 11, 1960. After rejecting the "Watchman" title, it was initially re-titled Atticus, but Lee renamed it "To Kill a Mockingbird" to reflect that the story went beyond just a character portrait. The editorial team at Lippincott warned Lee that she would probably sell only several thousand copies. In 1964, Lee recalled her hopes for the book when she said, "I never expected any sort of success with \'Mockingbird.\' ... I was hoping for a quick and merciful death at the hands of the reviewers but, at the same time, I sort of hoped someone would like it enough to give me encouragement. Public encouragement. I hoped for a little, as I said, but I got rather a whole lot, and in some ways this was just about as frightening as the quick, merciful death I\'d expected." Instead of a "quick and merciful death", Reader\'s Digest Condensed Books chose the book for reprinting in part, which gave it a wide readership immediately. Since the original publication, the book has never been out of print.', ' Ultimately, Lee spent over two and a half years writing To Kill a Mockingbird. The book was published on July 11, 1960. After rejecting the "Watchman" title, it was initially titled Atticus, but Lee renamed it "To Kill a Mockingbird" to reflect that the story went beyond just a character portrait. The editorial team at Lippincott warned Lee that she would probably sell only several thousand copies. In 1964, Lee recalled her hopes for the book when she said, "I never expected any sort of success with Mockingbird. ... I was hoping for a quick and merciful death at the hands of the reviewers but, at the same time, I sort of hoped someone would like it enough to give me encouragement. Public encouragement. I hoped for a little, as I said, but I got rather a whole lot, and in some ways this was just about as frightening as the quick, merciful death Id expected." Instead of a "quick and merciful death", Readers Digest Condensed Books chose the book for reprinting in parts, which gave it a wide readership immediately. Since the original publication, the book has never been out of print.', 0.99736655, 1)
('New York is a prominent location for the American entertainment industry, with many films, television series, books, and other media being set there. As of 2012, New York City was the second largest center for filmmaking and television production in the United States, producing about 200 feature films annually, employing 130,000 individuals, and generating an estimated $7.1 billion in direct expenditures, and by volume, New York is the world leader in independent film production; one-third of all American independent films are produced in New York City. The Association of Independent Commercial Producers is also based in New York. In the first five months of 2014 alone, location filming for television pilots in New York City exceeded the record production levels for all of 2013, with New York surpassing Los Angeles as the top North American city for the same distinction during the 2013/2014 cycle.', ' New York is a prominent location for the American entertainment industry with many films, television series, books and other media being set there. As of 2012, New York City was the second largest center for filmmaking and television production in the United States, producing approximately 200 feature films annually, employing 130,000 individuals, and generating an estimated $7.1 billion in direct expenditures. New York is the world leader in independent film production by volume; one-third of all American independent films are produced in New York City. The Association of Independent Commercial Producers is also based in New York. In the first five months of 2014 alone, location filming for television pilots in New York City exceeded the record production levels for all of 2013, with New York surpassing Los Angeles as the top North American city for the same distinction during the 2013/2014 cycle.', 0.9974273, 1)
('Following the disbandment of Destiny\'s Child in June 2005, she released her second solo album, B\'Day (2006), which contained hits "Déjà Vu", "Irreplaceable", and "Beautiful Liar". Beyoncé also ventured into acting, with a Golden Globe-nominated performance in Dreamgirls (2006), and starring roles in The Pink Panther (2006) and Obsessed (2009). Her marriage to rapper Jay Z and portrayal of Etta James in Cadillac Records (2008) influenced her third album, I Am... Sasha Fierce (2008), which saw the birth of her alter-ego Sasha Fierce and earned a record-setting six Grammy Awards in 2010, including Song of the Year for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)". Beyoncé took a hiatus from music in 2010 and took over management of her career; her fourth album 4 (2011) was subsequently mellower in tone, exploring 1970s funk, 1980s pop, and 1990s soul. Her critically acclaimed fifth studio album, Beyoncé (2013), was distinguished from previous releases by its experimental production and exploration of darker themes.', ' After the disbanding of Destiny\'s Child in June 2005, she released her second solo-album, BDay (2006), which contained hits such as "Déjà Vu", "Irreplaceable", and "Beautiful Liar". Beyoncé entered the acting world with a Golden Globe-nominated performance in Dreamgirls (2006), and leading roles in The Pink Panther (2006) and Obsessed (2009). Her marriage to rapper Jay Z and her role as Etta James in Cadillac Records (2008) influenced her third album, I Am... Sasha Fierce (2008), which marked the birth of her alter-ego Sasha Fierce and received six record-breaking Grammy Awards in 2010, including Song of the Year for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)". Beyoncé took a break from music in 2010 and took control of her career; her fourth album 4 (2011) was lighter in tone and explored 1970s funk, 1980s pop, and 1990s soul. Her critically acclaimed fifth studio-album, Beyoncé (2013), differed from her earlier releases due to its experimental production and exploration of dark themes.', 0.99744, 1)
('The Ming court appointed three Princes of Dharma (法王) and five Princes (王), and granted many other titles, such as Grand State Tutors (大國師) and State Tutors (國師), to the important schools of Tibetan Buddhism, including the Karma Kagyu, Sakya, and Gelug. According to Wang Jiawei and Nyima Gyaincain, leading officials of these organs were all appointed by the central government and were subject to the rule of law. Yet Van Praag describes the distinct and long-lasting Tibetan law code established by the Phagmodru ruler Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen as one of many reforms to revive old Imperial Tibetan traditions.', ' The Ming court appointed three Dharma-princes (法王) and five princes (王), and bestowed many other titles, such as Grand State Tutors (大國師) and State Tutors (國師), upon the important Tibetan Buddhism schools, including the Karma Kagyu, Sakya, and Gelug. According to Wang Jiawei and Nyima Gyaincain, the leading officials of these organizations were all appointed by the central government and were subject to the rule of law. However, Praag describes the distinct and long-lasting Tibetan law code established by the Phagmodru ruler Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen as one of many reforms to revive old Imperial Tibetan traditions.', 0.9974919, 1)
('From September 1823 to 1826 Chopin attended the Warsaw Lyceum, where he received organ lessons from the Czech musician Wilhelm Würfel during his first year. In the autumn of 1826 he began a three-year course under the Silesian composer Józef Elsner at the Warsaw Conservatory, studying music theory, figured bass and composition.[n 3] Throughout this period he continued to compose and to give recitals in concerts and salons in Warsaw. He was engaged by the inventors of a mechanical organ, the "eolomelodicon", and on this instrument in May 1825 he performed his own improvisation and part of a concerto by Moscheles. The success of this concert led to an invitation to give a similar recital on the instrument before Tsar Alexander I, who was visiting Warsaw; the Tsar presented him with a diamond ring. At a subsequent eolomelodicon concert on 10 June 1825, Chopin performed his Rondo Op. 1. This was the first of his works to be commercially published and earned him his first mention in the foreign press, when the Leipzig Allgemeine Musikalische Zeitung praised his "wealth of musical ideas".', 'From September 1823 to 1826, Chopin attended the Warsaw Lyceum. During his first year, he received organ lessons from the Czech musician Wilhelm Würfel. In the autumn of 1826, he began a three-year course under the Silesian composer Józef Elsner at the Warsaw Conservatory. He studied music theory, figured bass, and composition. Throughout this period, he continued to compose and to give recitals in concerts and salons in Warsaw. He was engaged by the inventors of a mechanical organ, the "eolomelodicon". In May 1825, he performed his own improvisation and part of a concerto by Moscheles on this instrument. The success of this concert led to an invitation to give a similar recital before Tsar Alexander I, who was visiting Warsaw. The Tsar presented him with a diamond ring. At a subsequent eolomelodicon concert on 10 June 1825, Chopin performed his Rondo Op. 1. This was the first of his works to be commercially published and earned him his first mention in the foreign press, when the Leipzig Allgemeine Musikalische Zeitung praised his "wealth of musical ideas".', 0.9975257, 1)
('With his health further deteriorating, Chopin desired to have a family member with him. In June 1849 his sister Ludwika came to Paris with her husband and daughter, and in September, supported by a loan from Jane Stirling, he took an apartment at Place Vendôme 12. After 15 October, when his condition took a marked turn for the worse, only a handful of his closest friends remained with him, although Viardot remarked sardonically that "all the grand Parisian ladies considered it de rigueur to faint in his room."', ' With his health further deteriorating, Chopin wanted a family member with him. In June 1849 his sister Ludwika came to Paris with her husband and daughter. In September, supported by a loan from Jane Stirling, he took an apartment at Place Vendôme 12. After 15 October, when his condition took a marked turn for the worse, only a handful of his closest friends remained with him. Although Viardot remarked sarcastically that "all the grand Parisian ladies considered it de rigueur to faint in his room."', 0.9975625, 1)
("Bond disobeys M's order and travels to Rome to attend Sciarra's funeral. That evening he visits Sciarra's widow Lucia, who tells him about Spectre, a criminal organisation to which her husband belonged. Bond infiltrates a Spectre meeting, where he identifies the leader, Franz Oberhauser. When Oberhauser addresses Bond by name, he escapes and is pursued by Mr. Hinx, a Spectre assassin. Moneypenny informs Bond that the information he collected leads to Mr. White, former member of Quantum, a subsidiary of Spectre. Bond asks her to investigate Oberhauser, who was presumed dead years earlier.", ' Bond disobeys Ms order and travels to Rome to attend Sciarras funeral. That evening he visits Sciarras widow Lucia, who tells him about Spectre, a criminal organisation to which her husband belonged. Bond infiltrates a Spectre meeting, where he identifies the leader, Franz Oberhauser. When Oberhauser addresses Bond by name, he escapes and is pursued by Mr. Hinx, a Spectre assassin. Moneypenny informs Bond that the information he collected leads to Mr. White, former member of Quantum, a subsidiary of Spectre. Bond asks her to investigate Oberhauser, who was presumed dead years earlier.', 0.9975918, 1)
('Executive vice governor Wei Hong confirmed on November 21, 2008 that more than 90,000 people in total were dead or missing in the earthquake. He stated that 200,000 homes had been rebuilt, and 685,000 were under reconstruction, but 1.94 million households were still without permanent shelter. 1,300 schools had been reconstructed, with initial relocation of 25 townships, including Beichuan and Wenchuan, two of the most devastated areas. The government spent $441 billion on relief and reconstruction efforts.', ' Executive vice governor Wei Hong confirmed on November 21, 2008 that a total of more than 90,000 people had died or gone missing in the earthquake. He stated that 200,000 homes had been rebuilt and 685,000 were under reconstruction. Yet, 1.94 million households were still without permanent shelter. One thousand three hundred schools had been rebuilt, with the initial relocation of 25 townships, including Beichuan and Wenchuan, two of the most devastated areas. The government spent $441 billion on relief and reconstruction efforts.', 0.99759734, 1)
("The Rev. John J. Cavanaugh, C.S.C. served as president from 1946 to 1952. Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was devoted to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to suit it to an enlarged educational mission and an expanded student body and stressing advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold. Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute. Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I.A. O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university. Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and development", " The Rev. John J. Cavanaugh, C.S.C. served as president from 1946 to 1952. Cavanaugh's legacy at Notre Dame in the post-war years was dedicated to raising academic standards and reshaping the university administration to fit it for a broader educational mission and a larger student body, and to emphasize advanced studies and research at a time when Notre Dame quadrupled in student census, undergraduate enrollment increased by more than half, and graduate student enrollment grew fivefold. Cavanaugh also established the Lobund Institute for Animal Studies and Notre Dame's Medieval Institute. Cavanaugh also presided over the construction of the Nieuwland Science Hall, Fisher Hall, and the Morris Inn, as well as the Hall of Liberal Arts (now O'Shaughnessy Hall), made possible by a donation from I.A. O'Shaughnessy, at the time the largest ever made to an American Catholic university. Cavanaugh also established a system of advisory councils at the university, which continue today and are vital to the university's governance and development.", 0.99759805, 1)
('At the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards, Beyoncé received ten nominations, including Album of the Year for I Am... Sasha Fierce, Record of the Year for "Halo", and Song of the Year for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)", among others. She tied with Lauryn Hill for most Grammy nominations in a single year by a female artist. In 2010, Beyoncé was featured on Lady Gaga\'s single "Telephone" and its music video. The song topped the US Pop Songs chart, becoming the sixth number-one for both Beyoncé and Gaga, tying them with Mariah Carey for most number-ones since the Nielsen Top 40 airplay chart launched in 1992. "Telephone" received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals.', ' During the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards, Beyoncé received ten nominations, including Album of the Year for I Am... Sasha Fierce, Record of the Year for "Halo", and Song of the Year for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)", among others. She tied with Lauryn Hill for most Grammy nominations in a single year by a female artist. In 2010, Beyoncé was featured on Lady Gaga\'s single "Telephone" and its music video. The song reached the first place in the US Pop Songs chart, becoming the sixth number-one for both Beyoncé and Gaga, tying them with Mariah Carey for most number-ones since the Nielsen Top 40 airplay chart started in 1992. "Telephone" received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals.', 0.99763167, 1)
('The Internet was extensively used for passing information to aid rescue and recovery efforts. For example, the official news agency Xinhua set up an online rescue request center in order to find the blind spots of disaster recovery. After knowing that rescue helicopters had trouble landing into the epicenter area in Wenchuan, a student proposed a landing spot online and it was chosen as the first touchdown place for the helicopters[not in citation given]. Volunteers also set up several websites to help store contact information for victims and evacuees. On May 31, a rescue helicopter carrying earthquake survivors and crew members crashed in fog and turbulence in Wenchuan county. No-one survived.', ' The Internet was extensively used to pass information to aid rescue and recovery efforts. For instance, the official news agency Xinhua set up an online rescue request center to find the blind spots of disaster recovery. After learning that rescue helicopters had trouble landing in the epicenter area of Wenchuan, a student proposed an online landing spot and it was chosen as the first touchdown place for the helicopters[no citation given]. Volunteers also set up several websites to help store contact information for victims and evacuees. On May 31, a rescue helicopter carrying earthquake survivors and crew members crashed in fog and turbulence in Wenchuan county. No one survived.', 0.99766505, 1)
("More than 200 newspapers and 350 consumer magazines have an office in the city, and the publishing industry employs about 25,000 people. Two of the three national daily newspapers in the United States are New York papers: The Wall Street Journal and The New York Times, which has won the most Pulitzer Prizes for journalism. Major tabloid newspapers in the city include: The New York Daily News, which was founded in 1919 by Joseph Medill Patterson and The New York Post, founded in 1801 by Alexander Hamilton. The city also has a comprehensive ethnic press, with 270 newspapers and magazines published in more than 40 languages. El Diario La Prensa is New York's largest Spanish-language daily and the oldest in the nation. The New York Amsterdam News, published in Harlem, is a prominent African American newspaper. The Village Voice is the largest alternative newspaper.", ' More than 200 newspapers and 350 consumer magazines have an office in the city, and the publishing industry employs approximately 25,000 people. Two out of the three national newspapers in the United States are New York papers: The Wall Street Journal and The New York Times, which has won the most Pulitzer Prizes for journalism. Important tabloid newspapers in the city are: The New York Daily News, founded in 1919 by Joseph Medill Patterson, and The New York Post, founded in 1801 by Alexander Hamilton. The city also has an extensive ethnic press, with 270 newspapers and magazines in more than 40 languages. El Diario La Prensa is the largest Spanish-language daily newspaper in New York and the oldest in the United States. The New York Amsterdam News, published in Harlem, is a prominent African-American newspaper. The Village Voice is the largest alternative paper.', 0.9976703, 1)
('The first generation iPod Nano may overheat and pose a health and safety risk. Affected iPod Nanos were sold between September 2005 and December 2006. This is due to a flawed battery used by Apple from a single battery manufacturer. Apple recommended that owners of affected iPod Nanos stop using them. Under an Apple product replacement program, affected Nanos were replaced with current generation Nanos free of charge.', " The first generation iPod Nano may overheat and pose a health and safety risk. iPod Nanos with this issue were sold between September 2005 and December 2006. This is due to a flawed battery used by Apple from a single battery manufacturer. Apple advised owners of affected iPod Nanos to stop using them. Under Apple's product replacement program, affected Nanos were replaced with current generation Nanos for free.", 0.99768186, 1)
("In October 1810, six months after Fryderyk's birth, the family moved to Warsaw, where his father acquired a post teaching French at the Warsaw Lyceum, then housed in the Saxon Palace. Fryderyk lived with his family in the Palace grounds. The father played the flute and violin; the mother played the piano and gave lessons to boys in the boarding house that the Chopins kept. Chopin was of slight build, and even in early childhood was prone to illnesses.", " In October 1810, six months after Fryderyk's birth, the family moved to Warsaw, where his father obtained a post teaching French at the Warsaw Lyceum, then housed in the Saxon Palace. Fryderyk lived with his family in the palace grounds. The father played the flute and violin; the mother played the piano and gave lessons to boys in Chopin's boarding house. Fryderyk was of slight build, and even in his earliest childhood was prone to illnesses.", 0.9976849, 1)
("The New York City Police Department (NYPD) has been the largest police force in the United States by a significant margin, with over 35,000 sworn officers. Members of the NYPD are frequently referred to by politicians, the media, and their own police cars by the nickname, New York's Finest.", ' The New York City Police Department (NYPD) is the largest police force in the United States with a substantial margin, having over 35,000 sworn officers. Members of the NYPD are frequently referred to by politicians, the media, and their own police cars with the nickname, "New York\'s Finest."', 0.99769354, 1)
("On January 22, 2008, Apple reported the best quarter revenue and earnings in Apple's history so far. Apple posted record revenue of US$9.6 billion and record net quarterly profit of US$1.58 billion. 42% of Apple's revenue for the First fiscal quarter of 2008 came from iPod sales, followed by 21% from notebook sales and 16% from desktop sales.", " On January 22, 2008, Apple reported the best quarter revenue and earnings in Apple's history to date. Apple achieved a record revenue of US$9.6 billion and a record net quarterly profit of US$1.58 billion. Forty-two percent of Apple's revenue in the first fiscal quarter of 2008 came from iPod sales, followed by 21% from notebook sales and 16% from desktop sales.", 0.99769837, 1)
('On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement in which Under Armour will provide uniforms, apparel,equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years. This contract, worth almost $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA. The university marching band plays at home games for most of the sports. The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial. The band regularly plays the school\'s fight song the Notre Dame Victory March, which was named as the most played and most famous fight song by Northern Illinois Professor William Studwell. According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, the "Notre Dame Victory March" ranks as the greatest fight song of all time.', ' On July 1, 2014, the University of Notre Dame and Under Armour reached an agreement. Under Armour will provide uniforms, clothing, equipment, and monetary compensation to Notre Dame for 10 years. This contract, worth nearly $100 million, is the most lucrative in the history of the NCAA. The university marching band plays at home games for most sports. The band, which began in 1846 and has a claim as the oldest university band in continuous existence in the United States, was honored by the National Music Council as a "Landmark of American Music" during the United States Bicentennial. The band regularly plays the school\'s fight song, the Notre Dame Victory March. According to College Fight Songs: An Annotated Anthology published in 1998, this fight song ranks as the greatest of all time.', 0.99774027, 1)
('In 1785, the assembly of the Congress of the Confederation made New York the national capital shortly after the war. New York was the last capital of the U.S. under the Articles of Confederation and the first capital under the Constitution of the United States. In 1789, the first President of the United States, George Washington, was inaugurated; the first United States Congress and the Supreme Court of the United States each assembled for the first time, and the United States Bill of Rights was drafted, all at Federal Hall on Wall Street. By 1790, New York had surpassed Philadelphia as the largest city in the United States.', 'In 1785, the Congress of the Confederation assembly made New York the national capital shortly after the war. New York served as the last capital of the U.S. under the Articles of Confederation and the first capital under the United States Constitution. In 1789, the first President of the United States, George Washington, was inaugurated; the first United States Congress and the Supreme Court of the United States each convened for the first time, and the United States Bill of Rights was drafted, all at Federal Hall on Wall Street. By 1790, New York had surpassed Philadelphia as the largest city in the United States.', 0.99776626, 1)
('The City of New York has a complex park system, with various lands operated by the National Park Service, the New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation, and the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation.', 'The City of New York has a complex park system, with various lands managed by the National Park Service, by the New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation, and by the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation.', 0.9978249, 1)
("New York City has the largest European and non-Hispanic white population of any American city. At 2.7 million in 2012, New York's non-Hispanic white population is larger than the non-Hispanic white populations of Los Angeles (1.1 million), Chicago (865,000), and Houston (550,000) combined. The European diaspora residing in the city is very diverse. According to 2012 Census estimates, there were roughly 560,000 Italian Americans, 385,000 Irish Americans, 253,000 German Americans, 223,000 Russian Americans, 201,000 Polish Americans, and 137,000 English Americans. Additionally, Greek and French Americans numbered 65,000 each, with those of Hungarian descent estimated at 60,000 people. Ukrainian and Scottish Americans numbered 55,000 and 35,000, respectively. People identifying ancestry from Spain numbered 30,838 total in 2010. People of Norwegian and Swedish descent both stood at about 20,000 each, while people of Czech, Lithuanian, Portuguese, Scotch-Irish, and Welsh descent all numbered between 12,000–14,000 people. Arab Americans number over 160,000 in New York City, with the highest concentration in Brooklyn. Central Asians, primarily Uzbek Americans, are a rapidly growing segment of the city's non-Hispanic white population, enumerating over 30,000, and including over half of all Central Asian immigrants to the United States, most settling in Queens or Brooklyn. Albanian Americans are most highly concentrated in the Bronx.", " New York City has the largest European and non-Hispanic white population of any American city. In 2012, the non-Hispanic white population of New York was 2.7 million, larger than the combined non-Hispanic white populations of Los Angeles (1.1 million), Chicago (865,000), and Houston (550,000). The European diaspora in the city is very diverse. According to 2012 census estimates, there were approximately 560,000 Italian Americans, 385,000 Irish Americans, 253,000 German Americans, 223,000 Russian Americans, 201,000 Polish Americans, and 137,000 English Americans. Additionally, there were 65,000 Greek Americans and 65,000 French Americans. About 60,000 people were of Hungarian descent. Ukrainian and Scottish Americans numbered 55,000 and 35,000 respectively. People of Spanish origin numbered 30,838 in total in 2010. People of Norwegian and Swedish descent numbered around 20,000 each, while those of Czech, Lithuanian, Portuguese, Scottish-Irish, and Welsh descent all numbered between 12,000-14,000 people. Arab Americans number more than 160,000 in New York City, with the highest concentration in Brooklyn. Central Asians, primarily Uzbekian Americans, are a rapidly growing segment of the city's non-Hispanic white population, numbering over 30,000, and comprising more than half of all Central Asians who entered the United States, most of whom settled in Queens or Brooklyn. Albanian Americans are the most numerous in the Bronx.", 0.9978373, 1)
("In 1207, the Mongol ruler Genghis Khan (r. 1206–1227) conquered and subjugated the ethnic Tangut state of the Western Xia (1038–1227). In the same year, he established diplomatic relations with Tibet by sending envoys there. The conquest of the Western Xia alarmed Tibetan rulers, who decided to pay tribute to the Mongols. However, when they ceased to pay tribute after Genghis Khan's death, his successor Ögedei Khan (r. 1229–1241) launched an invasion into Tibet.", " In 1207, Mongol ruler Genghis Khan (r. 1206–1227) conquered and subjugated the ethnic Tangut state of the Western Xia (1038–1227). In the same year, he established diplomatic relations with Tibet by sending envoys there. The conquest of the Western Xia alarmed Tibetan rulers, who decided to pay tribute to the Mongols. However, when they stopped paying tribute after Genghis Khan's death, his successor Ögedei Khan (r. 1229–1241) launched an invasion into Tibet.", 0.9978608, 1)
('A direct chartered cargo flight was made by China Airlines from Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport to Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport sending some 100 tons of relief supplies donated by the Tzu Chi Foundation and the Red Cross Society of Taiwan to the affected areas. Approval from mainland Chinese authorities was sought, and the chartered flight departed Taipei at 17:00 CST, May 15 and arrived in Chengdu by 20:30 CST. A rescue team from the Red Cross in Taiwan was also scheduled to depart Taipei on a Mandarin Airlines direct chartered flight to Chengdu at 15:00 CST on May 16.', ' A direct chartered cargo flight was made by China Airlines from Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport to Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport, sending approximately 100 tons of relief supplies donated by the Tzu Chi Foundation and the Taiwan Red Cross to the affected areas. Approval from mainland Chinese authorities was sought, and the chartered flight departed Taipei at 17:00 CST on May 15 and arrived in Chengdu by 20:30 CST. A rescue team from the Taiwan Red Cross was also scheduled to depart Taipei on a Mandarin Airlines direct chartered flight to Chengdu at 15:00 CST on May 16.', 0.99789417, 1)
('There has been extensive use of antibiotics in animal husbandry. In the United States, the question of emergence of antibiotic-resistant bacterial strains due to use of antibiotics in livestock was raised by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1977. In March 2012, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, ruling in an action brought by the Natural Resources Defense Council and others, ordered the FDA to revoke approvals for the use of antibiotics in livestock, which violated FDA regulations.', ' There has been extensive use of antibiotics in animal husbandry. In the United States, the question of the emergence of antibiotic-resistant bacterial strains due to the use of antibiotics in livestock was raised by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1977. In March 2012, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, in a lawsuit brought by the Natural Resources Defense Council and others, ordered the FDA to revoke approvals for the use of antibiotics in livestock, as it violated FDA regulations.', 0.9978991, 1)
('Archaeology is the study of the human past through its material remains. Artifacts, faunal remains, and human altered landscapes are evidence of the cultural and material lives of past societies. Archaeologists examine these material remains in order to deduce patterns of past human behavior and cultural practices. Ethnoarchaeology is a type of archaeology that studies the practices and material remains of living human groups in order to gain a better understanding of the evidence left behind by past human groups, who are presumed to have lived in similar ways.', ' Archaeology is the study of the human past through its material remains. Artifacts, faunal remains, and human-altered landscapes are evidence of the cultural and material lives of past societies. Archaeologists examine these material remains to infer patterns of past human behavior and cultural practices. Ethnoarchaeology is a type of archaeology that studies the practices and material remains of living human groups to gain a better understanding of the evidence left behind by past human groups, who are presumed to have lived in similar ways.', 0.99791884, 1)
('Beyoncé further expanded her acting career, starring as blues singer Etta James in the 2008 musical biopic, Cadillac Records. Her performance in the film received praise from critics, and she garnered several nominations for her portrayal of James, including a Satellite Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress, and a NAACP Image Award nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress. Beyoncé donated her entire salary from the film to Phoenix House, an organization of rehabilitation centers for heroin addicts around the country. On January 20, 2009, Beyoncé performed James\' "At Last" at the First Couple\'s first inaugural ball. Beyoncé starred opposite Ali Larter and Idris Elba in the thriller, Obsessed. She played Sharon Charles, a mother and wife who learns of a woman\'s obsessive behavior over her husband. Although the film received negative reviews from critics, the movie did well at the US box office, grossing $68 million—$60 million more than Cadillac Records—on a budget of $20 million. The fight scene finale between Sharon and the character played by Ali Larter also won the 2010 MTV Movie Award for Best Fight.', ' Beyoncé expanded her acting career by starring as blues singer Etta James in the musical biopic Cadillac Records (2008). Her performance in the film received critical acclaim, and she received several nominations for her portrayal of James, including a Satellite Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress, and a NAACP Image Award nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress. Beyoncé donated her entire salary from the film to Phoenix House, an organization of rehabilitation centers for heroin addicts across the country. On January 20, 2009, Beyoncé sang "At Last" of James at the First Couple\'s first inaugural ball. Beyoncé starred opposite Ali Larter and Idris Elba in the thriller, Obsessed. She played Sharon Charles, a mother and wife who discovers a woman\'s obsessive behavior over her husband. Despite negative reviews from critics, the film did well in the American box office, grossing $68 million—$60 million more than Cadillac Records—on a budget of $20 million. The fight scene finale between Sharon and the character played by Ali Larter won the 2010 MTV Movie Award for Best Fight.', 0.9979548, 1)
('There are at least 3,223 named lakes and reservoirs in Montana, including Flathead Lake, the largest natural freshwater lake in the western United States. Other major lakes include Whitefish Lake in the Flathead Valley and Lake McDonald and St. Mary Lake in Glacier National Park. The largest reservoir in the state is Fort Peck Reservoir on the Missouri river, which is contained by the second largest earthen dam and largest hydraulically filled dam in the world. Other major reservoirs include Hungry Horse on the Flathead River; Lake Koocanusa on the Kootenai River; Lake Elwell on the Marias River; Clark Canyon on the Beaverhead River; Yellowtail on the Bighorn River, Canyon Ferry, Hauser, Holter, Rainbow; and Black Eagle on the Missouri River.', ' There are at least 3,223 named lakes and reservoirs in Montana, including Flathead Lake, the largest natural sweetwater lake in the western United States. Other significant lakes are Whitefish Lake in the Flathead Valley, and Lake McDonald and St. Mary Lake in Glacier National Park. The largest reservoir in the state is Fort Peck Reservoir on the Missouri River, which is managed by the second largest earthen dam and largest hydropower-filled dam in the world. Other significant reservoirs are Hungry Horse on the Flathead River; Lake Koocanusa on the Kootenai River; Lake Elwell on the Marias River; Clark Canyon on the Beaverhead River; Yellowtail on the Bighorn River, Canyon Ferry, Hauser, Holter, Rainbow and Black Eagle on the Missouri River.', 0.997974, 1)
('New York City has over 28,000 acres (110 km2) of municipal parkland and 14 miles (23 km) of public beaches. Parks in New York City include Central Park, Prospect Park, Flushing Meadows–Corona Park, Forest Park, and Washington Square Park. The largest municipal park in the city is Pelham Bay Park with 2,700 acres (1,093 ha).', ' New York City has over 28,000 acres (110 km2) of municipal parkland and 14 miles (23 km) of public beaches. In New York City, there are parks such as Central Park, Prospect Park, Flushing Meadows–Corona Park, Forest Park, and Washington Square Park. The largest municipal park in the city is Pelham Bay Park, with 2,700 acres (1,093 ha).', 0.9979836, 1)
('The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s. Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B.S. degrees offered. Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B.A. and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively.', ' The College of Engineering was established in 1920, but the early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were part of the College of Science since the 1870s. Today, the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, consists of five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – offering eight B.Sc. degrees. Furthermore, the college provides five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business, granting additional B.A. and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively.', 0.9979867, 1)
('A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr. Zahm, but in 1950 it was converted to a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma. Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural, and educational activities. LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1.2 million. Many businesses, services, and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are found within. The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains.', ' A Science Hall was built in 1883 under the direction of Fr. Zahm. However, in 1950, it was converted into a student union building and named LaFortune Center, after Joseph LaFortune, an oil executive from Tulsa, Oklahoma. Commonly known as "LaFortune" or "LaFun," it is a 4-story building of 83,000 square feet that provides the Notre Dame community with a meeting place for social, recreational, cultural and educational activities. LaFortune employs 35 part-time student staff and 29 full-time non-student staff and has an annual budget of $1.2 million. Many businesses, services and divisions of The Office of Student Affairs are located there. The building also houses restaurants from national restaurant chains.', 0.9979963, 1)
("Beyoncé has worked with Pepsi since 2002, and in 2004 appeared in a Gladiator-themed commercial with Britney Spears, Pink, and Enrique Iglesias. In 2012, Beyoncé signed a $50 million deal to endorse Pepsi. The Center for Science in the Public Interest (CSPINET) wrote Beyoncé an open letter asking her to reconsider the deal because of the unhealthiness of the product and to donate the proceeds to a medical organisation. Nevertheless, NetBase found that Beyoncé's campaign was the most talked about endorsement in April 2013, with a 70 per cent positive audience response to the commercial and print ads.", " Since 2002, Beyoncé has worked with Pepsi. In 2004, she appeared in a Gladiator-themed commercial with Britney Spears, Pink, and Enrique Iglesias. In 2012, Beyoncé signed a $50 million deal to promote Pepsi. The Center for Science in the Public Interest (CSPINET) wrote Beyoncé an open letter asking her to reconsider the deal due to the unhealthiness of the product and to donate the proceeds to a medical organization. Despite this, NetBase found that Beyoncé's campaign was the most discussed endorsement in April 2013, with a 70% positive response from viewers to the commercial and print ads.", 0.99799705, 1)
("With the death of Zhengde and ascension of Jiajing, the politics at court shifted in favor of the Neo-Confucian establishment which not only rejected the Portuguese embassy of Fernão Pires de Andrade (d. 1523), but had a predisposed animosity towards Tibetan Buddhism and lamas. Evelyn S. Rawski, a professor in the Department of History of the University of Pittsburgh, writes that the Ming's unique relationship with Tibetan prelates essentially ended with Jiajing's reign while Ming influence in the Amdo region was supplanted by the Mongols.", " With the death of Zhengde and the ascension of Jiajing, the politics at court shifted in favor of the Neo-Confucian establishment which not only rejected the Portuguese embassy of Fernão Pires de Andrade (d. 1523), but had a predisposed animosity towards Tibetan Buddhism and lamas. Evelyn S. Rawski, a professor in the Department of History of the University of Pittsburgh, writes that the unique relationship of the Ming with Tibetan prelates essentially ended with Jiajing's reign, while Ming influence in the Amdo region was supplanted by the Mongols.", 0.99801695, 1)
('Since October 2004, the iPod line has dominated digital music player sales in the United States, with over 90% of the market for hard drive-based players and over 70% of the market for all types of players. During the year from January 2004 to January 2005, the high rate of sales caused its U.S. market share to increase from 31% to 65% and in July 2005, this market share was measured at 74%. In January 2007 the iPod market share reached 72.7% according to Bloomberg Online.', ' Since October 2004, the iPod line has dominated the digital music player sales in the United States, holding over 90% of the market for hard drive-based players and over 70% of the market for all types of players. Between January 2004 and January 2005, the high sales rate caused its U.S. market share to increase from 31% to 65%, and in July 2005 this market share was measured at 74%. In January 2007, the iPod market share was 72.7% according to Bloomberg Online.', 0.9980539, 1)
('With his mazurkas and polonaises, Chopin has been credited with introducing to music a new sense of nationalism. Schumann, in his 1836 review of the piano concertos, highlighted the composer\'s strong feelings for his native Poland, writing that "Now that the Poles are in deep mourning [after the failure of the November 1830 rising], their appeal to us artists is even stronger ... If the mighty autocrat in the north [i.e. Nicholas I of Russia] could know that in Chopin\'s works, in the simple strains of his mazurkas, there lurks a dangerous enemy, he would place a ban on his music. Chopin\'s works are cannon buried in flowers!" The biography of Chopin published in 1863 under the name of Franz Liszt (but probably written by Carolyne zu Sayn-Wittgenstein) claims that Chopin "must be ranked first among the first musicians ... individualizing in themselves the poetic sense of an entire nation."', ' With his mazurkas and polonaises, Chopin is credited with introducing to music a new sense of nationalism. Schumann, in his 1836 review of the piano concertos, emphasized the strong feelings of the composer for his native Poland, writing that "Now that the Poles are in deep mourning [after the failure of the November 1830 rising], their appeal to us artists is even stronger ... If the mighty autocrat in the north [i.e. Nicholas I of Russia] could know that in Chopin\'s works, in the simple strains of his mazurkas, there lurks a dangerous enemy, he would place a ban on his music. Chopin\'s works are cannon buried in flowers!" The biography of Chopin published in 1863 under the name of Franz Liszt (but probably written by Carolyne zu Sayn-Wittgenstein) states that Chopin "must be ranked first among the first musicians ... individualizing in themselves the poetic sense of an entire nation."', 0.9980683, 1)
('Sociocultural anthropology has been heavily influenced by structuralist and postmodern theories, as well as a shift toward the analysis of modern societies. During the 1970s and 1990s, there was an epistemological shift away from the positivist traditions that had largely informed the discipline.[page needed] During this shift, enduring questions about the nature and production of knowledge came to occupy a central place in cultural and social anthropology. In contrast, archaeology and biological anthropology remained largely positivist. Due to this difference in epistemology, the four sub-fields of anthropology have lacked cohesion over the last several decades.', 'Sociocultural anthropology has been significantly influenced by structuralist and postmodern theories, as well as a shift toward the analysis of modern societies. During the 1970s and 1990s, there was an epistemological shift away from the positivist traditions that had largely informed the discipline. During this shift, enduring questions about the nature and production of knowledge came to occupy a central place in cultural and social anthropology. In contrast, archaeology and biological anthropology remained largely positivist. Due to this difference in epistemology, the four sub-fields of anthropology have lacked cohesion over the last several decades.', 0.9980743, 1)
('In addition to the principal cast, Alessandro Cremona was cast as Marco Sciarra, Stephanie Sigman was cast as Estrella, and Detlef Bothe was cast as a villain for scenes shot in Austria. In February 2015 over fifteen hundred extras were hired for the pre-title sequence set in Mexico, though they were duplicated in the film, giving the effect of around ten thousand extras.', ' In addition to the main cast, Alessandro Cremona was cast as Marco Sciarra, Stephanie Sigman was cast as Estrella, and Detlef Bothe was cast as a villain for scenes shot in Austria. In February 2015, around fifteen hundred extras were hired for the pre-title sequence set in Mexico. However, they were duplicated in the film, giving the effect of approximately ten thousand extras.', 0.99808127, 1)
("Bozeman Yellowstone International Airport is the busiest airport in the state of Montana, surpassing Billings Logan International Airport in the spring of 2013. Montana's other major Airports include Billings Logan International Airport, Missoula International Airport, Great Falls International Airport, Glacier Park International Airport, Helena Regional Airport, Bert Mooney Airport and Yellowstone Airport. Eight smaller communities have airports designated for commercial service under the Essential Air Service program.", " Bozeman Yellowstone International Airport is the busiest airport in the state of Montana, exceeding Billings Logan International Airport in the spring of 2013. Montana's other major airports include Billings Logan International Airport, Missoula International Airport, Great Falls International Airport, Glacier Park International Airport, Helena Regional Airport, Bert Mooney Airport, and Yellowstone Airport. Eight smaller communities have airports designated for commercial service under the Essential Air Service program.", 0.9980878, 1)
('In September 2007, during a lawsuit with patent holding company Burst.com, Apple drew attention to a patent for a similar device that was developed in 1979. Kane Kramer applied for a UK patent for his design of a "plastic music box" in 1981, which he called the IXI. He was unable to secure funding to renew the US$120,000 worldwide patent, so it lapsed and Kramer never profited from his idea.', ' In September 2007, during a lawsuit with patent holding company Burst.com, Apple drew attention to a patent for a similar device that was developed in 1979. Kane Kramer had applied for a UK patent for his design of a "plastic music box" in 1981, which he called the IXI. He was unable to secure funding to renew the $120,000 worldwide patent, so it expired and Kramer never profited from his idea.', 0.99809664, 1)
('Beyoncé Giselle Knowles was born in Houston, Texas, to Celestine Ann "Tina" Knowles (née Beyincé), a hairdresser and salon owner, and Mathew Knowles, a Xerox sales manager. Beyoncé\'s name is a tribute to her mother\'s maiden name. Beyoncé\'s younger sister Solange is also a singer and a former member of Destiny\'s Child. Mathew is African-American, while Tina is of Louisiana Creole descent (with African, Native American, French, Cajun, and distant Irish and Spanish ancestry). Through her mother, Beyoncé is a descendant of Acadian leader Joseph Broussard. She was raised in a Methodist household.', ' Beyoncé Giselle Knowles was born in Houston, Texas, to Celestine Ann "Tina" Knowles, a hairdresser and salon owner, and Mathew Knowles, a Xerox sales manager. The name Beyoncé is a tribute to her mother\'s maiden name. Solange Knowles, the younger sister of Beyoncé, is also a singer and a former member of Destiny\'s Child. Matthew is African-American, while Tina is of Louisiana Creole descent (with African, Native American, French, Cajun, and distant Irish and Spanish ancestry). Through her mother, Beyoncé is a descendant of Acadian leader Joseph Broussard. She was raised in a Methodist household.', 0.9981271, 1)
("The New York Public Library, which has the largest collection of any public library system in the United States, serves Manhattan, the Bronx, and Staten Island. Queens is served by the Queens Borough Public Library, the nation's second largest public library system, while the Brooklyn Public Library serves Brooklyn.", ' The New York Public Library, which has the largest collection of any public library system in the United States, serves Manhattan, The Bronx, and Staten Island. Queens is served by the Queens Borough Public Library, the second largest public library system in the United States, while Brooklyn is served by the Brooklyn Public Library.', 0.99816424, 1)
('Many rescue teams, including that of the Taipei Fire Department from Taiwan, were reported ready to join the rescue effort in Sichuan as early as Wednesday. However, the Red Cross Society of China said that (on May 13) "it was inconvenient currently due to the traffic problem to the hardest hit areas closest to the epicenter." The Red Cross Society of China also stated that the disaster areas need tents, medical supplies, drinking water and food; however it recommended donating cash instead of other items, as it had not been possible to reach roads that were completely damaged or places that were blocked off by landslides. Landslides continuously threatened the progress of a search and rescue group of 80 men, each carrying about 40 kg of relief supplies, from a motorized infantry brigade under commander Yang Wenyao, as they tried to reach the ethnically Tibetan village of Sier at a height of 4000 m above sea level in Pingwu county. The extreme terrain conditions precluded the use of helicopter evacuation, and over 300 of the Tibetan villagers were stranded in their demolished village for five days without food and water before the rescue group finally arrived to help the injured and stranded villagers down the mountain.', 'Many rescue teams, including that of the Taipei Fire Department from Taiwan, were reported ready to join the rescue effort in Sichuan as early as Wednesday. However, the Red Cross Society of China stated on May 13 that it was inconvenient currently due to the traffic problem to reach the hardest hit areas closest to the epicenter. The Red Cross Society of China also stated that the disaster areas need tents, medical supplies, drinking water and food. However, it recommended donating cash instead of other items, as it had not been possible to reach roads that were completely damaged or places that were blocked off by landslides.Landslides continuously threatened the progress of a search and rescue group of 80 men, each carrying about 40 kg of relief supplies, from a motorized infantry brigade under commander Yang Wenyao, as they tried to reach the ethnically Tibetan village of Sier at a height of 4000 m above sea level in Pingwu county. The extreme terrain conditions precluded the use of helicopter evacuation, and over 300 of the Tibetan villagers were affected.', 0.99818194, 1)
('Scholars have characterized To Kill a Mockingbird as both a Southern Gothic and coming-of-age or Bildungsroman novel. The grotesque and near-supernatural qualities of Boo Radley and his house, and the element of racial injustice involving Tom Robinson contribute to the aura of the Gothic in the novel. Lee used the term "Gothic" to describe the architecture of Maycomb\'s courthouse and in regard to Dill\'s exaggeratedly morbid performances as Boo Radley. Outsiders are also an important element of Southern Gothic texts and Scout and Jem\'s questions about the hierarchy in the town cause scholars to compare the novel to Catcher in the Rye and Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Despite challenging the town\'s systems, Scout reveres Atticus as an authority above all others, because he believes that following one\'s conscience is the highest priority, even when the result is social ostracism. However, scholars debate about the Southern Gothic classification, noting that Boo Radley is in fact human, protective, and benevolent. Furthermore, in addressing themes such as alcoholism, incest, rape, and racial violence, Lee wrote about her small town realistically rather than melodramatically. She portrays the problems of individual characters as universal underlying issues in every society.', ' Scholars have characterized To Kill a Mockingbird as both a Southern Gothic and coming-of-age or Bildungsroman novel. The grotesque and near-supernatural qualities of Boo Radley and his house, and the element of racial injustice involving Tom Robinson contribute to the aura of the Gothic in the novel. Lee used the term "Gothic" to describe the architecture of Maycomb\'s courthouse and in regard to Dill\'s exaggeratedly morbid performances as Boo Radley. Outsiders are also an important element of Southern Gothic texts, and Scout and Jem\'s questions about the hierarchy in the town cause scholars to compare the novel to Catcher in the Rye and Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Despite challenging the town\'s systems, Scout reveres Atticus as an authority above all others, because he believes that following one\'s conscience is the highest priority, even when the result is social ostracism. However, scholars debate about the Southern Gothic classification, noting that Boo Radley is in fact human, protective, and benevolent. Furthermore, in addressing themes such as alcoholism, incest, rape, and racial violence, Lee wrote about her small town realistically rather than melodramatically. She portrays the problems of individual characters as universal underlying issues in every society.', 0.998183, 1)
("New York City is additionally a center for the advertising, music, newspaper, digital media, and publishing industries and is also the largest media market in North America. Some of the city's media conglomerates and institutions include Time Warner, the Thomson Reuters Corporation, the Associated Press, Bloomberg L.P., the News Corporation, The New York Times Company, NBCUniversal, the Hearst Corporation, AOL, and Viacom. Seven of the world's top eight global advertising agency networks have their headquarters in New York. Two of the top three record labels' headquarters are in New York: Sony Music Entertainment and Warner Music Group. Universal Music Group also has offices in New York. New media enterprises are contributing an increasingly important component to the city's central role in the media sphere.", " New York City is also a hub for the advertising, music, newspaper, digital media, and publishing industries and is the largest media market in North America. Some of the city's media conglomerates and institutions include Time Warner, the Thomson Reuters Corporation, the Associated Press, Bloomberg L.P., the News Corporation, The New York Times Company, NBCUniversal, the Hearst Corporation, AOL, and Viacom. Seven of the world's top eight global advertising agency networks have their headquarters in New York. Two of the top three record labels have their headquarters in New York: Sony Music Entertainment and Warner Music Group. Universal Music Group also has offices in New York. New media enterprises are increasingly contributing to the city's central role in the media sphere.", 0.99820924, 1)
("For all iPods released in 2006 and earlier, some equalizer (EQ) sound settings would distort the bass sound far too easily, even on undemanding songs. This would happen for EQ settings like R&B, Rock, Acoustic, and Bass Booster, because the equalizer amplified the digital audio level beyond the software's limit, causing distortion (clipping) on bass instruments.", " For all iPods released in 2006 and earlier, some equalizer (EQ) sound settings would distort the bass sound too easily, even on undemanding songs. This would occur for EQ settings like R&B, Rock, Acoustic, and Bass Booster, because the equalizer amplified the digital audio level beyond the software's limit, resulting in distortion (clipping) on bass instruments.", 0.9982133, 1)
('Tracks of the Northern Pacific Railroad (NPR) reached Montana from the west in 1881 and from the east in 1882. However, the railroad played a major role in sparking tensions with Native American tribes in the 1870s. Jay Cooke, the NPR president launched major surveys into the Yellowstone valley in 1871, 1872 and 1873 which were challenged forcefully by the Sioux under chief Sitting Bull. These clashes, in part, contributed to the Panic of 1873 which delayed construction of the railroad into Montana. Surveys in 1874, 1875 and 1876 helped spark the Great Sioux War of 1876. The transcontinental NPR was completed on September 8, 1883, at Gold Creek.', ' [The Northern Pacific Railroad (NPR) tracks reached Montana in 1881 from the west and in 1882 from the east. However, the railroad played a major role in sparking tensions with Native American tribes in the 1870s. Jay Cooke, the NPR president, launched major surveys in the Yellowstone valley in 1871, 1872 and 1873 which were forcefully opposed by the Sioux under chief Sitting Bull. These clashes, in part, contributed to the Panic of 1873 which delayed construction of the railroad into Montana. Surveys in 1874, 1875 and 1876 helped spark the Great Sioux War of 1876. The transcontinental NPR was completed on September 8, 1883, at Gold Creek.]', 0.99824274, 1)
("To Kill a Mockingbird was Lee's only published book until Go Set a Watchman, an earlier draft of To Kill a Mockingbird, was published on July 14, 2015. Lee continued to respond to her work's impact until her death in February 2016, although she had refused any personal publicity for herself or the novel since 1964.", "To Kill a Mockingbird was Lee's only published book until Go Set a Watchman, an earlier version of To Kill a Mockingbird, was published on July 14, 2015. Lee continued to respond to the impact of her work until her death in February 2016. However, she had refused any personal publicity for herself or the novel since 1964.", 0.9983213, 1)
("The George Washington Bridge is the world's busiest motor vehicle bridge, connecting Manhattan to Bergen County, New Jersey. The Verrazano-Narrows Bridge is the longest suspension bridge in the Americas and one of the world's longest. The Brooklyn Bridge is an icon of the city itself. The towers of the Brooklyn Bridge are built of limestone, granite, and Rosendale cement, and their architectural style is neo-Gothic, with characteristic pointed arches above the passageways through the stone towers. This bridge was also the longest suspension bridge in the world from its opening until 1903, and is the first steel-wire suspension bridge.", " The George Washington Bridge is the world's busiest motor bridge, connecting Manhattan to Bergen County, New Jersey. The Verrazano-Narrows Bridge is the longest suspension bridge in the Americas and one of the longest in the world. The Brooklyn Bridge is an icon of the city itself. The towers of the Brooklyn Bridge are made of limestone, granite, and Rosendale cement, and their architectural style is neo-Gothic, with characteristic pointed arches above the passageways through the stone towers. This bridge was also the longest suspension bridge in the world from its opening in 1883 until 1903, and is the first steel-wire suspension bridge.", 0.9983289, 1)
('The President, who is elected to a five-year term, has an executive role: the current President is Aníbal Cavaco Silva. The Assembly of the Republic is a single chamber parliament composed of 230 deputies elected for a four-year term. The Government is headed by the Prime Minister (currently António Costa) and includes Ministers and Secretaries of State. The Courts are organized into several levels, among the judicial, administrative and fiscal branches. The Supreme Courts are institutions of last resort/appeal. A thirteen-member Constitutional Court oversees the constitutionality of the laws.', ' The President, who is elected for a five-year term, holds an executive role. The current President is Aníbal Cavaco Silva. The Assembly of the Republic is a single chamber parliament consisting of 230 deputies, who are elected for a four-year term. The Government is headed by the Prime Minister (currently António Costa), and includes Ministers and Secretaries of State. The Courts are organized into several branches, including the judicial, administrative, and fiscal branches. The Supreme Courts serve as institutions of last resort/appeal. A thirteen-member Constitutional Court oversees the constitutionality of the laws.', 0.998329, 1)
("At the funeral of the tenor Adolphe Nourrit in Paris in 1839, Chopin made a rare appearance at the organ, playing a transcription of Franz Schubert's lied Die Gestirne. On 26 July 1840 Chopin and Sand were present at the dress rehearsal of Berlioz's Grande symphonie funèbre et triomphale, composed to commemorate the tenth anniversary of the July Revolution. Chopin was reportedly unimpressed with the composition.", ' During the funeral of the tenor Adolphe Nourrit in Paris in 1839, Chopin made a rare appearance at the organ, playing a transcription of Franz Schubert\'s song "The Stars". On 26 July 1840, Chopin and Sand were present at the dress rehearsal of Berlioz\'s Grande symphonie funèbre et triomphale, composed to commemorate the tenth anniversary of the July Revolution. Chopin was reportedly unimpressed with the composition.', 0.9983537, 1)
('The third generation began including a 30-pin dock connector, allowing for FireWire or USB connectivity. This provided better compatibility with non-Apple machines, as most of them did not have FireWire ports at the time. Eventually Apple began shipping iPods with USB cables instead of FireWire, although the latter was available separately. As of the first-generation iPod Nano and the fifth-generation iPod Classic, Apple discontinued using FireWire for data transfer (while still allowing for use of FireWire to charge the device) in an attempt to reduce cost and form factor. As of the second-generation iPod Touch and the fourth-generation iPod Nano, FireWire charging ability has been removed. The second-, third-, and fourth-generation iPod Shuffle uses a single 3.5 mm minijack phone connector which acts as both a headphone jack and a data port for the dock.', ' The third generation introduced a 30-pin dock connector, allowing for FireWire or USB connectivity. This provided better compatibility with non-Apple machines, as most of them did not have FireWire ports at the time. Apple eventually started shipping iPods with USB cables instead of FireWire, although the latter was available separately. Since the first-generation iPod Nano and the fifth-generation iPod Classic, Apple discontinued using FireWire for data transfer (while still allowing for use of FireWire to charge the device) in an attempt to reduce cost and form factor. Since the second-generation iPod Touch and the fourth-generation iPod Nano, FireWire charging ability has been removed. The second-, third-, and fourth-generation iPod Shuffle uses a single 3.5 mm minijack phone connector which acts as both a headphone jack and a data port for the dock.', 0.99838907, 1)
('The earthquake was the worst to strike the Sichuan area in over 30 years. Following the quake, experts and the general public sought information on whether or not the earthquake could have been predicted in advance, and whether or not studying statistics related to the quake could result in better prediction of earthquakes in the future. Earthquake prediction is not yet established science; there was no consensus within the scientific community that earthquake "prediction" is possible.', ' The earthquake was the worst to hit the Sichuan area in over 30 years. After the quake, experts and the public sought information on whether or not the earthquake could have been predicted in advance, and whether or not studying statistics related to the quake could lead to better prediction of earthquakes in the future. Earthquake prediction is not yet an established science; there is no consensus within the scientific community that earthquake "prediction" is possible.', 0.998405, 1)
("Other important sectors include medical research and technology, non-profit institutions, and universities. Manufacturing accounts for a significant but declining share of employment, although the city's garment industry is showing a resurgence in Brooklyn. Food processing is a US$5 billion industry that employs more than 19,000 residents.", ' Other important sectors include medical research and technology, non-profit institutions, and universities. Manufacturing accounts for a significant but declining share of employment, although the garment industry is showing a resurgence in Brooklyn. Food processing is a US$5 billion industry that employs over 19,000 residents.', 0.9984066, 1)
("Notre Dame rose to national prominence in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, especially under the guidance of the legendary coach Knute Rockne. The university's athletic teams are members of the NCAA Division I and are known collectively as the Fighting Irish. The football team, an Independent, has accumulated eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and is considered one of the most famed and successful college football teams in history. Other ND teams, chiefly in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have accumulated 16 national championships. The Notre Dame Victory March is often regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song.", " Notre Dame gained national recognition in the early 1900s for its Fighting Irish football team, particularly under the tutelage of legendary coach Knute Rockne. The university's athletic teams are part of the NCAA Division I and are collectively referred to as the Fighting Irish. The independent football team has amassed eleven consensus national championships, seven Heisman Trophy winners, 62 members in the College Football Hall of Fame, and 13 members in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. It is considered one of the most renowned and successful college football teams in history. Other ND teams, primarily in the Atlantic Coast Conference, have earned 16 national championships. The Notre Dame Victory March is widely regarded as the most famous and recognizable collegiate fight song.", 0.9984081, 1)
('Beyoncé has stated that she is personally inspired by US First Lady Michelle Obama, saying "She proves you can do it all" and she has described Oprah Winfrey as "the definition of inspiration and a strong woman". She has also discussed how Jay Z is a continuing inspiration to her, both with what she describes as his lyrical genius and in the obstacles he has overcome in his life. Beyoncé has expressed admiration for the artist Jean-Michel Basquiat, posting in a letter "what I find in the work of Jean-Michel Basquiat, I search for in every day in music... he is lyrical and raw". In February 2013, Beyoncé said that Madonna inspired her to take control of her own career. She commented: "I think about Madonna and how she took all of the great things she achieved and started the label and developed other artists. But there are not enough of those women.".', ' Beyoncé has stated that she is personally inspired by US First Lady Michelle Obama, saying "She proves you can do it all." and she has described Oprah Winfrey as "the definition of inspiration and a strong woman." Beyoncé also discussed how Jay Z is a continuing inspiration to her, both with what she describes as his lyrical genius and in the obstacles he has overcome in his life. Beyoncé expresses admiration for the artist Jean-Michel Basquiat, in a letter "what I find in the work of Jean-Michel Basquiat, I search for in every day in music... he is lyrical and raw." In February 2013, Beyoncé said that Madonna inspired her to take control of her own career. She commented: "I think about Madonna and how she took all of the great things she achieved and started the label and developed other artists. But there are not enough of those women."', 0.9984119, 1)
('New York has architecturally noteworthy buildings in a wide range of styles and from distinct time periods, from the saltbox style Pieter Claesen Wyckoff House in Brooklyn, the oldest section of which dates to 1656, to the modern One World Trade Center, the skyscraper at Ground Zero in Lower Manhattan and currently the most expensive new office tower in the world.', ' New York has architecturally remarkable buildings in a wide range of styles and from distinct time periods. From the saltbox style Pieter Claesen Wyckoff House in Brooklyn, where the oldest part dates back to 1656, to the modern One World Trade Center, the skyscraper at Ground Zero in Lower Manhattan and currently the most expensive new office tower in the world.', 0.99844533, 1)
("LeToya Luckett and Roberson became unhappy with Mathew's managing of the band and eventually were replaced by Farrah Franklin and Michelle Williams. Beyoncé experienced depression following the split with Luckett and Roberson after being publicly blamed by the media, critics, and blogs for its cause. Her long-standing boyfriend left her at this time. The depression was so severe it lasted for a couple of years, during which she occasionally kept herself in her bedroom for days and refused to eat anything. Beyoncé stated that she struggled to speak about her depression because Destiny's Child had just won their first Grammy Award and she feared no one would take her seriously. Beyoncé would later speak of her mother as the person who helped her fight it. Franklin was dismissed, leaving just Beyoncé, Rowland, and Williams.", " LeToya Luckett and Roberson were unhappy with Mathews managing of the band and were eventually replaced by Farrah Franklin and Michelle Williams. Beyoncé experienced depression following the split with Luckett and Roberson after being publicly blamed by the media, critics, and blogs for its cause. Her long-term boyfriend left her at that time. The depression was so severe it lasted for a couple of years, during which she occasionally kept herself in her bedroom for days and refused to eat anything. Beyoncé stated later that she struggled to speak about her depression because Destiny's Child had just won their first Grammy Award and she feared no one would take her seriously. Beyoncé would later speak of her mother as the person who helped her fight it. Franklin was dismissed, leaving just Beyoncé, Rowland, and Williams.", 0.99848354, 1)
("The New York metropolitan area is home to a self-identifying gay and bisexual community estimated at 568,903 individuals, the largest in the United States and one of the world's largest. Same-sex marriages in New York were legalized on June 24, 2011 and were authorized to take place beginning 30 days thereafter.", ' The New York metropolitan area is home to a self-identifying gay and bisexual community numbering approximately 568,903 individuals, the largest in the United States and one of the largest in the world. Same-sex marriages in New York were legalized on June 24, 2011 and were authorized to commence 30 days thereafter.', 0.9984871, 1)
("The last opus number that Chopin himself used was 65, allocated to the Cello Sonata in G minor. He expressed a deathbed wish that all his unpublished manuscripts be destroyed. At the request of the composer's mother and sisters, however, his musical executor Julian Fontana selected 23 unpublished piano pieces and grouped them into eight further opus numbers (Opp. 66–73), published in 1855. In 1857, 17 Polish songs that Chopin wrote at various stages of his life were collected and published as Op. 74, though their order within the opus did not reflect the order of composition.", " The last opus number that Chopin himself used was 65, assigned to the Cello Sonata in G minor. He expressed a deathbed wish that all his unpublished manuscripts be destroyed. However, at the request of Chopin's mother and sisters, his musical executor Julian Fontana selected 23 unpublished piano pieces and grouped them into eight further opus numbers (Opp. 66–73), published in 1855. In 1857, 17 Polish songs that Chopin wrote at various stages of his life were collected and published as Op. 74. Their order within the opus did not reflect the order of composition.", 0.9984915, 1)
('Beyoncé\'s first solo recording was a feature on Jay Z\'s "\'03 Bonnie & Clyde" that was released in October 2002, peaking at number four on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart. Her first solo album Dangerously in Love was released on June 24, 2003, after Michelle Williams and Kelly Rowland had released their solo efforts. The album sold 317,000 copies in its first week, debuted atop the Billboard 200, and has since sold 11 million copies worldwide. The album\'s lead single, "Crazy in Love", featuring Jay Z, became Beyoncé\'s first number-one single as a solo artist in the US. The single "Baby Boy" also reached number one, and singles, "Me, Myself and I" and "Naughty Girl", both reached the top-five. The album earned Beyoncé a then record-tying five awards at the 46th Annual Grammy Awards; Best Contemporary R&B Album, Best Female R&B Vocal Performance for "Dangerously in Love 2", Best R&B Song and Best Rap/Sung Collaboration for "Crazy in Love", and Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals for "The Closer I Get to You" with Luther Vandross.', 'Beyoncé\'s first solo recording was a performance on Jay Z\'s "03 Bonnie & Clyde," which was released in October 2002 and reached number four on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart. Her first solo album, Dangerously in Love, was released on June 24, 2003, following solo attempts by Michelle Williams and Kelly Rowland. The album sold 317,000 copies in its first week, debuted at the top of the Billboard 200, and has since sold 11 million copies worldwide. The number-one single "Crazy in Love," featuring Jay Z, was Beyoncé\'s first number-one hit in the US as a solo artist. The song "Baby Boy" also reached the number-one position, and "Me, Myself and I" and "Naughty Girl," both reached the top five. The album earned Beyoncé a record-breaking five awards at the 46th annual Grammy Awards: Best Contemporary R&B Album, Best Female R&B Vocal Performance for "Dangerously in Love 2," Best R&B Song and Best Rap/Sung Collaboration for "Crazy in Love," and Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal for "The Closer I Get to You" with Luther Vandross.', 0.99851024, 1)
('The FDNY headquarters is located at 9 MetroTech Center in Downtown Brooklyn, and the FDNY Fire Academy is located on Randalls Island. There are three Bureau of Fire Communications alarm offices which receive and dispatch alarms to appropriate units. One office, at 11 Metrotech Center in Brooklyn, houses Manhattan/Citywide, Brooklyn, and Staten Island Fire Communications. The Bronx and Queens offices are in separate buildings.', 'The FDNY headquarters are located at 9 MetroTech Center in Downtown Brooklyn, and the FDNY Fire Academy is located on Randalls Island. There are three communication offices of the Bureau of Fire Communications that receive and dispatch alarms to the appropriate units. One office, at 11 Metrotech Center in Brooklyn, houses Manhattan/Citywide, Brooklyn, and Staten Island Fire Communications. The Bronx and Queens offices are in separate buildings.', 0.9985306, 1)
('The artificial intelligence (AI) of enemies in Twilight Princess is more advanced than that of enemies in The Wind Waker. Enemies react to defeated companions and to arrows or slingshot pellets that pass by, and can detect Link from a greater distance than was possible in previous games.', ' The artificial intelligence (AI) of enemies in Twilight Princess is more advanced than that of enemies in The Wind Waker. Enemies react to defeated companions and to arrows or slingshot pellets that pass by. They can detect Link from a greater distance than was possible in previous games.', 0.99855244, 1)
("In his native Poland, in France, where he composed most of his works, and beyond, Chopin's music, his status as one of music's earliest superstars, his association (if only indirect) with political insurrection, his love life and his early death have made him, in the public consciousness, a leading symbol of the Romantic era. His works remain popular, and he has been the subject of numerous films and biographies of varying degrees of historical accuracy.", " In his native Poland, in France, where he composed most of his works, and beyond, Chopin's music, his status as one of music's earliest superstars, his indirect association with political insurrection, his love life, and his early death have made him, in the public consciousness, a leading symbol of the Romantic era. His works remain popular, and he has been the subject of numerous films and biographies of varying degrees of historical accuracy.", 0.9985835, 1)
('Solar distillation can be used to make saline or brackish water potable. The first recorded instance of this was by 16th-century Arab alchemists. A large-scale solar distillation project was first constructed in 1872 in the Chilean mining town of Las Salinas. The plant, which had solar collection area of 4,700 m2 (51,000 sq ft), could produce up to 22,700 L (5,000 imp gal; 6,000 US gal) per day and operate for 40 years. Individual still designs include single-slope, double-slope (or greenhouse type), vertical, conical, inverted absorber, multi-wick, and multiple effect. These stills can operate in passive, active, or hybrid modes. Double-slope stills are the most economical for decentralized domestic purposes, while active multiple effect units are more suitable for large-scale applications.', ' Solar distillation can be used to make saline or brackish water potable. The first recorded instance of this was by 16th-century Arab alchemists. In 1872, a large-scale solar distillation project was constructed in the Chilean mining town of Las Salinas. The plant, which had a solar collection area of 4,700 m2 (51,000 sq ft), could produce up to 22,700 L (5,000 imp gal; 6,000 US gal) per day and operate for 40 years. Individual still designs include single-slope, double-slope (or greenhouse type), vertical, conical, inverted absorber, multi-wick, and multiple effect. These stills can operate in passive, active, or hybrid modes. Double-slope stills are the most economical for decentralized domestic purposes, while active multiple effect units are more suitable for large-scale applications.', 0.99859, 1)
('Portugal is defined as a Mediterranean climate (Csa in the South, interior, and Douro region; Csb in the North, Central Portugal and coastal Alentejo; mixed oceanic climate along the northern half of the coastline and also Semi-arid climate or Steppe climate (BSk in certain parts of Beja district far South) according to the Köppen-Geiger Climate Classification), and is one of the warmest European countries: the annual average temperature in mainland Portugal varies from 8–12 °C (46.4–53.6 °F) in the mountainous interior north to 16–19 °C (60.8–66.2 °F) in the south and on the Guadiana river basin. The Algarve, separated from the Alentejo region by mountains reaching up to 900 metres (3,000 ft) in Alto de Fóia, has a climate similar to that of the southern coastal areas of Spain or Southwest Australia.', ' Portugal is defined as a Mediterranean climate (Csa in the South, interior, and Douro region; Csb in North, Central Portugal and coastal Alentejo; mixed oceanic climate along the northern half of the coastline and also a Semi-arid climate or Steppe climate (BSk in certain parts of the Beja district far South) according to the Köppen-Geiger Climate Classification), and is one of the warmest European countries: the annual average temperature in mainland Portugal varies from 8-12 °C (46,4-53,6 °F) in the mountainous interior north to 16-19 °C (60,8-66,2 °F) in the south and on the Guadiana river basin. The Algarve, separated from the Alentejo region by mountains reaching up to 900 metres (3,000 ft) in Alto de Fóia, has a climate similar to that of the southern coastal areas of Spain or Southwest Australia.', 0.99860096, 1)
('Other authors have focused on the structural conditions leading up to genocide and the psychological and social processes that create an evolution toward genocide. Ervin Staub showed that economic deterioration and political confusion and disorganization were starting points of increasing discrimination and violence in many instances of genocides and mass killing. They lead to scapegoating a group and ideologies that identified that group as an enemy. A history of devaluation of the group that becomes the victim, past violence against the group that becomes the perpetrator leading to psychological wounds, authoritarian cultures and political systems, and the passivity of internal and external witnesses (bystanders) all contribute to the probability that the violence develops into genocide. Intense conflict between groups that is unresolved, becomes intractable and violent can also lead to genocide. The conditions that lead to genocide provide guidance to early prevention, such as humanizing a devalued group, creating ideologies that embrace all groups, and activating bystander responses. There is substantial research to indicate how this can be done, but information is only slowly transformed into action.', 'Other authors have focused on the structural conditions leading up to genocide and the psychological and social processes that evolve towards genocide. Ervin Staub showed that economic deterioration and political confusion and disorganization were starting points of increasing discrimination and violence in many instances of genocides and mass killings. They lead to scapegoating a group and ideologies that identified that group as an enemy. A history of devaluation of the group that becomes the victim, past violence against the group that becomes the perpetrator leading to psychological wounds, authoritarian cultures and political systems, and the passivity of internal and external witnesses (bystanders) all contribute to the probability that the violence develops into genocide. Intense conflicts between groups that remain unresolved, become intractable and violent can also lead to genocide. The conditions that lead to genocide provide guidance for early prevention, such as humanizing a devalued group, creating ideologies that embrace all groups, and activating bystander responses. There is extensive research indicating how this can be done, but information is only slowly transformed into action.', 0.99860144, 1)
('On April 4, 2008, Beyoncé married Jay Z. She publicly revealed their marriage in a video montage at the listening party for her third studio album, I Am... Sasha Fierce, in Manhattan\'s Sony Club on October 22, 2008. I Am... Sasha Fierce was released on November 18, 2008 in the United States. The album formally introduces Beyoncé\'s alter ego Sasha Fierce, conceived during the making of her 2003 single "Crazy in Love", selling 482,000 copies in its first week, debuting atop the Billboard 200, and giving Beyoncé her third consecutive number-one album in the US. The album featured the number-one song "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" and the top-five songs "If I Were a Boy" and "Halo". Achieving the accomplishment of becoming her longest-running Hot 100 single in her career, "Halo"\'s success in the US helped Beyoncé attain more top-ten singles on the list than any other woman during the 2000s. It also included the successful "Sweet Dreams", and singles "Diva", "Ego", "Broken-Hearted Girl" and "Video Phone". The music video for "Single Ladies" has been parodied and imitated around the world, spawning the "first major dance craze" of the Internet age according to the Toronto Star. The video has won several awards, including Best Video at the 2009 MTV Europe Music Awards, the 2009 Scottish MOBO Awards, and the 2009 BET Awards. At the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards, the video was nominated for nine awards, ultimately winning three including Video of the Year. Its failure to win the Best Female Video category, which went to American country pop singer Taylor Swift\'s "You Belong with Me", led to Kanye West interrupting the ceremony and Beyoncé improvising a re-presentation of Swift\'s award during her own acceptance speech. In March 2009, Beyoncé embarked on the I Am... World Tour, her second headlining worldwide concert tour, consisting of 108 shows, grossing $119.5 million.', ' On April 4, 2008, Beyoncé married Jay Z. They revealed their marriage in a video montage during the listening party for her third studio album, I Am... Sasha Fierce, at Manhattan\'s Sony Club on October 22, 2008. I Am... Sasha Fierce was released in the United States on November 18, 2008. The album officially introduced Beyoncé\'s alter ego, Sasha Fierce, created during the recording of her 2003 single "Crazy in Love," with first-week sales of 482,000 copies in the United States, debuting at the top of the Billboard 200 and giving Beyoncé her third consecutive number-one album in the United States. The album contained the number-one single "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" and the top-five singles "If I Were a Boy" and "Halo." The success of "Halo" in the United States helped Beyoncé score more top-ten singles on the Hot 100 chart than any other woman in the 2000s. The successful "Sweet Dreams," and singles "Diva," "Ego," "Broken-Hearted Girl," and "Video Phone" were also on the album. The music video for "Single Ladies" was worldwide parodied and imitated, with the "first major dance craze" of the Internet era according to the Toronto Star. The video won various awards, including Best Video at the 2009 MTV Europe Music Awards, the 2009 Scottish MOBO Awards, and the 2009 BET Awards. At the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards, the video was nominated for nine awards, ultimately winning three, including Video of the Year. The failure to win the Best Female Video category, which went to American country pop singer Taylor Swift, led to an interruption of the ceremony by Kanye West and a re-presentation of Swift\'s award by Beyoncé during her own acceptance speech. In March 2009, Beyoncé began the I Am... World Tour, her second international concert tour, consisting of 108 shows and earning $119.5 million.', 0.9986303, 1)
("The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame. From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classics and law, and Waldemar Gurian a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent. Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a German Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler. Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62. Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to ND in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus.", " The rise of Hitler and other dictators in the 1930s forced numerous Catholic intellectuals to flee Europe; president John O'Hara brought many to Notre Dame. From Germany came Anton-Hermann Chroust (1907–1982) in classical languages and law, and Waldemar Gurian, a German Catholic intellectual of Jewish descent. Positivism dominated American intellectual life in the 1920s onward but in marked contrast, Gurian received a Catholic education and wrote his doctoral dissertation under Max Scheler. Ivan Meštrović (1883–1962), a renowned sculptor, brought Croatian culture to campus, 1955–62. Yves Simon (1903–61), brought to Notre Dame in the 1940s the insights of French studies in the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition of philosophy; his own teacher Jacques Maritain (1882–73) was a frequent visitor to campus.", 0.9986349, 1)
('In November 2003, she embarked on the Dangerously in Love Tour in Europe and later toured alongside Missy Elliott and Alicia Keys for the Verizon Ladies First Tour in North America. On February 1, 2004, Beyoncé performed the American national anthem at Super Bowl XXXVIII, at the Reliant Stadium in Houston, Texas. After the release of Dangerously in Love, Beyoncé had planned to produce a follow-up album using several of the left-over tracks. However, this was put on hold so she could concentrate on recording Destiny Fulfilled, the final studio album by Destiny\'s Child. Released on November 15, 2004, in the US and peaking at number two on the Billboard 200, Destiny Fulfilled included the singles "Lose My Breath" and "Soldier", which reached the top five on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. Destiny\'s Child embarked on a worldwide concert tour, Destiny Fulfilled... and Lovin\' It and during the last stop of their European tour, in Barcelona on June 11, 2005, Rowland announced that Destiny\'s Child would disband following the North American leg of the tour. The group released their first compilation album Number 1\'s on October 25, 2005, in the US and accepted a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in March 2006.', 'In November 2003, she initiated the Dangerously in Love Tour in Europe, and later toured together with Missy Elliott and Alicia Keys for the Verizon Ladies First Tour in North America. On February 1, 2004, Beyoncé performed the American national anthem at Super Bowl XXXVIII, in Reliant Stadium in Houston, Texas. After the release of Dangerously in Love, Beyoncé had intended to produce a follow-up album using several of the remaining tracks. However, this was delayed so she could focus on recording Destiny Fulfilled, the final studio album by Destiny\'s Child. Released on November 15, 2004, in the US and peaking at number two on the Billboard 200, Destiny Fulfilled included the singles "Lose My Breath" and "Soldier," which reached the top five on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. Destiny\'s Child embarked on a worldwide concert tour, Destiny Fulfilled... and Lovin It, and during the last stop of their European tour, in Barcelona on June 11, 2005, Rowland announced that Destiny\'s Child would disband following the North American leg of the tour. The group released their first compilation album Number 1s on October 25, 2005, in the US, and accepted a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in March 2006.', 0.9986475, 1)
('From 1842 onwards, Chopin showed signs of serious illness. After a solo recital in Paris on 21 February 1842, he wrote to Grzymała: "I have to lie in bed all day long, my mouth and tonsils are aching so much." He was forced by illness to decline a written invitation from Alkan to participate in a repeat performance of the Beethoven Seventh Symphony arrangement at Erard\'s on 1 March 1843. Late in 1844, Charles Hallé visited Chopin and found him "hardly able to move, bent like a half-opened penknife and evidently in great pain", although his spirits returned when he started to play the piano for his visitor. Chopin\'s health continued to deteriorate, particularly from this time onwards. Modern research suggests that apart from any other illnesses, he may also have suffered from temporal lobe epilepsy.', 'From 1842 onwards, Chopin displayed signs of serious illness. After a solo recital in Paris on 21 February 1842, he wrote to Grzymała: "I have to lie in bed all day long, my mouth and tonsils are aching so much." He was forced by illness to decline a written invitation from Alkan to participate in a repeat performance of the Beethoven Seventh Symphony arrangement at Erards on 1 March 1843. Towards the end of 1844, Hallé visited Chopin and found him "barely able to move, bent like a half-opened penknife and evidently in great pain", although his spirits returned when he started to play the piano for his visitor. Chopin\'s health continued to deteriorate, particularly from this time onwards. Modern research suggests that he may also have suffered from temporal lobe epilepsy.', 0.9986601, 1)
('On January 7, 2012, Beyoncé gave birth to a daughter, Blue Ivy Carter, at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York under heavy security. Two days later, Jay Z released "Glory", a song dedicated to their child, on his website Lifeandtimes.com. The song detailed the couple\'s pregnancy struggles, including a miscarriage Beyoncé suffered before becoming pregnant with Blue Ivy. Blue Ivy\'s cries are included at the end of the song, and she was officially credited as "B.I.C." on it. At two days old, she became the youngest person ever to appear on a Billboard chart when "Glory" debuted on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.', '[On January 7, 2012, Beyoncé gave birth to a daughter, Blue Ivy Carter, at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York under heavy security. Two days later, Jay Z released "Glory", a song dedicated to their child, on his website Lifeandtimes.com. The song detailed the couples pregnancy struggles, including a miscarriage Beyoncé suffered before becoming pregnant with Blue Ivy. Blue Ivys cries are heard at the end of the song, and she was officially credited as "B.I.C." on it. At two days old, she became the youngest person ever to appear on a Billboard chart when "Glory" debuted on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs list.]Translation:[On January 7, 2012, Beyoncé gave birth to a daughter, Blue Ivy Carter, at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York under heavy security. Two days later, Jay Z released "Glory", a song dedicated to their child, on his website Lifeandtimes.com. The song detailed the couples pregnancy struggles, including a miscarriage Beyoncé suffered before becoming pregnant with Blue Ivy. Blue Ivys cries are heard at the end of the song, and she was officially credited as "B.I.C." on it. At two days old, she became the youngest person ever to appear on a Billboard chart when "Glory" debuted on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs list.]Translation:[On January 7, 2012, Beyoncé gave birth to a daughter, Blue Ivy Carter, at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York under heavy security. Two days later, Jay Z released "Glory", a song dedicated to their child, on his website Lifeandtimes.com. The song detailed the couples pregnancy struggles, including a miscarriage Beyoncé suffered before becoming pregnant with Blue Ivy. Blue Ivys cries are heard at the end of the song, and she was officially credited as "B.I.C." on it. At two days old, she became the youngest person ever to appear on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs list when "Glory" debuted on Billboard.]', 0.998682, 1)
("Montana has been a destination for its world-class trout fisheries since the 1930s. Fly fishing for several species of native and introduced trout in rivers and lakes is popular for both residents and tourists throughout the state. Montana is the home of the Federation of Fly Fishers and hosts many of the organizations annual conclaves. The state has robust recreational lake trout and kokanee salmon fisheries in the west, walleye can be found in many parts of the state, while northern pike, smallmouth and largemouth bass fisheries as well as catfish and paddlefish can be found in the waters of eastern Montana. Robert Redford's 1992 film of Norman Mclean's novel, A River Runs Through It, was filmed in Montana and brought national attention to fly fishing and the state.", " Montana has been a destination since the 1930s for its world-class trout fisheries. Fly fishing for several species of native and introduced trout in rivers and lakes is popular for both residents and tourists throughout the state. Montana is the home of the Federation of Fly Fishers and hosts many of the organization's annual conclaves. The state has robust recreational lake trout and kokanee salmon fisheries in the west. Walleye can be found in many parts of the state. Northern pike, smallmouth and largemouth bass fisheries, as well as catfish and paddlefish, can be found in the waters of eastern Montana. Robert Redford's 1992 film of Norman Maclean's novel, A River Runs Through It, was filmed in Montana and brought national attention to fly fishing and the state.", 0.99872965, 1)
('Beginning in mid-2007, four major airlines, United, Continental, Delta, and Emirates, reached agreements to install iPod seat connections. The free service will allow passengers to power and charge an iPod, and view video and music libraries on individual seat-back displays. Originally KLM and Air France were reported to be part of the deal with Apple, but they later released statements explaining that they were only contemplating the possibility of incorporating such systems.', ' From mid-2007, four major airlines, United, Continental, Delta, and Emirates, reached agreements to install iPod seat connections. The free service will allow passengers to power and charge an iPod, and view video and music libraries on individual seat-back displays. Originally, KLM and Air France were reported to be part of the deal with Apple. However, they later released statements explaining that they were only considering the possibility of incorporating such systems.', 0.9987531, 1)
('Biological anthropologists are interested in both human variation and in the possibility of human universals (behaviors, ideas or concepts shared by virtually all human cultures). They use many different methods of study, but modern population genetics, participant observation and other techniques often take anthropologists "into the field," which means traveling to a community in its own setting, to do something called "fieldwork." On the biological or physical side, human measurements, genetic samples, nutritional data may be gathered and published as articles or monographs.', ' Biological anthropologists are interested in both human variation and the possibility of human universals (behaviors, ideas or concepts shared by virtually all human cultures). They use many different methods of research, but modern population genetics, participant observation and other techniques often take anthropologists "into the field," which means traveling to a community in its own setting, to do something called "fieldwork." On the biological or physical side, human measurements, genetic samples, nutritional data may be gathered and published as articles or monographs.', 0.99893713, 1)
('In January 2013, Destiny\'s Child released Love Songs, a compilation album of the romance-themed songs from their previous albums and a newly recorded track, "Nuclear". Beyoncé performed the American national anthem singing along with a pre-recorded track at President Obama\'s second inauguration in Washington, D.C. The following month, Beyoncé performed at the Super Bowl XLVII halftime show, held at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans. The performance stands as the second most tweeted about moment in history at 268,000 tweets per minute. At the 55th Annual Grammy Awards, Beyoncé won for Best Traditional R&B Performance for "Love on Top". Her feature-length documentary film, Life Is But a Dream, first aired on HBO on February 16, 2013. The film, which she directed and produced herself, featured footage from her childhood, her as a mother and businesswoman, recording, rehearsing for live performances, and her return to the spotlight following Blue Ivy\'s birth. Its DVD release in November 2013 was accompanied by footage from the Revel Presents: Beyoncé Live concerts and a new song, "God Made You Beautiful". In February 2013, Beyoncé signed a global publishing agreement with Warner/Chappell Music, which would cover her future songwriting and then-upcoming studio album.', 'In January 2013, Destiny\'s Child released Love Songs, a compilation album of romance-themed songs from their previous albums and a newly recorded track, "Nuclear". Beyoncé sang the American national anthem along with a pre-recorded track at President Obama\'s second inauguration in Washington D.C. The following month, Beyoncé performed at the Super Bowl XLVII halftime show, held at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans. The performance is known as the second most tweeted about moment in history with 268,000 tweets per minute. At the 55th Annual Grammy Awards, Beyoncé won for Best Traditional R&B Performance for "Love on Top". Her feature-length documentary film, Life Is But a Dream, was first aired on HBO on February 16, 2013. The film, which she directed and produced herself, contained footage from her childhood, her as a mother and businesswoman, recording, rehearsing for live performances, and her return to the spotlight following Blue Ivy\'s birth. The DVD release in November 2013 included footage from the Revel Presents: Beyoncé Live concerts and a new song, "God Made You Beautiful". In February 2013, Beyoncé signed a global publishing agreement with Warner/Chappell Music, which would cover her future songwriting and then-upcoming studio album.', 0.99895614, 1)
('Beyoncé\'s second solo album B\'Day was released on September 5, 2006, in the US, to coincide with her twenty-fifth birthday. It sold 541,000 copies in its first week and debuted atop the Billboard 200, becoming Beyoncé\'s second consecutive number-one album in the United States. The album\'s lead single "Déjà Vu", featuring Jay Z, reached the top five on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. The second international single "Irreplaceable" was a commercial success worldwide, reaching number one in Australia, Hungary, Ireland, New Zealand and the United States. B\'Day also produced three other singles; "Ring the Alarm", "Get Me Bodied", and "Green Light" (released in the United Kingdom only).', ' Beyoncé\'s second solo album BDay was released on September 5, 2006, in the US, to coincide with her twenty-fifth birthday. It sold 541,000 copies in its first week and debuted atop the Billboard 200, becoming Beyoncé\'s second consecutive number-one album in the United States. The lead single "Déjà Vu," featuring Jay Z, reached the top five on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. The second international single "Irreplaceable" was a commercial success worldwide, reaching number one in Australia, Hungary, Ireland, New Zealand, and the United States. BDay also produced three other singles; "Ring the Alarm," "Get Me Bodied," and "Green Light" (released in the United Kingdom only).', 0.99899197, 1)
('Inappropriate antibiotic treatment and overuse of antibiotics have contributed to the emergence of antibiotic-resistant bacteria. Self prescription of antibiotics is an example of misuse. Many antibiotics are frequently prescribed to treat symptoms or diseases that do not respond to antibiotics or that are likely to resolve without treatment. Also, incorrect or suboptimal antibiotics are prescribed for certain bacterial infections. The overuse of antibiotics, like penicillin and erythromycin, has been associated with emerging antibiotic resistance since the 1950s. Widespread usage of antibiotics in hospitals has also been associated with increases in bacterial strains and species that no longer respond to treatment with the most common antibiotics.', 'Inappropriate antibiotic treatment and overuse of antibiotics have led to the emergence of antibiotic-resistant bacteria. Self prescription of antibiotics is an example of misuse. Many antibiotics are frequently prescribed to treat symptoms or diseases that do not respond to antibiotics or that are likely to resolve without treatment. Additionally, incorrect or suboptimal antibiotics are prescribed for certain bacterial infections. The overuse of antibiotics, such as penicillin and erythromycin, has been associated with emerging antibiotic resistance since the 1950s. Widespread usage of antibiotics in hospitals has also been linked to increases in bacterial strains and species that no longer respond to treatment with the most common antibiotics.', 0.99900043, 1)
("New York City's public bus fleet is the largest in North America, and the Port Authority Bus Terminal, the main intercity bus terminal of the city, serves 7,000 buses and 200,000 commuters daily, making it the busiest bus station in the world.", ' The public bus fleet of New York City is the largest in North America, and the Port Authority Bus Terminal, the main intercity bus station of the city, serves 7,000 buses and 200,000 commuters daily, making it the busiest bus station in the world.', 0.9991081, 1)
("The character of New York's large residential districts is often defined by the elegant brownstone rowhouses and townhouses and shabby tenements that were built during a period of rapid expansion from 1870 to 1930. In contrast, New York City also has neighborhoods that are less densely populated and feature free-standing dwellings. In neighborhoods such as Riverdale (in the Bronx), Ditmas Park (in Brooklyn), and Douglaston (in Queens), large single-family homes are common in various architectural styles such as Tudor Revival and Victorian.", " The character of New York's large residential districts is often defined by the elegant brownstone rowhouses and townhouses and shabby tenements built during a period of rapid expansion from 1870 to 1930. In contrast, New York City also has neighborhoods that are less densely populated and feature free-standing dwellings. In neighborhoods such as Riverdale (in The Bronx), Ditmas Park (in Brooklyn), and Douglaston (in Queens), large single-family homes are common in various architectural styles such as Tudor Revival and Victorian.", 0.99913144, 1)
('On 6 April 2011, after his proposed "Plan for Stability and Growth IV" (PEC IV) was rejected by the Parliament, Prime Minister José Sócrates announced on national television that the country would request financial assistance from the IMF and the European Financial Stability Facility, as Greece and the Republic of Ireland had done previously. It was the third time that the Portuguese government had requested external financial aid from the IMF—the first occasion occurred in the late 1970s following the Carnation\'s Revolution. In October 2011, Moody\'s Investor Services downgraded nine Portuguese banks due to financial weakness.', 'On 6 April 2011, after his "Plan for Stability and Growth IV" (PEC IV) was rejected by the Parliament, Prime Minister José Sócrates announced on national television that the country would request financial assistance from the IMF and the European Financial Stability Facility, just like Greece and the Republic of Ireland had done previously. It was the third time that the Portuguese government had requested external financial aid from the IMF—the first occasion occurred in the late 1970s following the Carnations Revolution. In October 2011, Moody\'s Investor Services downgraded nine Portuguese banks due to financial weakness.', 0.99919575, 1)
('Throughout its history, the city has been a major port of entry for immigrants into the United States; more than 12 million European immigrants were received at Ellis Island between 1892 and 1924. The term "melting pot" was first coined to describe densely populated immigrant neighborhoods on the Lower East Side. By 1900, Germans constituted the largest immigrant group, followed by the Irish, Jews, and Italians. In 1940, whites represented 92% of the city\'s population.', ' Throughout its history, the city has been a major port of entry for immigrants into the United States; over 12 million European immigrants were received at Ellis Island between 1892 and 1924. The term "melting pot" was first coined to describe densely populated immigrant neighborhoods on the Lower East Side. By 1900, Germans were the largest immigrant group, followed by the Irish, Jews, and Italians. In 1940, whites represented 92% of the city\'s population.', 0.9992068, 1)
('Beyoncé has won 20 Grammy Awards, both as a solo artist and member of Destiny\'s Child, making her the second most honored female artist by the Grammys, behind Alison Krauss and the most nominated woman in Grammy Award history with 52 nominations. "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" won Song of the Year in 2010 while "Say My Name" and "Crazy in Love" had previously won Best R&B Song. Dangerously in Love, B\'Day and I Am... Sasha Fierce have all won Best Contemporary R&B Album. Beyoncé set the record for the most Grammy awards won by a female artist in one night in 2010 when she won six awards, breaking the tie she previously held with Alicia Keys, Norah Jones, Alison Krauss, and Amy Winehouse, with Adele equaling this in 2012. Following her role in Dreamgirls she was nominated for Best Original Song for "Listen" and Best Actress at the Golden Globe Awards, and Outstanding Actress in a Motion Picture at the NAACP Image Awards. Beyoncé won two awards at the Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards 2006; Best Song for "Listen" and Best Original Soundtrack for Dreamgirls: Music from the Motion Picture.', ' Beyoncé has won 20 Grammy Awards, both as a solo artist and as a member of Destiny\'s Child, making her the second most awarded female artist by the Grammys after Alison Krauss and the most nominated female artist in Grammy Award history with 52 nominations. "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" won Song of the Year in 2010 while "Say My Name" and "Crazy in Love" earlier won Best R&B Song. Dangerously in Love, BDay and I Am... Sasha Fierce have all won Best Contemporary R&B Album. Beyoncé set a record for the most Grammys won by a female artist in one night with six awards in 2010, breaking the tie she previously shared with Alicia Keys, Norah Jones, Alison Krauss and Amy Winehouse, and tying Adele\'s achievement in 2012. After her role in Dreamgirls, she was nominated for Best Original Song for "Listen" and Best Actress at the Golden Globe Awards, and Outstanding Actress in a Motion Picture at the NAACP Image Awards. Beyoncé won two awards at the Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards 2006: Best Song for "Listen" and Best Original Soundtrack for Dreamgirls: Music from the Motion Picture. (Note: The names of the awards and the titles of the albums are in English in the original, so they are not translated into Dutch.)', 0.9992403, 1)
('A high-definition remaster of the game, The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess HD, is being developed by Tantalus Media for the Wii U. Officially announced during a Nintendo Direct presentation on November 12, 2015, it features enhanced graphics and Amiibo functionality. The game will be released in North America and Europe on March 4, 2016; in Australia on March 5, 2016; and in Japan on March 10, 2016.', ' A high-definition remaster of the game The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess HD is being developed by Tantalus Media for the Wii U. Officially announced during a Nintendo Direct presentation on November 12, 2015, it features enhanced graphics and Amiibo functionality. The game will be released in North America and Europe on March 4, 2016; in Australia on March 5, 2016; and in Japan on March 10, 2016.', 0.9992555, 1)
('One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish. Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918. Under Rockne, the Irish would post a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and five ties. During his 13 years the Irish won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen". Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage (.881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history. Rockne\'s offenses employed the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme. The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930 when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City.', 'One of the main driving forces in the growth of the University was its football team, the Notre Dame Fighting Irish. Knute Rockne became head coach in 1918. Under Rockne, the Irish had a record of 105 wins, 12 losses, and 5 ties. In his 13 years, they won three national championships, had five undefeated seasons, won the Rose Bowl in 1925, and produced players such as George Gipp and the "Four Horsemen". Knute Rockne has the highest winning percentage (.881) in NCAA Division I/FBS football history. Rockne\'s offenses used the Notre Dame Box and his defenses ran a 7–2–2 scheme. The last game Rockne coached was on December 14, 1930, when he led a group of Notre Dame all-stars against the New York Giants in New York City.', 0.9992576, 1)
("The New York City Public Schools system, managed by the New York City Department of Education, is the largest public school system in the United States, serving about 1.1 million students in more than 1,700 separate primary and secondary schools. The city's public school system includes nine specialized high schools to serve academically and artistically gifted students.", " The New York City Public Schools system, managed by the New York City Department of Education, is the largest public school system in the United States, serving approximately 1.1 million students in over 1,700 separate primary and secondary schools. The city's public school system includes nine specialized high schools to cater to academically and artistically gifted students.", 0.9992627, 1)
("New York's non-white population was 36,620 in 1890. New York City was a prime destination in the early twentieth century for African Americans during the Great Migration from the American South, and by 1916, New York City was home to the largest urban African diaspora in North America. The Harlem Renaissance of literary and cultural life flourished during the era of Prohibition. The larger economic boom generated construction of skyscrapers competing in height and creating an identifiable skyline.", " New York's non-white population was 36,620 in 1890. New York City was a prime destination in the early twentieth century for African Americans during the Great Migration from the American South. By 1916, New York City was home to the largest urban African diaspora in North America. The Harlem Renaissance of literary and cultural life flourished during the era of Prohibition. The larger economic boom generated construction of skyscrapers competing in height and creating an identifiable skyline.", 0.9992766, 1)
('The most well-known hospital in the HHC system is Bellevue Hospital, the oldest public hospital in the United States. Bellevue is the designated hospital for treatment of the President of the United States and other world leaders if they become sick or injured while in New York City. The president of HHC is Ramanathan Raju, MD, a surgeon and former CEO of the Cook County health system in Illinois.', ' The most well-known hospital in the HHC system is Bellevue Hospital, the oldest public hospital in the United States. Bellevue is the designated hospital for the treatment of the President of the United States and other world leaders if they fall ill or injured while in New York City. The president of HHC is Ramanathan Raju, MD, a surgeon and former CEO of the Cook County health system in Illinois.', 0.9992775, 1)
("New York City is home to hundreds of cultural institutions and historic sites, many of which are internationally known. Museum Mile is the name for a section of Fifth Avenue running from 82nd to 105th streets on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, in an area sometimes called Upper Carnegie Hill. The Mile, which contains one of the densest displays of culture in the world, is actually three blocks longer than one mile (1.6 km). Ten museums occupy the length of this section of Fifth Avenue. The tenth museum, the Museum for African Art, joined the ensemble in 2009, however its Museum at 110th Street, the first new museum constructed on the Mile since the Guggenheim in 1959, opened in late 2012. In addition to other programming, the museums collaborate for the annual Museum Mile Festival, held each year in June, to promote the museums and increase visitation. Many of the world's most lucrative art auctions are held in New York City.", " New York City is the home to hundreds of cultural institutions and historic sites, many of which are internationally known. Museum Mile is the name for a section of Fifth Avenue running from 82nd to 105th streets on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, in an area sometimes called Upper Carnegie Hill. The Mile, which contains one of the densest displays of culture in the world, is actually three blocks longer than one mile (1.6 km). Ten museums occupy the length of this section of Fifth Avenue. The tenth museum, the Museum for African Art, joined the ensemble in 2009, but its Museum at 110th Street, the first new museum constructed on the Mile since the Guggenheim in 1959, opened in late 2012. In addition to other programming, the museums collaborate for the annual Museum Mile Festival, held each year in June, to promote the museums and increase visitation. Many of the world's most lucrative art auctions are held in New York City.", 0.9992903, 1)
('On January 8, 2004, Hewlett-Packard (HP) announced that they would sell HP-branded iPods under a license agreement from Apple. Several new retail channels were used—including Wal-Mart—and these iPods eventually made up 5% of all iPod sales. In July 2005, HP stopped selling iPods due to unfavorable terms and conditions imposed by Apple.', ' On January 8, 2004, Hewlett-Packard (HP) announced that they would sell HP-branded iPods under a license agreement from Apple. Several new sales channels were used, including Wal-Mart, and these iPods eventually made up 5% of all iPod sales. In July 2005, HP stopped selling iPods due to unfavorable terms and conditions imposed by Apple.', 0.99934554, 1)
("Atticus does not want Jem and Scout to be present at Tom Robinson's trial. No seat is available on the main floor, so by invitation of Rev. Sykes, Jem, Scout, and Dill watch from the colored balcony. Atticus establishes that the accusers—Mayella and her father, Bob Ewell, the town drunk—are lying. It also becomes clear that the friendless Mayella made sexual advances toward Tom, and that her father caught her and beat her. Despite significant evidence of Tom's innocence, the jury convicts him. Jem's faith in justice becomes badly shaken, as is Atticus', when the hapless Tom is shot and killed while trying to escape from prison.", " Atticus does not want Jem and Scout to be present at Tom Robinson's trial. No seat is available on the main floor, so by invitation of Rev. Sykes, Jem, Scout, and Dill watch from the balcony. Atticus establishes that the accusers—Mayella and her father, Bob Ewell, the town drunk—are lying. It also becomes clear that the friendless Mayella made sexual advances toward Tom, and that her father caught her and beat her. Despite significant evidence of Tom's innocence, the jury convicts him. Jem's faith in justice becomes badly shaken, as is Atticus, when the unfortunate Tom is shot and killed while trying to escape from prison.", 0.99935365, 1)
('Further references to Fleming\'s material can be found throughout the film; an MI6 safehouse is called "Hildebrand Rarities and Antiques", a reference to the short story "The Hildebrand Rarity" from the For Your Eyes Only short story collection.[citation needed] Bond\'s torture by Blofeld mirrors his torture by the title character of Kingsley Amis\' continuation novel Colonel Sun.[citation needed]', 'Further references to Fleming\'s material can be found throughout the film. An MI6 safehouse is called "Hildebrand Rarities and Antiques", a reference to the short story "The Hildebrand Rarity" from the For Your Eyes Only short story collection. [Citation needed]Bond\'s torture by Blofeld mirrors his torture by the title character of Kingsley Amis\' continuation novel Colonel Sun. [Citation needed]', 0.9994163, 1)
("According to the 2011 Census, 81.0% of the Portuguese population are Roman Catholic. The country has small Protestant, Latter-day Saint, Muslim, Hindu, Sikh, Eastern Orthodox Church, Jehovah's Witnesses, Baha'i, Buddhist, Jewish and Spiritist communities. Influences from African Traditional Religion and Chinese Traditional Religion are also felt among many people, particularly in fields related with Traditional Chinese Medicine and African Witch Doctors. Some 6.8% of the population declared themselves to be non-religious, and 8.3% did not give any answer about their religion.", " According to the 2011 Census, 81.0% of the Portuguese population are Roman Catholic. The country has small Protestant, Latter-day Saint, Muslim, Hindu, Sikh, Eastern Orthodox Church, Jehovah's Witnesses, Bahai, Buddhist, Jewish and Spiritist communities. Influences from African Traditional Religion and Chinese Traditional Religion are also felt among many people, particularly in fields related to Traditional Chinese Medicine and African Witch Doctors. Approximately 6.8% of the population declared themselves to be non-religious, and 8.3% did not give any answer about their religion.", 0.9994197, 1)
('New York City has been a metropolitan municipality with a mayor-council form of government since its consolidation in 1898. The government of New York is more centralized than that of most other U.S. cities. In New York City, the city government is responsible for public education, correctional institutions, public safety, recreational facilities, sanitation, water supply, and welfare services.', ' New York City has been a metropolitan municipality with a mayor-council form of government since its consolidation in 1898. The government of New York is more centralized than that of most other American cities. In New York City, the city government is responsible for public education, correctional institutions, public safety, recreational facilities, sanitation, water supply, and welfare services.', 0.999432, 1)
("In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel used to compare lift to drag of aeronautical models. Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green became the first American to send a wireless message. In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that was used to create neoprene. Study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics.", " In 1882, Albert Zahm (John Zahm's brother) built an early wind tunnel to compare the lift to drag of aeronautical models. Around 1899, Professor Jerome Green was the first American to send a wireless message. In 1931, Father Julius Nieuwland performed early work on basic reactions that were used to create neoprene. The study of nuclear physics at the university began with the building of a nuclear accelerator in 1936, and continues now partly through a partnership in the Joint Institute for Nuclear Astrophysics.", 0.9994477, 1)
('Beyoncé Giselle Knowles-Carter (/biːˈjɒnseɪ/ bee-YON-say) (born September 4, 1981) is an American singer, songwriter, record producer and actress. Born and raised in Houston, Texas, she performed in various singing and dancing competitions as a child, and rose to fame in the late 1990s as lead singer of R&B girl-group Destiny\'s Child. Managed by her father, Mathew Knowles, the group became one of the world\'s best-selling girl groups of all time. Their hiatus saw the release of Beyoncé\'s debut album, Dangerously in Love (2003), which established her as a solo artist worldwide, earned five Grammy Awards and featured the Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles "Crazy in Love" and "Baby Boy".', ' Beyoncé Giselle Knowles-Carter (/biːˈjɒnseɪ/ bee-YON-say) (born on September 4, 1981) is an American singer, songwriter, record producer and actress. Born and raised in Houston, Texas, she performed in various singing and dancing competitions as a child, and rose to fame in the late 1990s as lead singer of R&B girl-group Destiny\'s Child. Managed by her father, Mathew Knowles, the group became one of the world\'s best-selling girl groups of all time. Their hiatus saw the release of Beyoncé\'s debut album, Dangerously in Love (2003), which established her as a solo artist worldwide, earned five Grammy Awards and featured the Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles "Crazy in Love" and "Baby Boy".', 0.9995028, 1)
('A permanent European presence in New Netherland began in 1624 – making New York the 12th oldest continuously occupied European-established settlement in the continental United States  – with the founding of a Dutch fur trading settlement on Governors Island. In 1625, construction was started on a citadel and a Fort Amsterdam on Manhattan Island, later called New Amsterdam (Nieuw Amsterdam). The colony of New Amsterdam was centered at the site which would eventually become Lower Manhattan. The Dutch colonial Director-General Peter Minuit purchased the island of Manhattan from the Canarsie, a small band of the Lenape, in 1626 for a value of 60 guilders (about $1000 in 2006); a disproved legend says that Manhattan was purchased for $24 worth of glass beads.', ' A permanent European presence in New Netherland began in 1624, making New York the 12th oldest continuously occupied European-established settlement in the continental United States, with the founding of a Dutch fur trading settlement on Governors Island. In 1625, construction was started on a citadel and a Fort Amsterdam on Manhattan Island, later called New Amsterdam (Nieuw Amsterdam). The colony of New Amsterdam was centered at the site which would eventually become Lower Manhattan. The Dutch colonial Director-General Peter Minuit bought the island of Manhattan in 1626 from the Canarsie, a small band of the Lenape, for a value of 60 guilders (approximately $1000 in 2006); a disputed legend states that Manhattan was bought for $24 worth of glass beads.', 0.9995332, 1)
("On 13 March 2015, several members of the cast and crew, including Craig, Whishaw, Wilson and Mendes, as well as previous James Bond actor, Sir Roger Moore, appeared in a sketch written by David Walliams and the Dawson Brothers for Comic Relief's Red Nose Day on BBC One. In the sketch, they film a behind-the-scenes mockumentary on the filming of Spectre. The first teaser trailer for Spectre was released worldwide in March 2015, followed by the theatrical trailer in July and the final trailer in October.", " On 13 March 2015, several members of the cast and crew, including Craig, Whishaw, Wilson and Mendes, as well as previous James Bond actor, Sir Roger Moore, appeared in a sketch written by David Walliams and the Dawson Brothers for Comic Relief's Red Nose Day on BBC One. In the sketch, they filmed a behind-the-scenes mockumentary on the filming of Spectre. The first teaser trailer for Spectre was released worldwide in March 2015, followed by the theatrical trailer in July and the final trailer in October.", 0.99955285, 1)
("Following the death of Freddie Gray, Beyoncé and Jay-Z, among other notable figures, met with his family. After the imprisonment of protesters of Gray's death, Beyoncé and Jay-Z donated thousands of dollars to bail them out.", " After the death of Freddie Gray, Beyoncé and Jay-Z, among other notable figures, met with his family. After the imprisonment of protesters of Gray's death, Beyoncé and Jay-Z donated thousands of dollars to bail them out.", 0.99959016, 1)
('The feminism and female empowerment themes on Beyoncé\'s second solo album B\'Day were inspired by her role in Dreamgirls and by singer Josephine Baker. Beyoncé paid homage to Baker by performing "Déjà Vu" at the 2006 Fashion Rocks concert wearing Baker\'s trademark mini-hula skirt embellished with fake bananas. Beyoncé\'s third solo album I Am... Sasha Fierce was inspired by Jay Z and especially by Etta James, whose "boldness" inspired Beyoncé to explore other musical genres and styles. Her fourth solo album, 4, was inspired by Fela Kuti, 1990s R&B, Earth, Wind & Fire, DeBarge, Lionel Richie, Teena Marie with additional influences by The Jackson 5, New Edition, Adele, Florence and the Machine, and Prince.', 'The feminism and female empowerment themes on Beyoncé\'s second solo album BDay were inspired by her role in Dreamgirls and by singer Josephine Baker. Beyoncé paid homage to Baker by performing "Déjà Vu" at the 2006 Fashion Rocks concert wearing Baker\'s trademark mini-hula skirt embellished with fake bananas. Beyoncé\'s third solo album I Am... Sasha Fierce was inspired by Jay Z and especially by Etta James, whose "boldness" inspired Beyoncé to explore other musical genres and styles. Her fourth solo album, 4, was inspired by Fela Kuti, 1990s R&B, Earth, Wind & Fire, DeBarge, Lionel Richie, Teena Marie, as well as additional influences by The Jackson 5, New Edition, Adele, Florence and the Machine, and Prince.', 0.9996134, 1)
("Railroads have been an important method of transportation in Montana since the 1880s. Historically, the state was traversed by the main lines of three east-west transcontinental routes: the Milwaukee Road, the Great Northern, and the Northern Pacific. Today, the BNSF Railway is the state's largest railroad, its main transcontinental route incorporating the former Great Northern main line across the state. Montana RailLink, a privately held Class II railroad, operates former Northern Pacific trackage in western Montana.", " Railroads have been an important means of transportation in Montana since the 1880s. Historically, the state was crossed by the main lines of three east-west transcontinental routes: the Milwaukee Road, the Great Northern, and the Northern Pacific. Today, the BNSF Railway is the state's largest railroad, its main transcontinental route incorporating the former Great Northern main line across the state. Montana RailLink, a privately held Class II railroad, operates former Northern Pacific trackage in western Montana.", 0.9996555, 1)
('With advances in medicinal chemistry, most modern antibacterials are semisynthetic modifications of various natural compounds. These include, for example, the beta-lactam antibiotics, which include the penicillins (produced by fungi in the genus Penicillium), the cephalosporins, and the carbapenems. Compounds that are still isolated from living organisms are the aminoglycosides, whereas other antibacterials—for example, the sulfonamides, the quinolones, and the oxazolidinones—are produced solely by chemical synthesis. Many antibacterial compounds are relatively small molecules with a molecular weight of less than 2000 atomic mass units.[citation needed]', ' With advances in medicinal chemistry, most modern antibacterials are semisynthetic modifications of various natural compounds. These include, for example, the beta-lactam antibiotics, such as the penicillins (produced by fungi in the genus Penicillium), the cephalosporins, and the carbapenems. Compounds that are still isolated from living organisms are the aminoglycosides, whereas other antibacterials—for example, the sulfonamides, the quinolones, and the oxazolidinones—are produced solely by chemical synthesis. Many antibacterial compounds are relatively small molecules with a molecular weight of less than 2000 atomic mass units.[Citation needed]In English: With advances in medicinal chemistry, most modern antibacterials are semisynthetic modifications of various natural compounds. For instance, the beta-lactam antibiotics consist of the penicillins (produced by fungi in the Penicillium genus), cephalosporins, and carbapenems. Aminoglycosides are compounds that are still extracted from living organisms, while sulfonamides, quinolones, and oxazolidinones are synthesized solely through chemical processes. Many antibacterial compounds are relatively small molecules, with a molecular weight below 2000 atomic mass units.[Citation needed]', 0.99974924, 1)
("The New York City Fire Department (FDNY), provides fire protection, technical rescue, primary response to biological, chemical, and radioactive hazards, and emergency medical services for the five boroughs of New York City. The New York City Fire Department is the largest municipal fire department in the United States and the second largest in the world after the Tokyo Fire Department. The FDNY employs approximately 11,080 uniformed firefighters and over 3,300 uniformed EMTs and paramedics. The FDNY's motto is New York's Bravest.", " The New York City Fire Department (FDNY), provides fire protection, technical rescue, primary response to biological, chemical and radioactive hazards, and emergency medical services for the five boroughs of New York City. The New York City Fire Department is the largest municipal fire department in the United States and the second largest in the world after the Tokyo Fire Department. The FDNY employs approximately 11,080 uniformed firefighters and over 3,300 uniformed EMTs and paramedics. The FDNY's motto is New York's Bravest.", 0.99976224, 1)
("The television industry developed in New York and is a significant employer in the city's economy. The three major American broadcast networks are all headquartered in New York: ABC, CBS, and NBC. Many cable networks are based in the city as well, including MTV, Fox News, HBO, Showtime, Bravo, Food Network, AMC, and Comedy Central. The City of New York operates a public broadcast service, NYCTV, that has produced several original Emmy Award-winning shows covering music and culture in city neighborhoods and city government.", " The television industry developed in New York and is a significant employer in the city's economy. The three major American broadcast networks are all headquartered in New York: ABC, CBS, and NBC. Many cable networks are based in the city as well, including MTV, Fox News, HBO, Showtime, Bravo, Food Network, AMC and Comedy Central. The City of New York operates a public broadcast service, NYCTV, which has produced several original Emmy Award-winning shows covering music and culture in city neighborhoods and city government.", 0.9998346, 1)
('Several molecular mechanisms of antibacterial resistance exist. Intrinsic antibacterial resistance may be part of the genetic makeup of bacterial strains. For example, an antibiotic target may be absent from the bacterial genome. Acquired resistance results from a mutation in the bacterial chromosome or the acquisition of extra-chromosomal DNA. Antibacterial-producing bacteria have evolved resistance mechanisms that have been shown to be similar to, and may have been transferred to, antibacterial-resistant strains. The spread of antibacterial resistance often occurs through vertical transmission of mutations during growth and by genetic recombination of DNA by horizontal genetic exchange. For instance, antibacterial resistance genes can be exchanged between different bacterial strains or species via plasmids that carry these resistance genes. Plasmids that carry several different resistance genes can confer resistance to multiple antibacterials. Cross-resistance to several antibacterials may also occur when a resistance mechanism encoded by a single gene conveys resistance to more than one antibacterial compound.', ' Several molecular mechanisms of antibacterial resistance exist. Intrinsic antibacterial resistance may be part of the genetic makeup of bacterial strains. For instance, an antibiotic target may be absent from the bacterial genome. Acquired resistance results from a mutation in the bacterial chromosome or the acquisition of extra-chromosomal DNA. Antibacterial-producing bacteria have evolved resistance mechanisms that have been shown to be similar to, and may have been transferred to, antibacterial-resistant strains. The spread of antibacterial resistance often occurs through vertical transmission of mutations during growth and by genetic recombination of DNA by horizontal genetic exchange. For example, antibacterial resistance genes can be exchanged between different bacterial strains or species via plasmids that carry these resistance genes. Plasmids that carry several different resistance genes can confer resistance to multiple antibacterials. Cross-resistance to several antibacterials may also occur when a resistance mechanism encoded by a single gene conveys resistance to more than one antibacterial compound.Translation: Multiple molecular mechanisms of antibacterial resistance exist. Intrinsic antibacterial resistance is a part of the genetic makeup of bacterial strains. For example, an antibiotic target may be missing from the bacterial genome. Acquired resistance arises from a mutation in the bacterial chromosome or the acquisition of extra-chromosomal DNA. Antibacterial bacteria have developed resistance mechanisms that are similar to, and may have been transferred to, antibacterial-resistant strains. The spread of antibacterial resistance frequently occurs through vertical transmission of mutations during growth and by genetic exchange of DNA through horizontal genetic transfer. For instance, antibacterial resistance genes can be exchanged between different bacterial strains or species via plasmids that carry these resistance genes. Plasmids that carry multiple different resistance genes can provide resistance to multiple antibacterials. Cross-resistance to several antibacterials may also occur when a resistance mechanism encoded by a single gene confers resistance to more than one antibacterial compound.', 0.9999173, 1)
("On January 7, 2012, Beyoncé gave birth to her first child, a daughter, Blue Ivy Carter, at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York. Five months later, she performed for four nights at Revel Atlantic City's Ovation Hall to celebrate the resort's opening, her first performances since giving birth to Blue Ivy.", "On January 7, 2012, Beyoncé gave birth to her first child, a daughter named Blue Ivy Carter, at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York. Five months later, she performed for four nights at Revel Atlantic City's Ovation Hall to celebrate the resort's opening, her first performances since giving birth to Blue Ivy.", 0.99992406, 1)
('The song was released as a digital download on 25 September 2015. It received mixed reviews from critics and fans, particularly in comparison to Adele\'s "Skyfall". The mixed reception to the song led to Shirley Bassey trending on Twitter on the day it was released. It became the first Bond theme to reach number one in the UK Singles Chart. The English band Radiohead also composed a song for the film, which went unused.', ' The song was released as a digital download on 25 September 2015. It received mixed reviews from critics and fans, particularly in comparison to Adele\'s "Skyfall". The mixed reception to the song led to Shirley Bassey trending on Twitter on the day it was released. It became the first Bond theme to reach number one in the UK Singles Chart. The English band Radiohead also composed a song for the film, which went unused.', 1.0, 1)
("In soccer, New York City is represented by New York City FC of Major League Soccer, who play their home games at Yankee Stadium. The New York Red Bulls play their home games at Red Bull Arena in nearby Harrison, New Jersey. Historically, the city is known for the New York Cosmos, the highly successful former professional soccer team which was the American home of Pelé, one of the world's most famous soccer players. A new version of the New York Cosmos was formed in 2010, and began play in the second division North American Soccer League in 2013. The Cosmos play their home games at James M. Shuart Stadium on the campus of Hofstra University, just outside the New York City limits in Hempstead, New York.", " In soccer, New York City is represented by New York City FC of Major League Soccer, who play their home games at Yankee Stadium. The New York Red Bulls play their home games at Red Bull Arena in nearby Harrison, New Jersey. Historically, the city is known for the New York Cosmos, the highly successful former professional soccer team which was the American home of Pelé, one of the world's most famous soccer players. A new version of the New York Cosmos was formed in 2010, and began play in the second division North American Soccer League in 2013. The Cosmos play their home games at James M. Shuart Stadium on the campus of Hofstra University, just outside the New York City limits in Hempstead, New York.", 1.0, 1)
