('Architecturally, the school has a Catholic character. Atop the Main Building\'s gold dome is a golden statue of the Virgin Mary. Immediately in front of the Main Building and facing it, is a copper statue of Christ with arms upraised with the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes". Next to the Main Building is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart. Immediately behind the basilica is the Grotto, a Marian place of prayer and reflection. It is a replica of the grotto at Lourdes, France where the Virgin Mary reputedly appeared to Saint Bernadette Soubirous in 1858. At the end of the main drive (and in a direct line that connects through 3 statues and the Gold Dome), is a simple, modern stone statue of Mary.', ' The gold dome of the Main Building is crowned with a statue of the Virgin Mary. A copper statue of Christ with arms raised and the legend "Venite Ad Me Omnes" is situated in front of it. The Basilica of the Sacred Heart is located next to the Main Building. Behind the basilica is the Grotto, a place of prayer and reflection dedicated to the Marian replica of Lourdes, France. A modern stone statue of Mary stands at the end of the main drive, connecting through three statues and the Gold Dome.', 0.9)
("As at most other universities, Notre Dame's students run a number of news media outlets. The nine student-run outlets include three newspapers, both a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals. Begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, the Scholastic magazine is issued twice monthly and claims to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States. The other magazine, The Juggler, is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork. The Dome yearbook is published annually. The newspapers have varying publication interests, with The Observer published daily and mainly reporting university and other news, and staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Mary's College. Unlike Scholastic and The Dome, The Observer is an independent publication and does not have a faculty advisor or any editorial oversight from the University. In 1987, when some students believed that The Observer began to show a conservative bias, a liberal newspaper, Common Sense was published. Likewise, in 2003, when other students believed that the paper showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production. Neither paper is published as often as The Observer; however, all three are distributed to all students. Finally, in Spring 2008 an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut.", ' At most other universities, news media outlets are run by students. Nine such outlets exist at Notre Dame: three newspapers, a radio and television station, and several magazines and journals. The Scholastic magazine, begun as a one-page journal in September 1876, is issued twice monthly and is claimed to be the oldest continuous collegiate publication in the United States. The Juggler magazine is released twice a year and focuses on student literature and artwork. The Dome yearbook is published annually. The newspapers have varying publication interests: The Observer, published daily, mainly reports university and other news, and is staffed by students from both Notre Dame and Saint Marys College; it is an independent publication with no faculty advisor or editorial oversight from the University. In 1987, when some believed The Observer showed a conservative bias, Common Sense, a liberal newspaper, was published. Likewise, in 2003, when others believed The Observer showed a liberal bias, the conservative paper Irish Rover went into production. Neither paper is published as often as The Observer, but all three are distributed to all students. In Spring 2008, an undergraduate journal for political science research, Beyond Politics, made its debut.', 1)
('The university is the major seat of the Congregation of Holy Cross (albeit not its official headquarters, which are in Rome). Its main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located on the campus across St. Joseph lake from the Main Building. Old College, the oldest building on campus and located near the shore of St. Mary lake, houses undergraduate seminarians. Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House (a former retreat center), Holy Cross House, as well as Columba Hall near the Grotto. The university through the Moreau Seminary has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner. While not Catholic, Buechner has praised writers from Notre Dame and Moreau Seminary created a Buechner Prize for Preaching.', ' The main seminary, Moreau Seminary, is located across St. Joseph lake from the Main Building at the university. Old College, the oldest building on campus, houses undergraduate seminarians near the shore of St. Mary lake. Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House, Holy Cross House, and Columba Hall near the Grotto. The Moreau Seminary is associated with the university and has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner. Notre Dame writers have been praised by Buechner, and a Buechner Prize for Preaching was created at Moreau Seminary.Passive voice:* The main seminary is located across St. Joseph lake from the Main Building at the university.* Old College houses undergraduate seminarians near the shore of St. Mary lake.* Retired priests and brothers reside in Fatima House, Holy Cross House, and Columba Hall near the Grotto.* The university is associated with the Moreau Seminary and has ties to theologian Frederick Buechner.* Notre Dame writers have been praised by Buechner.* A Buechner Prize for Preaching was created at Moreau Seminary.', 0)
('The College of Engineering was established in 1920, however, early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s. Today the college, housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, includes five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B.S. degrees offered. Additionally, the college offers five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business awarding additional B.A. and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively.', ' Five departments of study – aerospace and mechanical engineering, chemical and biomolecular engineering, civil engineering and geological sciences, computer science and engineering, and electrical engineering – with eight B.S. degrees offered, are included in the College of Engineering today. The college was established in 1920, but early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s. Housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering, the college has been offering five-year dual degree programs with the Colleges of Arts and Letters and of Business, awarding additional B.A. and Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees, respectively.The College of Engineering was housed in the Fitzpatrick, Cushing, and Stinson-Remick Halls of Engineering.Five departments of study are included in the College of Engineering today.Early courses in civil and mechanical engineering were a part of the College of Science since the 1870s.The college offers eight B.S. degrees.Five-year dual degree programs are offered by the college.Additional B.A. degrees are awarded by the College of Arts and Letters.Additional Master of Business Administration (MBA) degrees are awarded by the College of Business.', 0)
("All of Notre Dame's undergraduate students are a part of one of the five undergraduate colleges at the school or are in the First Year of Studies program. The First Year of Studies program was established in 1962 to guide incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major. Each student is given an academic advisor from the program who helps them to choose classes that give them exposure to any major in which they are interested. The program also includes a Learning Resource Center which provides time management, collaborative learning, and subject tutoring. This program has been recognized previously, by U.S. News & World Report, as outstanding.", " One of the five undergraduate colleges at Notre Dame or the First Year of Studies program is where all of Notre Dame's undergraduate students belong. The First Year of Studies program, which was established in 1962, guides incoming freshmen in their first year at the school before they have declared a major. Academic advisors from the program are assigned to each student to help them choose classes that expose them to various majors. The program also features a Learning Resource Center, which provides subject tutoring, collaborative learning, and time management assistance. Previously, U.S. News & World Report has recognized this program as outstanding.", 0.9)
('The university first offered graduate degrees, in the form of a Master of Arts (MA), in the 1854–1855 academic year. The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL.M.) and Master of Civil Engineering in its early stages of growth, before a formal graduate school education was developed with a thesis not required to receive the degrees. This changed in 1924 with formal requirements developed for graduate degrees, including offering Doctorate (PhD) degrees. Today each of the five colleges offer graduate education. Most of the departments from the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, while a professional Master of Divinity (M.Div.) program also exists. All of the departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies. The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, while each of the departments of the College of Engineering offer PhD programs. The College of Business offers multiple professional programs including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy programs. It also operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program. Additionally, the Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education program where students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years.', ' Graduate degrees, including Master of Arts (MA), were first offered by the university in the 1854–1855 academic year. In its initial growth, the program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL.M.) and Master of Civil Engineering degrees. Formal requirements for graduate degrees, including Doctorate (PhD) degrees, were developed in 1925, and graduate education was offered by each of the five colleges. Most departments in the College of Arts and Letters now offer PhD programs, and a professional Master of Divinity (M.Div.) program exists. All departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies. The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, and each department in the College of Engineering offers PhD programs. The College of Business offers multiple professional programs, including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy, and operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program. The Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education, and students study at the university during the summer and teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years.Graduate degrees were first offered by the university in the 1854–1855 academic year. The program expanded to include Master of Laws (LL.M.) and Master of Civil Engineering degrees in its early stages of growth. Formal requirements for graduate degrees, including Doctorate (PhD) degrees, were developed in 1925, and each of the five colleges now offers graduate education. Most departments in the College of Arts and Letters offer PhD programs, and a professional Master of Divinity (M.Div.) program exists. All departments in the College of Science offer PhD programs, except for the Department of Pre-Professional Studies. The School of Architecture offers a Master of Architecture, and each department in the College of Engineering offers PhD programs. The College of Business offers multiple professional programs, including MBA and Master of Science in Accountancy, and operates facilities in Chicago and Cincinnati for its executive MBA program. The Alliance for Catholic Education program offers a Master of Education, and students are taught at the university during the summer and then teach in Catholic elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools across the Southern United States for two school years.', 0)
("The Joan B. Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to research, education and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and the conditions for sustainable peace. It offers PhD, Master's, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies. It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B. Kroc, the widow of McDonald's owner Ray Kroc. The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev. Theodore M. Hesburgh CSC, President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame. The institute has contributed to international policy discussions about peace building practices.", " The Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame is dedicated to the study of violent conflict causes and the promotion of sustainable peace conditions. It provides PhD, Masters, and undergraduate degrees in peace studies. It was founded in 1986 through the donations of Joan B. Kroc, whose late husband was McDonald's owner Ray Kroc. The institute was inspired by the vision of the Rev. Theodore M. Hesburgh CSC, who was then President Emeritus of the University of Notre Dame. International policy discussions about peace building practices have been influenced by the institute's contributions.", 0)
('The library system of the university is divided between the main library and each of the colleges and schools. The main building is the 14-story Theodore M. Hesburgh Library, completed in 1963, which is the third building to house the main collection of books. The front of the library is adorned with the Word of Life mural designed by artist Millard Sheets. This mural is popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus" because of its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and Jesus\' arms appearing to make the signal for a touchdown.', ' The main collection of books in the university is housed in the Theodore M. Hesburgh Library, which is the third building to be completed for this purpose. This 14-story library, which was finished in 1963, is divided between the main library and those of the colleges and schools. The front of the library is adorned with Millard Sheets\' Word of Life mural, popularly known as "Touchdown Jesus," due to its proximity to Notre Dame Stadium and the depiction of Jesus making a touchdown signal with his arms.', 0)
('Notre Dame is known for its competitive admissions, with the incoming class enrolling in fall 2015 admitting 3,577 from a pool of 18,156 (19.7%). The academic profile of the enrolled class continues to rate among the top 10 to 15 in the nation for national research universities. The university practices a non-restrictive early action policy that allows admitted students to consider admission to Notre Dame as well as any other colleges to which they were accepted. 1,400 of the 3,577 (39.1%) were admitted under the early action plan. Admitted students came from 1,311 high schools and the average student traveled more than 750 miles to Notre Dame, making it arguably the most representative university in the United States. While all entering students begin in the College of the First Year of Studies, 25% have indicated they plan to study in the liberal arts or social sciences, 24% in engineering, 24% in business, 24% in science, and 3% in architecture.', " Approximately 18,156 applicants competed for a place in the incoming class at Notre Dame in fall 2015, resulting in the admission of 3,577 students (19.7%). This class continued to rank among the top 10 to 15 academic profiles for national research universities. Notre Dame's non-restrictive early action policy enabled admitted students to consider offers from other colleges as well. Among the admitted students, 1,400 (39.1%) had applied under the early action plan. Students came from 1,311 different high schools, and the average student traveled over 750 miles to attend Notre Dame. All entering students began their studies in the College of the First Year of Studies. Twenty-five percent of the students indicated plans to major in the liberal arts or social sciences, while 24% intended to pursue engineering, 24% business, 24% science, and 3% architecture.", 0.9)
('In 2015-2016, Notre Dame ranked 18th overall among "national universities" in the United States in U.S. News & World Report\'s Best Colleges 2016. In 2014, USA Today ranked Notre Dame 10th overall for American universities based on data from College Factual. Forbes.com\'s America\'s Best Colleges ranks Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest. U.S. News & World Report also lists Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall. BusinessWeek ranks Mendoza College of Business undergraduate school as 1st overall. It ranks the MBA program as 20th overall. The Philosophical Gourmet Report ranks Notre Dame\'s graduate philosophy program as 15th nationally, while ARCHITECT Magazine ranked the undergraduate architecture program as 12th nationally. Additionally, the study abroad program ranks sixth in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57.6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries. According to payscale.com, undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame have a mid-career median salary $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States. The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group.', ' In the 2015-2016 ranking by U.S. News & World Reports Best Colleges 2016, Notre Dame was ranked 18th among "national universities" in the United States. In 2014, Notre Dame was ranked 10th overall by USA Today for American universities. Forbes.com\'s Americas Best Colleges ranked Notre Dame 13th among colleges in the United States in 2015, 8th among Research Universities, and 1st in the Midwest. U.S. News & World Report listed Notre Dame Law School as 22nd overall. BusinessWeek ranked the undergraduate school of Mendoza College of Business as 1st overall, and the MBA program as 20th overall. The graduate philosophy program of Notre Dame was ranked 15th nationally by The Philosophical Gourmet Report, and the undergraduate architecture program was ranked 12th nationally by ARCHITECT Magazine. The study abroad program of Notre Dame ranked 6th in highest participation percentage in the nation, with 57.6% of students choosing to study abroad in 17 countries. According to payscale.com, the mid-career median salary for undergraduate alumni of University of Notre Dame was $110,000, making it the 24th highest among colleges and universities in the United States. The median starting salary of $55,300 ranked 58th in the same peer group.', 1)
