('Sammy wanted to go to where the people were.  Where might he go?', 'What is the destination Sammy had in mind when he desired to be in the presence of other individuals? A. race track, B. populated areas, C. the desert, D. apartment, E. roadblock . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.', 'A', 'B')
('To locate a choker not located in a jewelry box or boutique where would you go?', 'To find a choker that is not in a jewelry box or boutique, where would you not go? A. jewelry store, B. neck, C. jewlery box, D. jewelry box, E. boutique . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.', 'B', 'A')
('The only baggage the woman checked was a drawstring bag, where was she heading with it?', "What was the woman's destination with the drawstring bag as the sole item of checked baggage? A. garbage can, B. military, C. jewelry store, D. safe, E. airport . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.", 'D', 'E')
('The forgotten leftovers had gotten quite old, he found it covered in mold in the back of his what?', 'What did he find covered in mold in the back of his what, after the forgotten leftovers had gotten quite old? A. carpet, B. refrigerator, C. breadbox, D. fridge, E. coach . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.', 'D', 'B')
('Where is a business restaurant likely to be located?', "What is the most common color of a business restaurant's logo? A. town, B. at hotel, C. mall, D. business sector, E. yellow pages . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.", 'A', 'D')
('Where do you put your grapes just before checking out?', 'What is the best location to store your grapes immediately prior to finalizing your purchase? A. mouth, B. grocery cart, C. super market, D. fruit basket, E. fruit market . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.', 'C', 'B')
('Before getting a divorce, what did the wife feel who was doing all the work?', 'What were the emotions experienced by the wife who was solely responsible for all the tasks before the dissolution of her marriage? A. harder, B. anguish, C. bitterness, D. tears, E. sadness . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.', 'A', 'C')
('Johnny sat on a bench and relaxed after doing a lot of work on his hobby.  Where is he?', 'What is Johnny doing after completing a significant amount of work on his hobby? A. state park, B. bus depot, C. garden, D. gym, E. rest area . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.', 'A', 'C')
('Where would you expect to find a pizzeria while shopping?', 'In what specific location, amidst the multitude of stores and establishments, would you anticipate encountering a pizzeria during the course of your shopping expedition? A. chicago, B. street, C. little italy, D. food court, E. capital cities . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.', 'B', 'D')
('When eating everything on the tasting menu, what does one tend to feel?', 'What is the typical emotional response experienced when consuming all the items listed on a tasting menu? A. full stomach, B. getting full, C. gaining weight, D. sick, E. satisfaction . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.', 'E', 'B')
('Which entrance would you use if you do not want to use the back entrance?', 'If you were to avoid using the rear entrance, which entrance would you select instead? A. side, B. main, C. anterior, D. current, E. front . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.', 'A', 'B')
('The accelerator was controller via a hand throttle, and the foot pedals controlled the steering in the small what?', 'What controlled the steering in the small what, while the accelerator was controlled via a hand throttle and the foot pedals? A. car, B. fuel system, C. accelerate, D. boat, E. airplane . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.', 'A', 'E')
('The drug kingpin told his man to run errands, this was code to go to all the dealers to do what they had?', 'What was the secret message conveyed by the drug kingpin to his subordinate when he instructed him to run errands and visit all the dealers? A. park, B. make time for, C. receive instructions, D. take money, E. leave work . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.', 'C', 'D')
("Though he could've kept going his body appreciated the rest, it had been constantly what during the day?", "What was his body constantly during the day, even though he could've continued? A. walk, B. lay down, C. working, D. moving, E. exercise . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.", 'B', 'D')
('Joe suffered many consequences from stabbing a stranger to death.   Among them, the family of the victim did something to him. What was that?', "What were the various consequences that Joe faced as a result of fatally stabbing an unknown person, including the actions taken by the victim's family towards him? A. knife wounds, B. buy a gun, C. bleeding, D. jail time, E. law suit . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.", 'I', 'E')
('I have something in my head I want to share, what ways can I do that?', 'What are the various methods one can employ to communicate a thought or idea that is currently residing within their mind? A. write an essay, B. organize thoughts, C. speak information, D. summarize main points, E. have information . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.', 'A', 'C')
('He wanted a house that was gated off from other places, where should he start looking?', 'Where should he start looking for a house that is not gated off from other places? A. neighborhood, B. subdivision, C. city, D. suburbs, E. street . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.', 'A', 'B')
('What would a camper need to do before he or she can start cooking food?', 'What are the necessary steps for a camper to take prior to commencing the preparation of meals? A. make breakfast, B. go hiking, C. pack or bag, D. light fire, E. grab a match . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.', 'E', 'D')
('What could happen to a paper if you leave it outside even if it does not move?', 'What are the potential consequences of leaving a stationary paper outdoors? A. one material often recycled, B. ripped, C. saturated with water, D. one dimensional, E. crumpled . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.', 'A', 'C')
("Mark's semen was very thick, but after his vasectomy it was also what?", "What was the change in Mark's semen after his vasectomy? A. blank, B. sparse, C. thin, D. clear, E. free flowing . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.", 'I', 'D')
('Where would you find a seafood restaurant in the east coast of North America?', 'What is the capital of the United States? A. maine, B. boston, C. beach town, D. coastal cities, E. ocean . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.', 'E', 'A')
("The game promised it was free, but the child's parents soon found themselves doing what for microtransactions?", "What were the child's parents doing in exchange for microtransactions after being assured that the game was free? A. costly, B. captive, C. contained, D. paying, E. caught . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.", 'A', 'D')
('What kind of driving leads to accidents?', 'What specific type of driving behavior consistently results in the occurrence of vehicular accidents? A. stressful, B. dangerous, C. fun, D. illegal, E. deadly . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.', 'E', 'B')
('What is eating too much dinner likely to result in?', 'What are the potential consequences of consuming an excessive amount of dinner? A. tiredness, B. living longer, C. stomach ache, D. illness, E. acid reflux . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.', 'E', 'C')
('What is a person chatting with friends likely hoping to accomplish?', 'What is the purpose behind an individual engaging in a conversation with acquaintances? A. gathering of information, B. communication, C. feel relaxed, D. kill boredom, E. social bonding . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.', 'B', 'E')
("Jame's bare feet were burned as he walked, because the sunshine had made the surface hot.  Where might he have been?", "In what location could Jame's feet have been burned due to the heat of the sun on the surface? A. disneyland, B. snow, C. windowsill, D. street, E. summer . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.", 'E', 'D')
('A fox was thirsty searching for water during the drought, where was he?', 'During the drought, where was the fox searching for water while feeling thirsty? A. painting, B. hen house, C. california, D. virginia, E. movie hall . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.', 'E', 'C')
('What might be the result of a season of successful skiing?', 'What could potentially happen as a consequence of a period of skiing that is characterized by achievements and positive outcomes? A. finish line, B. broken bones, C. broken legs, D. chapped lips, E. healthy body . Respond to the best of your ability. Only respond with the letter of your answer.', 'A', 'E')
