Error rate pair protagonists/antagonists: 0.2
Error rate pair indoor settings/outdoor settings: 0.4
Error rate pair physical actions/mental actions: 0.6
Error rate pair male entities/female entities: 0.4
Error rate pair positive emotions/negative emotions: 0.0
Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'– A search is underway for a convicted murderer who escaped from a prison in Nelsonville, Ohio. Prison officials say John Modie, 58—sentenced to 15 years to life for the murder of a woman in Cleveland in 2003—was discovered missing from the Hocking Unit of the Southeastern Correctional Institution at 11pm on Sunday during an inmate count, per the Columbus Dispatch and Cleveland.com. Officials confirmed he escaped after a search of the prison, about 60 miles southeast of Columbus, per an NBC4 reporter, though he could still be on prison grounds. Police say Modie, also convicted of robbery and escape, is considered dangerous and may have sought shelter after an overnight storm. They add he has links to Washington County, though he was convicted in Cuyahoga County, reports NBC4. He's described as a 6-foot-4 white male weighing 230 pound, with gray hair, a gray mustache, and brown eyes, and was last seen wearing a blue hoodie, gray sweatshirt, and blue pants. Hocking College, located near the prison, canceled morning classes on Monday, per WBNS, noting "a dangerous inmate has escaped from [a] local prison."
Entity protagonists: ['John Modie', 'Police']
Entity antagonists: ['John Modie', 'Storm', 'Modie']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'– In the late 1600s, three mass executions took place on a rocky ledge on the outskirts of Salem, Mass. Yes, the result of the witch trials. The city-owned site is undeveloped and largely out of view, but a new memorial aims to respectfully commemorate those who lost their lives because of superstition and intolerance, reports the Smithsonian. Salem Mayor Kimberley Driscoll plans to dedicate the site below what is called Proctor's Ledge on July 19, the same day in 1692 when five women—Sarah Good, Elizabeth Howe, Susannah Martin, Rebecca Nurse, and Sarah Wildes—were hanged from a tree on the ledge. In all, 19 people would be hanged in Salem. The site gets its name from the local Proctor family. Wealthy landowner John Proctor became a victim of the historic hysteria after he condemned the witch trials and was hanged himself. His grandson, well aware of the site's history, later bought the land. Today, especially around Halloween, tourists flock to Salem to indulge in "ghost tours" and visit sites like the Witch House, where some of the trials took place. Salem is also now home to many practitioners of the Wiccan faith. Volunteers were cleaning up the site this weekend ahead of the ceremony, notes a post at Patch.com. (The actual site of the hangings was only recently verified.)
Entity indoor settings: ['Witch House', 'Home of John Proctor', 'Local Proctor family home', 'Tourist attractions (ghost tours, etc.)', 'Practitioners of the Wiccan faith']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Rocky ledge', 'Outskirts of Salem, Mass.', 'Undeveloped site', 'Proctors Ledge', 'Tree', 'Local Proctor family land', 'Witch House', 'SalemI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'– Strangers said they'd gladly dine with "Sad Papaw" after a viral photo taken last Wednesday showed all but one grandchild skipped a dinner with him, for which he'd made burgers and their favorite homemade ice cream. Now they have their chance. "The most famous Papaw in the world" is having a cookout and you're invited. Grandson Brock Harmon tells BuzzFeed that Papaw will host a cookout at the family's flea market in Purcell, Okla., on Saturday. The Harmon family will be selling burgers—made by Papaw himself—for $2 a pop, per a Facebook post. Those who partake may also want to pick up a shirt with Papaw's face on it that reads, "I had a burger with Papaw." "It was Papaw's idea," says Harmon. "He never ever thought he would be a celebrity." At least 3,000 people have told Harmon they'll drop by. Harmon tells KVUE that all proceeds will go toward the grandchildren's college tuition or charities, though he tells BuzzFeed that Papaw will be the actual recipient. "What he decides to do with [the proceeds] is his business," he says. As for that missed dinner, Harmon says he had other plans but the four other grandchildren who didn't attend weren't actually told about it. Papaw called it a "miscommunication." Normally "we communicate all the time," Harmon adds. "We want people to learn a lesson from this: call your grandparents, tell them you love them, go eat with them"—unless you're eating with Papaw instead. (Even Montel Williams tweeted about Papaw.)
Entity indoor settings: ['Flea market', 'Home', 'Restaurant (mentioned as a place', 'Living room (mentioned as a', 'Kitchen (mentioned as the place']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Flea market', 'Purcell, Oklahoma', 'Backyard (mentioned as the location']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'– In the late 1600s, three mass executions took place on a rocky ledge on the outskirts of Salem, Mass. Yes, the result of the witch trials. The city-owned site is undeveloped and largely out of view, but a new memorial aims to respectfully commemorate those who lost their lives because of superstition and intolerance, reports the Smithsonian. Salem Mayor Kimberley Driscoll plans to dedicate the site below what is called Proctor's Ledge on July 19, the same day in 1692 when five women—Sarah Good, Elizabeth Howe, Susannah Martin, Rebecca Nurse, and Sarah Wildes—were hanged from a tree on the ledge. In all, 19 people would be hanged in Salem. The site gets its name from the local Proctor family. Wealthy landowner John Proctor became a victim of the historic hysteria after he condemned the witch trials and was hanged himself. His grandson, well aware of the site's history, later bought the land. Today, especially around Halloween, tourists flock to Salem to indulge in "ghost tours" and visit sites like the Witch House, where some of the trials took place. Salem is also now home to many practitioners of the Wiccan faith. Volunteers were cleaning up the site this weekend ahead of the ceremony, notes a post at Patch.com. (The actual site of the hangings was only recently verified.)
Entity physical actions: ['Hanged', 'Executions', 'Dedicate', 'Hanged', 'Condemned', 'Bought', 'Cleaning', 'Visit', 'Tourists flock', 'Indulge']
Entity mental actions: ['Condemned', 'Hysteria', 'Indulge', 'Aware', 'Visit', 'Practice', 'Dedicate', 'Plan', 'Remember', 'ViewI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'– A search is underway for a convicted murderer who escaped from a prison in Nelsonville, Ohio. Prison officials say John Modie, 58—sentenced to 15 years to life for the murder of a woman in Cleveland in 2003—was discovered missing from the Hocking Unit of the Southeastern Correctional Institution at 11pm on Sunday during an inmate count, per the Columbus Dispatch and Cleveland.com. Officials confirmed he escaped after a search of the prison, about 60 miles southeast of Columbus, per an NBC4 reporter, though he could still be on prison grounds. Police say Modie, also convicted of robbery and escape, is considered dangerous and may have sought shelter after an overnight storm. They add he has links to Washington County, though he was convicted in Cuyahoga County, reports NBC4. He's described as a 6-foot-4 white male weighing 230 pound, with gray hair, a gray mustache, and brown eyes, and was last seen wearing a blue hoodie, gray sweatshirt, and blue pants. Hocking College, located near the prison, canceled morning classes on Monday, per WBNS, noting "a dangerous inmate has escaped from [a] local prison."
Entity physical actions: ['escaped', 'searched', 'discovered', 'missing', 'counted', 'sought shelter', 'has links', 'was convicted', 'weighing', 'last seen']
Entity mental actions: ['searched', 'discovered', 'escaped', 'may have', 'sought', 'add', 'last', 'noted']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'– The scientist who invents a Tinder for giant pandas may just single-handedly save the endangered species. A study published Tuesday in Nature Communications found that pandas are much more likely to successfully mate when they're attracted to each other. It seems like an obvious conclusion, and that's why why researchers found it "surprising that mate preferences have not figured more prominently in captive breeding programs," Phys.org reports. Instead scientists have tried everything from Viagra to artificial insemination to "panda porn" to bring the endangered animals back from the brink. "Our findings highlight that mate preference and other aspects of informed behavioral management could make the difference between success and failure of these programs," the study states. Live Science reports researchers let pandas choose between two possible mates using various signs of attraction, indifference, or aggression. Pandas that were mutually attracted to each other had a 75% likelihood of successfully reproducing. Without any attraction, the odds were closer to 0%. Those odds improved when even one panda—male or female—showed signs of attraction. While this seems like an easy solution to breeding issues, scientists still have to address the problem of genetic diversity in a small population. Researchers recommend screening prospective mates for genetics first then letting pandas choose. According to Phys.org, they believe this could make breeding programs both more successful and cost-effective.
Entity physical actions: ['Invent', 'Attracted', 'Mate', 'Choose', 'Show signs of attraction', 'Indifference', 'Aggression', 'Reproducing', 'Artificial insemination', 'Administering Viagra', 'Watching "panda porn"']
Entity mental actions: ['Attracted', 'Indifferent', 'Aggressive', 'Choosing', 'Screening', 'Deciding', 'Selecting', 'Recommending']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'– In the late 1600s, three mass executions took place on a rocky ledge on the outskirts of Salem, Mass. Yes, the result of the witch trials. The city-owned site is undeveloped and largely out of view, but a new memorial aims to respectfully commemorate those who lost their lives because of superstition and intolerance, reports the Smithsonian. Salem Mayor Kimberley Driscoll plans to dedicate the site below what is called Proctor's Ledge on July 19, the same day in 1692 when five women—Sarah Good, Elizabeth Howe, Susannah Martin, Rebecca Nurse, and Sarah Wildes—were hanged from a tree on the ledge. In all, 19 people would be hanged in Salem. The site gets its name from the local Proctor family. Wealthy landowner John Proctor became a victim of the historic hysteria after he condemned the witch trials and was hanged himself. His grandson, well aware of the site's history, later bought the land. Today, especially around Halloween, tourists flock to Salem to indulge in "ghost tours" and visit sites like the Witch House, where some of the trials took place. Salem is also now home to many practitioners of the Wiccan faith. Volunteers were cleaning up the site this weekend ahead of the ceremony, notes a post at Patch.com. (The actual site of the hangings was only recently verified.)
Entity male entities: ['John Proctor', 'John Proctor', 'Rebecca Nurse', 'Sarah Good', 'Elizabeth Howe', 'Susannah Martin', 'Sarah Wildes']
Entity female entities: ['Sarah Good', 'Elizabeth Howe', 'Susannah Martin', 'Rebecca Nurse', 'Sarah Wildes', 'John Proctor', 'Sarah Proctor']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'– Strangers said they'd gladly dine with "Sad Papaw" after a viral photo taken last Wednesday showed all but one grandchild skipped a dinner with him, for which he'd made burgers and their favorite homemade ice cream. Now they have their chance. "The most famous Papaw in the world" is having a cookout and you're invited. Grandson Brock Harmon tells BuzzFeed that Papaw will host a cookout at the family's flea market in Purcell, Okla., on Saturday. The Harmon family will be selling burgers—made by Papaw himself—for $2 a pop, per a Facebook post. Those who partake may also want to pick up a shirt with Papaw's face on it that reads, "I had a burger with Papaw." "It was Papaw's idea," says Harmon. "He never ever thought he would be a celebrity." At least 3,000 people have told Harmon they'll drop by. Harmon tells KVUE that all proceeds will go toward the grandchildren's college tuition or charities, though he tells BuzzFeed that Papaw will be the actual recipient. "What he decides to do with [the proceeds] is his business," he says. As for that missed dinner, Harmon says he had other plans but the four other grandchildren who didn't attend weren't actually told about it. Papaw called it a "miscommunication." Normally "we communicate all the time," Harmon adds. "We want people to learn a lesson from this: call your grandparents, tell them you love them, go eat with them"—unless you're eating with Papaw instead. (Even Montel Williams tweeted about Papaw.)
Entity male entities: ['Papaw', 'Brock Harmon', 'Montel Williams']
Entity female entities: ['Papaw', 'Grandchildren', 'Brock Harmon', 'Mother', 'Charities', 'Montel Williams']

