Error rate pair protagonists/antagonists: 0.662
Error rate pair indoor settings/outdoor settings: 0.23
Error rate pair physical actions/mental actions: 0.14
Error rate pair male entities/female entities: 0.592
Error rate pair positive emotions/negative emotions: 0.234
Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Archibald MacLeish, Immortal Autumn from Collected Poems 1917-1982. Copyright  1985 by The Estate of Archibald MacLeish. Reprinted with the permission of Houghton Mifflin Company. All rights reserved.
Entity protagonists: ['Archibald MacLeish', 'Immortal Autumn']
Entity antagonists: ['Archibald MacLeish', 'Immortal Autumn']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The motion of gathering loops of water
Must either burst or remain in a moment.
The violet colors through the glass
Throw up little swellings that appear
And spatter as soon as another strikes
And is born; so pure are they of colored
Hues, that we feel the absent strength
Of its power. When they begin they gather
Like sand on the beach: each bubble
Contains a complete eye of water.
Entity protagonists: ['Water', 'Violet colors', 'Glass', 'Swellings', 'Bubbles']
Entity antagonists: ['Water', 'Glass', 'Violet colors', 'Other strikes', 'Power']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Not at first sight, nor with a dribbed shot,
   Love gave the wound which while I breathe will bleed:
   But known worth did in mine of time proceed,
Till by degrees it had full conquest got.
I saw, and liked; I liked, but loved not;
   I loved, but straight did not what love decreed:
   At length to loves decrees I, forced, agreed,
Yet with repining at so partial lot.
   Now even that footstep of lost liberty
Is gone, and now like slave-born Muscovite
I call it praise to suffer tyranny;
And now employ the remnant of my wit
   To make myself believe that all is well,
   While with a feeling skill I paint my hell.
Entity protagonists: ['Love', 'I (the speaker)']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'Time', 'Decreed', 'Lot', 'Tyranny']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The longe love that in my thought doth harbour
And in mine hert doth keep his residence,
Into my face presseth with bold pretence
And therein campeth, spreading his banner.
She that me learneth to love and suffer
And will that my trust and lustes negligence
Be rayned by reason, shame, and reverence,
With his hardiness taketh displeasure.
Wherewithall unto the hert's forest he fleeth,
Leaving his enterprise with pain and cry,
And there him hideth and not appeareth.
What may I do when my master feareth
But in the field with him to live and die?
For good is the life ending faithfully.
Entity protagonists: ['Love', 'She', 'He']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'Pain', 'Cry', 'Reason', 'Shame', 'Reverence', 'Displeasure', 'Fear']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Though I am young, and cannot tell
    Either what Death or Love is well,
Yet I have heard they both bear darts,
    And both do aim at human hearts.
And then again, I have been told
    Love wounds with heat, as Death with cold;
So that I fear they do but bring
    Extremes to touch, and mean one thing.

As in a ruin we it call
    One thing to be blown up, or fall;
Or to our end like way may have
    By a flash of lightning, or a wave;
So Loves inflamed shaft or brand
    May kill as soon as Deaths cold hand;
Except Loves fires the virtue have
    To fright the frost out of the grave.
Entity protagonists: ['Young person', 'Death', 'Love']
Entity antagonists: ['Death', 'Love']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Ye tradefull Merchants that with weary toyle,
Do seeke most pretious things to make your gain:
And both the Indias of their treasures spoile,
What needeth you to seeke so farre in vaine?
For loe my love doth in her selfe containe
All this worlds riches that may farre be found,
If Saphyres, loe hir eies be Saphyres plaine,
If Rubies, loe hir lips be Rubies sound:
If Pearles, hir teeth be pearles both pure and round;
If Yvorie, her forhead yvory weene;
If Gold, her locks are finest gold on ground;
If silver, her faire hands are silver sheene;
But that which fairest is, but few behold,
Her mind adornd with vertues manifold.
Entity protagonists: ['Merchants', 'Love', 'Saphyres', 'Rubies', 'Pearles', 'Yvorie', 'Gold', 'Silver']
Entity antagonists: ['Merchants', 'India (mentioned as something to', 'Love (mentioned as something that']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Rose-cheek'd Laura, come,
Sing thou smoothly with thy beauty's
Silent music, either other
Sweetly gracing.

Lovely forms do flow
From concent divinely framed;
Heav'n is music, and thy beauty's
Birth is heavenly.

These dull notes we sing
Discords need for helps to grace them;
Only beauty purely loving
Knows no discord,

But still moves delight,
Like clear springs renew'd by flowing,
Ever perfect, ever in them-
Selves eternal.
Entity protagonists: ['Laura', 'Beauty', 'Heaven', 'Music', 'Love']
Entity antagonists: ['Laura', 'Beauty', 'Heaven', 'Discords', 'Dull notes']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I grieve and dare not show my discontent,
I love and yet am forced to seem to hate,
I do, yet dare not say I ever meant,
I seem stark mute but inwardly do prate.
I am and not, I freeze and yet am burned,
Since from myself another self I turned.

My care is like my shadow in the sun,
Follows me flying, flies when I pursue it,
Stands and lies by me, doth what I have done.
His too familiar care doth make me rue it.
No means I find to rid him from my breast,
Till by the end of things it be supprest.

Some gentler passion slide into my mind,
For I am soft and made of melting snow;
Or be more cruel, love, and so be kind.
Let me or float or sink, be high or low.
Or let me live with some more sweet content,
Or die and so forget what love ere meant.
Entity protagonists: ['I', 'Love', 'Self', 'Care', 'Gentler passion', 'Snow', 'Love']
Entity antagonists: ['Grief', 'Hate', 'Love', 'Self (in the sense of', 'Care', 'Shadow', 'Passion', 'Melting snow (as a metaphor', 'Cruelty', 'KindnessI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Let those who are in favour with their stars
Of public honour and proud titles boast,
Whilst I, whom fortune of such triumph bars,
Unlook'd for joy in that I honour most.
Great princes' favourites their fair leaves spread
But as the marigold at the sun's eye,
And in themselves their pride lies buried,
For at a frown they in their glory die.
The painful warrior famoused for fight,
After a thousand victories once foil'd,
Is from the book of honour razed quite,
And all the rest forgot for which he toil'd:
Then happy I, that love and am beloved
Where I may not remove nor be removed.
Entity protagonists: ['The speaker', 'Great princes', 'The warrior']
Entity antagonists: ['Fortune', 'Public honour', 'Stars', 'Great princes', 'Glory', 'The book of honour', 'The painful warrior (who is']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Merry Margaret,
As midsummer flower,
Gentle as a falcon
Or hawk of the tower:
With solace and gladness,
Much mirth and no madness,
All good and no badness;
So joyously,
So maidenly,
So womanly
Her demeaning
In every thing,
Far, far passing
That I can indite,
Or suffice to write
Of Merry Margaret
As midsummer flower,
Gentle as falcon
Or hawk of the tower.
As patient and still
And as full of good will
As fair Isaphill,
Coriander,
Sweet pomander,
Good Cassander,
Steadfast of thought,
Well made, well wrought,
Far may be sought
Ere that ye can find
So courteous, so kind
As Merry Margaret,
This midsummer flower,
Gentle as falcon
Or hawk of the tower.
Entity protagonists: ['Merry Margaret', 'Gentle as a falcon', 'Or hawk of the tower', 'Fair Isaphill', 'Coriander', 'Sweet pomander', 'Good Cassander', 'Steadfast of thought', 'Well made, well wrought', 'Far may be sought', 'So courteous, so kind']
Entity antagonists: ['Gentle as a falcon', 'Or hawk of the tower', 'Fair Isaphill', 'Coriander', 'Sweet pomander', 'Good Cassander', 'Steadfast of thought', 'Well made, well wroughtThese are']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'See the chariot at hand here of Love,
Wherein my lady rideth!
Each that draws is a swan or a dove,
And well the car Love guideth.
As she goes, all hearts do duty
Unto her beauty;
And enamour'd, do wish, so they might
But enjoy such a sight,
That they still were to run by her side,
Through swords, through seas, whither she would ride.

Do but look on her eyes, they do light
All that Love's world compriseth!
Do but look on her hair, it is bright
As Love's star when it riseth!
Do but mark, her forehead's smoother
Than words that soothe her;
And from her arched brows, such a grace
Sheds itself through the face
As alone there triumphs to the life
All the gain, all the good, of the elements' strife.

Have you seen but a bright lily grow,
Before rude hands have touch'd it?
Ha' you mark'd but the fall o' the snow
Before the soil hath smutch'd it?
Ha' you felt the wool o' the beaver?
Or swan's down ever?
Or have smelt o' the bud o' the briar?
Or the nard in the fire?
Or have tasted the bag of the bee?
Oh so white! Oh so soft! Oh so sweet is she!
Entity protagonists: ['Love', 'Lady', 'Beauty', 'Heart', 'Eyes', 'Hair', 'Forehead', 'Life', 'Lily', 'Snow', 'Soil', 'Beaver', 'Swans', 'Briar', 'Nard', 'Fire', 'Bee']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'The elements (represented by the', 'Rude hands (which threaten to', 'The soil (which smutches the', 'The wool of the beaver', 'The bud of the briar', 'The nard in the fire', 'The bag of the bee']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Come darkest night, becoming sorrow best;
    Light; leave thy light; fitt for a lightsome soule;
    Darknes doth truly sure with mee oprest
    Whom absence power doth from mirthe controle:

The very trees with hanging heads condole
    Sweet sommers parting, and of leaves distrest
    In dying coulers make a griefe-full role;
    Soe much (alas) to sorrow are they prest,

Thus of dead leaves her farewell carpetts made:
    Theyr fall, theyr branches, all theyr mournings prove;
    With leavles, naked bodies, whose huese vade
    From hopefull greene, to wither in theyr love,

If trees, and leaves for absence, mourners bee
Noe mervaile that I grieve, who like want see.
Entity protagonists: ['Night', 'Light', 'Soul', 'Absence', 'Mirthe (Mirth)', 'Leaves', 'Death', 'Sorrow', 'Love', 'Hope']
Entity antagonists: ['Darkness', 'Absence', 'Sorrow', 'Death', 'Leaves', 'Grief', 'Love']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Ezra Pound, "Canto XLV " from The Cantos of Ezra Pound. Copyright  1993 by Ezra Pound. Reprinted by permission of New Directions Publishing Corporation.
Entity protagonists: ['Ezra Pound', 'The Cantos of Ezra Pound', 'New Directions Publishing Corporation']
Entity antagonists: ['Ezra Pound', 'The Cantos of Ezra Pound', 'New Directions Publishing Corporation']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The trade-wind jingles the rings in the nets around the racks by the docks on Indian River.
It is the same jingle of the water among roots under the banks of the palmettoes,
It is the same jingle of the red-bird breasting the orange-treesout of the cedars.
Yet there is no spring in Florida, neither in boskage perdu, nor on the nunnery beaches.
Entity protagonists: ['Trade wind', 'Water', 'Red-bird', 'Orange-trees', 'Cedars', 'Florida']
Entity antagonists: ['Trade winds', 'Water', 'Roots', 'Red-bird', 'Orange-trees']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Louise Bogan, Song for the Last Act from The Blue Estuaries: Poems 1923-1968. Copyright  1968 by Louise Bogan. Used by permission of Farrar, Straus & Giroux, LLC, http://us.macmillan.com/fsg. All rights reserved.
Entity protagonists: ['Louise Bogan', 'Song']
Entity antagonists: ['Louise Bogan', 'Song']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Never give all the heart, for love
Will hardly seem worth thinking of
To passionate women if it seem
Certain, and they never dream
That it fades out from kiss to kiss;
For everything thats lovely is
But a brief, dreamy, kind delight.
O never give the heart outright,
For they, for all smooth lips can say,
Have given their hearts up to the play.
And who could play it well enough
If deaf and dumb and blind with love?
He that made this knows all the cost,
For he gave all his heart and lost.
Entity protagonists: ['Love', 'Women', 'Heart', 'Lips', 'Love']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'Women', 'Passion', 'Kiss', 'Heart', 'Lips', 'Play', 'Love']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'If it were not for England, who would bear
This heavy servitude one moment more?
To keep a brothel, sweep and wash the floor
Of filthiest hovels were noble to compare
With this brass-cleaning life. Now here, now there
Harried in foolishness, scanned curiously o'er
By fools made brazen by conceit, and store
Of antique witticisms thin and bare.

Only the love of comrades sweetens all,
Whose laughing spirit will not be outdone.
As night-watching men wait for the sun
To hearten them, so wait I on such boys
As neither brass nor Hell-fire may appal,
Nor guns, nor sergeant-major's bluster and noise.
Entity protagonists: ['England', 'The speaker', 'The "fools"', 'The "night-watching men"', 'The "boys"']
Entity antagonists: ['England', 'Fools', 'Brass-cleaning life', 'Conceit', 'Antique witticisms', 'Night-watching men', 'Hell-fire', 'Guns', 'Sergeant-majors']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'O Grammar rules, O now your virtues show;
    So children still read you with awful eyes,
    As my young Dove may in your precepts wise
Her grant to me, by her own virtue know.
For late with heart most high, with eyes most low,
    I cravd the thing which ever she denies:
    She lightning Love, displaying Venus skies,
Least once should not be heard, twice said, No, No.
    Sing then my Muse, now Io Pan sing,
    Heavns envy not at my high triumphing:
But Grammars force with sweet success confirm,
    For Grammar says (O this dear Stella weigh,)
    For Grammar says (to Grammar who says nay)
That in one speech two Negatives affirm.
Entity protagonists: ['Grammar', 'Io Pan', 'Stella']
Entity antagonists: ['Grammar', 'Love', 'Venus', 'No']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Time only cause of my unrest
By whom I hopd once to bee blest
    How cruell art thou turned?
That first gavst lyfe unto my love,
And still a pleasure nott to move
    Or change though ever burned;

Have I thee slackd, or left undun
One loving rite, and soe have wunn
    Thy rage or bitter changing?
That now noe minutes I shall see,
Wherein I may least happy bee
    Thy favors soe estranging.

Blame thy self, and nott my folly,
Time gave time butt to bee holly;
    True love such ends best loveth
Unworhty love doth seeke for ends
A worthy love butt worth pretends
    Nor other thoughts itt proveth:

Then stay thy swiftnes cruell time,
And lett mee once more blessed clime
    To joy, that I may prayse thee:
Lett mee pleasure sweetly tasting
Joy in love, and faith nott wasting
    And on fames wings Ile rayse thee:

Never shall thy glory dying
Bee untill thine owne untying
    That time noe longer liveth;
Tis a gaine such tyme to lend:
Since soe thy fame shall never end
    Butt joy for what she giveth.
Entity protagonists: ['Time', 'Love', 'Self', 'Folly', 'Fame', 'Joy']
Entity antagonists: ['Time', 'Love', 'Cruelty', 'Changing', 'Estrangement', 'Folly', 'Self', 'Pretending', 'Unworthy love', 'FateThese are the characters or']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Thou art my lute, by thee I sing,
     My being is attuned to thee.
Thou settest all my words a-wing,
     And meltest me to melody.
 
Thou art my life, by thee I live,
     From thee proceed the joys I know;
Sweetheart, thy hand has power to give
     The meed of lovethe cup of woe.
 
Thou art my love, by thee I lead
     My soul the paths of light along,
From vale to vale, from mead to mead,
     And home it in the hills of song.
 
My song, my soul, my life, my all,
     Why need I pray or make my plea,
Since my petition cannot fall;
     For Im already one with thee!
Entity protagonists: ['Lute', 'Love', 'Self', 'Soul', 'Life', 'Heart', 'Melody', 'Poetry', 'Song', 'Hills']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'Melody', 'Woe', 'Life', 'Death']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'She has no need to fear the fall
Of harvest from the laddered reach
Of orchards, nor the tide gone ebbing
      From the steep beach.

Nor hold to pain's effrontery
Her body's bulwark, stern and savage,
Nor be a glass, where to forsee
      Another's ravage.

What she has gathered, and what lost,
She will not find to lose again.
She is possessed by time, who once
      Was loved by men.
Entity protagonists: ['She', 'Time']
Entity antagonists: ['Time', 'Men']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Let me not to the marriage of true minds
Admit impediments. Love is not love
Which alters when it alteration finds,
Or bends with the remover to remove.
O no! it is an ever-fixed mark
That looks on tempests and is never shaken;
It is the star to every wand'ring bark,
Whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken.
Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks
Within his bending sickle's compass come;
Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks,
But bears it out even to the edge of doom.
If this be error and upon me prov'd,
I never writ, nor no man ever lov'd.
Entity protagonists: ['Love', 'Time', 'The speaker (addressed as "I")']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'Time', 'Society/Culture (represented by the phrase', 'Fate/Destiny (represented by the line', "Society's expectations (represented by the"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'They came to tell your faults to me,
They named them over one by one;
I laughed aloud when they were done,
I knew them all so well before, 
Oh, they were blind, too blind to see
Your faults had made me love you more.
Entity protagonists: ['They', 'You', 'I']
Entity antagonists: ['They', 'Blind', 'Faults']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Joy of my life, full oft for loving you
    I bless my lot, that was so lucky placed:
    But then the more your own mishap I rue,
    That are so much by so mean love embased.
For had the equal heavens so much you graced
    In this as in the rest, ye might invent
    Some heavenly wit, whose verse could have enchased
    Your glorious name in golden monument.
But since ye deignd so goodly to relent
    To me your thrall, in whom is little worth,
    That little that I am shall all be spent
    In setting your immortal praises forth;
Whose lofty argument uplifting me
    Shall lift you up unto an high degree.
Entity protagonists: ['Life', 'Love', 'You (addressed as "you" multiple', 'I (addressed as "I" multiple']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'Misfortune', 'Mean love', 'Self (in the form of']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'W. B. Yeats, The Circus Animals Desertion from The Poems of W. B. Yeats: A New Edition, edited by Richard J. Finneran. Copyright 1933 by Macmillan Publishing Company, renewed  1961 by Georgie Yeats. Reprinted with the permission of A. P. Watt, Ltd. on behalf of Michael Yeats.
Entity protagonists: ['W. B. Yeats', 'Circus animals']
Entity antagonists: ['Circus animals', 'Georgie Yeats', 'A. P. Watt, Ltd.']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'As the immense dew of Florida
Brings forth
The big-finned palm
And green vine angering for life,
 
As the immense dew of Florida
Brings forth hymn and hymn
From the beholder,
Beholding all these green sides
And gold sides of green sides,
 
And blessed mornings,
Meet for the eye of the young alligator,
And lightning colors
So, in me, come flinging
Forms, flames, and the flakes of flames.
Entity protagonists: ['Big-finned palm', 'Green vine', 'Young alligator', 'Lightning colors']
Entity antagonists: ['Big-finned palm', 'Green vine', 'Young alligator', 'Lightning colors']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Stephen Spender, "Song" from New Collected Poems, published by Faber. Copyright  2004. Reprinted by kind permission of the Estate of Stephen Spender.
Entity protagonists: ['Stephen Spender', '"Song" from New Collected Poems']
Entity antagonists: ['Stephen Spender', '"Song"', 'New Collected Poems', 'Faber', 'Estate of Stephen Spender']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Is this the river East I heard?
Where the ferries, tugs and sailboats stirred
And the reaching wharves from the inner land
Ourstretched, like the harmless receiving hand
 
And the silvery tinge that sparkles aloud
Like the brilliant white demons, which a tide has towed
From the rays of the morning sun
Which it doth ceaselessly shine upon.
 
But look at the depth of the drippling tide
The dripples, reripples like the locusts astride;
As the boat turns upon the silvery spread
It leavesstrangea shadow dead.
 
And the very charms from the reflective river
And from the stacks of the floating boat
There seemeth the quality neer to dissever
Like the ruffles from the mystified smoke.
Entity protagonists: ['River', 'Ferries', 'Tugs', 'Sailboats', 'Wharves', 'Morning sun', 'Locusts', 'Boat', 'Shadow', 'Smoke']
Entity antagonists: ['Tide', 'Demons', 'Shadow', 'Quality (neer)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Kenneth Slessor, South Country from Selected Poems, published by HarperCollins Publishers Australia. Used by permission.
Entity protagonists: ['Kenneth Slessor', 'South Country', 'HarperCollins Publishers Australia', 'Selected Poems']
Entity antagonists: ['Kenneth Slessor', 'South Country', 'HarperCollins Publishers Australia']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Kenneth Slessor, Five Visions of Captain Cook from Selected Poems, published by HarperCollins Publishers Australia. Used by permission.
Entity protagonists: ['Kenneth Slessor', 'Captain Cook']
Entity antagonists: ['Captain Cook', 'Nature', 'The sea']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'O thou, my lovely boy, who in thy powr
Dost hold times fickle glass his sickle hour,
Who hast by waning grown, and therein showst
Thy lovers withering, as thy sweet self growst
In nature, sovereign mistress over wrack,
As thou goest onwards still will pluck thee back,
She keeps thee to this purpose, that her skill
May time disgrace, and wretched minute kill.
Yet fear her, O thou minion of her pleasure;
She may detain but not still keep her treasure.
   Her audit, though delayed, answered must be,
   And her quietus is to render thee.
Entity protagonists: ['Boy', 'Nature', 'She (the mistress of time)']
Entity antagonists: ['Time', 'Nature', 'The lovers (implied)', 'The mistress (implied)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Penelope for her Ulisses sake,
Devizd a Web her wooers to deceave:
In which the worke that she all day did make
The same at night she did again unreave:
Such subtile craft my Damzell doth conceave,
Th importune suit of my desire to shnone:
For all that I in many dayes doo weave,
In one short houre I find by her undonne.
So when I thinke to end that I begonne,
I must begin and never bring to end:
For with one looke she spils that long I sponne,
And with one word my whole years work doth rend.
Such labour like the Spyders web I fynd,
Whose fruitless worke is broken with least wynd.
Entity protagonists: ['Penelope', 'Damzell']
Entity antagonists: ['Penelope', 'Web', 'Desire', 'Suitors', 'Time', 'Penelope herself (in her own']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Hark, hark! the lark at heaven's gate sings, 
And Phoebus 'gins arise, 
His steeds to water at those springs 
On chaliced flowers that lies; 
And winking Mary-buds begin 
To ope their golden eyes: 
With every thing that pretty is, 
My lady sweet, arise: 
Arise, arise.
Entity protagonists: ['Hark', 'Phoebus', 'Mary']
Entity antagonists: ['Hark', 'Phoebus']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Guillaume Apollinaire. Clotilde from Alcools, English translation copyright 1995 Donald Revell and reprinted by permission of Wesleyan University Press.
Entity protagonists: ['Guillaume Apollinaire', 'Clotilde']
Entity antagonists: ['Clotilde', 'Wesleyan University Press']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Potuia, potuia
White grave goddess,
Pity my sadness,
O silence of Paros.

I am not of these about thy feet,
These garments and decorum;
I am thy brother,
Thy lover of aforetime crying to thee,
And thou hearest me not.

I have whispered thee in thy solitudes
Of our loves in Phrygia,
The far ecstasy of burning noons
When the fragile pipes
Ceased in the cypress shade,
And the brown fingers of the shepherd
Moved over slim shoulders;
And only the cicada sang.

I have told thee of the hills
And the lisp of reeds
And the sun upon thy breasts,

And thou hearest me not,
Potuia, potuia
Thou hearest me not.
Entity protagonists: ['Potuia', 'White grave goddess', 'Pity', 'Silence of Paros', 'I (the speaker)']
Entity antagonists: ['Potuia', 'Silence of Paros']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Hugh MacDiarmid, The Watergaw from Selected Poetry. Copyright  1992 by Alan Riach and Michael Grieve. Reprinted with the permission of New Directions Publishing Corporation.
Entity protagonists: ['Hugh MacDiarmid', 'The Watergaw']
Entity antagonists: ['The Watergaw', 'Hugh MacDiarmid']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Look in thy glass and tell the face thou viewest,
Now is the time that face should form another,
Whose fresh repair if now thou not renewest,
Thou dost beguile the world, unbless some mother.
For where is she so fair whose uneared womb
Disdains the tillage of thy husbandry?
Or who is he so fond will be the tomb
Of his self-love, to stop posterity?
Thou art thy mothers glass, and she in thee
Calls back the lovely April of her prime;
So thou through windows of thine age shalt see,
Despite of wrinkles, this thy golden time.
    But if thou live remembred not to be,
    Die single, and thine image dies with thee.
Entity protagonists: ['Self', 'Mother', 'Husbandry', 'Posterity', 'April', 'Prime']
Entity antagonists: ['World', 'Self-love', 'Husbandry', 'Posterity', 'Time', 'Death']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Walking the fields a wantcatcher I spied,
To him I went, desirous of his game:
Sir, have you taken wants? Yes, he replied,
Here are a dozen, which were lately taen.
Then you have left no more. No more? quoth he.
Sir I can show you more: the more the worse;
And to his work he went, but 'twould not be,
For all the wants were crept into my purse.
     Farewell friend wantcatcher, since 'twill not be,
     Thou cannot catch the wants, but they catch me.
Entity protagonists: ['Wantcatcher', 'The speaker (addressed as "sir")']
Entity antagonists: ['Wantcatcher', 'Wants', 'The wants (repeatedly)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The buffaloes are gone.
And those who saw the buffaloes are gone.
Those who saw the buffaloes by thousands and how they pawed the prairie sod into dust with their hoofs, their great heads down pawing on in a great pageant of dusk,
Those who saw the buffaloes are gone.
And the buffaloes are gone.
Entity protagonists: ['Buffaloes', 'Those who saw the buffaloes']
Entity antagonists: ['Buffaloes', 'Those who saw the buffaloes']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Louise Bogan, Epitaph for a Romantic Woman from Body of this Death: Poems (New York: Robert M. McBride, 1923). Copyright 1923 by Louise Bogan. Reprinted with the permission of the Estate of Louise Bogan.
Entity protagonists: ['Louise Bogan', 'Romantic Woman']
Entity antagonists: ['Louise Bogan', 'Death', 'Romantic Woman']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Love is my sin, and thy dear virtue hate,
Hate of my sin, grounded on sinful loving.
O, but with mine compare thou thine own state,
And thou shalt find it merits not reproving;
Or if it do, not from those lips of thine,
That have profaned their scarlet ornaments
And sealed false bonds of love as oft as mine,
Robbed others beds revenues of their rents.
Be it lawful I love thee as thou lovst those
Whom thine eyes woo as mine importune thee:
Root pity in thy heart, that, when it grows,
Thy pity may deserve to pitied be.
    If thou dost seek to have what thou dost hide,
    By self-example mayst thou be denied.
Entity protagonists: ['Love', 'Hate', 'Self']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'Hate', 'Virtue', 'Sin', 'Lips', 'Pity']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The sea-wash never ends.
The sea-wash repeats, repeats.
Only old songs? Is that all the sea knows?
             Only the old strong songs?
             Is that all?
The sea-wash repeats, repeats.
Entity protagonists: ['Sea', 'Old songs']
Entity antagonists: ['Sea', 'Old songs']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Barque of phosphor
On the palmy beach,
 
Move outward into heaven,
Into the alabasters
And night blues.
 
Foam and cloud are one.
Sultry moon-monsters
Are dissolving.
 
Fill your black hull
With white moonlight.
 
There will never be an end
To this droning of the surf.
Entity protagonists: ['Barque', 'Moon', 'Night', 'Foam', 'Cloud', 'Sultry moon-monsters', 'Surf']
Entity antagonists: ['Night blues', 'Sultry moon-monsters', 'Foam and cloud are one']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Alas, have I not pain enough, my friend,
Upon whose breast a fiercer gripe doth tire
Than did on him who first stale down the fire,
While Love on me doth all his quiver spend,
But with your rhubarb words you must contend
To grieve me worse, in saying that Desire
Doth plunge my well-formed soul even in the mire
Of sinful thoughts, which do in ruin end?
If that be sin which doth the manners frame,
Well stayed with truth in word and faith of deed,
Ready of wit, and fearing naught but shame;
If that be sin which in fixed hearts doth breed
A loathing of all loose unchastity,
Then love is sin, and let me sinful be.
Entity protagonists: ['Alas', 'Love', 'Desire', 'Man']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'Desire', 'Shame']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Man of himselfs a little world, but joind
With woman, woman for that end designd,
(Hear cruel fair one whilst I this rehearse!)
He makes up then a complete universe.
Man, like this sublunary world, is born
The sport of two cross planets, love, and scorn:
Woman the other world resembles well,
In whose looks Heavn is, in whose breast Hell.
Entity protagonists: ['Man', 'Woman']
Entity antagonists: ['Man', 'Woman', 'Love', 'Scorn']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Stella is sick, and in that sick-bed lies
Sweetness, that breathes and pants as oft as she;
And grace, sick too, such fine conclusions tries
That sickness brags itself best graced to be.
    Beauty is sick, but sick in so fair guise
That in that paleness beautys white we see;
And joy, which is inseparate from these eyes,
Stella now learns (strange case!) to weep in thee.
   Love moves thy pain, and like a faithful page,
As thy looks stir, runs up and down, to make
All folks prest at thy will thy pain to assuage;
Nature with care sweats for her darlings sake,
   Knowing worlds pass, ere she enough can find
   Of such heaven stuff, to clothe so heavenly mind.
Entity protagonists: ['Stella', 'Beauty', 'Joy', 'Love']
Entity antagonists: ['Sickness', 'Beauty', 'Joy', 'Love']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Lucks, my fair falcon, and your fellows all,
   How well pleasant it were your liberty!
Ye not forsake me that fair might ye befall.
But they that sometime liked my company:
Like lice away from dead bodies they crawl.
Lo what a proof in light adversity!
But ye my birds, I swear by all your bells,
Ye be my friends, and so be but few else.
Entity protagonists: ['Lucks', 'Falcon', 'My fair falcon', 'Your fellows', 'I', 'They (referring to those who', "Lo (referring to the speaker's"]
Entity antagonists: ['Lucks', 'Falcon', 'Others (referring to those who', 'Dead bodies (represented by lice)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Drink to me only with thine eyes,
         And I will pledge with mine;
Or leave a kiss but in the cup,
         And Ill not look for wine.
The thirst that from the soul doth rise
         Doth ask a drink divine;
But might I of Joves nectar sup,
         I would not change for thine.

I sent thee late a rosy wreath,
         Not so much honouring thee
As giving it a hope, that there
         It could not withered be.
But thou thereon didst only breathe,
         And sentst it back to me;
Since when it grows, and smells, I swear,
         Not of itself, but thee.
Entity protagonists: ['Soul', 'Speaker', 'Jesus', 'Cup', 'Wine', 'Breath', 'Honour', 'Hope', 'Roses']
Entity antagonists: ['Thirst', 'Honor', 'Hope', 'Wine', "Love (represented by the speaker's", 'Time (represented by the withering', "Fate (represented by the speaker's"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'My bands of silk and miniver
Momently grew heavier;
The black gauze was beggarly thin;
The ermine muffled mouth and chin;
I could not suck the moonlight in.

Harlequin in lozenges
Of love and hate, I walked in these
Striped and ragged rigmaroles;
Along the pavement my footsoles
Trod warily on living coals.

Shouldering the thoughts I loathed,
In their corrupt disguises clothed,
Morality I could not tear
From my ribs, to leave them bare
Ivory in silver air.

There I walked, and there I raged;
The spiritual savage caged
Within my skeleton, raged afresh
To feel, behind a carnal mesh,
The clean bones crying in the flesh.
Entity protagonists: ['Harlequin', 'The spiritual savage']
Entity antagonists: ['Silk', 'Gauze', 'Ermine', 'Moonlight', 'Harlequin', 'Hate', 'Morality', 'Ribs', 'Flesh', 'Spiritual savageThese are the words']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The lowest trees have tops, the ant her gall,
The fly her spleen, the little sparks their heat;
The slender hairs cast shadows, though but small,
And bees have stings, although they be not great;
Seas have their source, and so have shallow springs;
And love is love, in beggars as in kings.

Where rivers smoothest run, deep are the fords;
The dial stirs, yet none perceives it move;
The firmest faith is in the fewest words;
The turtles cannot sing, and yet they love:
True hearts have eyes and ears, no tongues to speak;
They hear and see, and sigh, and then they break.
Entity protagonists: ['Fly', 'Spark', 'Bee', 'Seas', 'Love', 'Rivers', 'Dial', 'Turtles', 'Hearts']
Entity antagonists: ['Fly', 'Spark', 'Bees', 'Seas', 'Rivers', 'Dial', 'Turtles', 'Hearts']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Originally published in Poetry, August 1922.
Entity protagonists: ['The poet', 'The speaker', 'August']
Entity antagonists: ['August', 'Poetry', '1922']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'A face that should content me wondrous well
Should not be fair but lovely to behold,
With gladsome cheer all grief for to expel;
With sober looks so would I that it should
Speak without words such words as none can tell;
Her tress also should be of crisped gold;
With wit; and thus might chance I might be tied,
And knit again the knot that should not slide.
Entity protagonists: ['Face', 'Gladsome cheer', 'Looks', 'Words', 'Gold', 'Wit']
Entity antagonists: ['Grief', 'Gold']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Conrad Aiken, When You Are Not Surprised from Collected Poems. Copyright  1953 by Conrad Aiken. Reprinted with the permission of Brandt & Hochman Literary Agents, Inc.
Entity protagonists: ['Conrad Aiken', 'When You Are Not Surprised']
Entity antagonists: ['Conrad Aiken', 'When', 'Not', 'SurprisedI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I spot the hills
With yellow balls in autumn.
I light the prairie cornfields
Orange and tawny gold clusters
And I am called pumpkins.
On the last of October
When dusk is fallen
Children join hands
And circle round me
Singing ghost songs
And love to the harvest moon;
I am a jack-o'-lantern
With terrible teeth
And the children know
I am fooling.
Entity protagonists: ['Hills', 'Pumpkins', 'Jack-o-lantern']
Entity antagonists: ['Hills', 'Cornfields', 'Pumpkins', 'Moon']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Praisd be Dianas fair and harmless light;
Praisd be the dews wherewith she moists the ground;
Praisd be her beams, the glory of the night;
Praisd be her power by which all powers abound.

Praisd be her nymphs with whom she decks the woods,
Praisd be her knights in whom true honour lives;
Praisd be that force by which she moves the floods;
Let that Diana shine which all these gives.

In heaven queen she is among the spheres;
In aye she mistress-like makes all things pure;
Eternity in her oft change she bears;
She beauty is; by her the fair endure.

Time wears her not: she doth his chariot guide;
Mortality below her orb is placd;
By her the virtue of the stars down slide;
In her is virtues perfect image cast.

         A knowledge pure it is her worth to know:
         With Circes let them dwell that think not so.
Entity protagonists: ['Diana', 'Nymphs', 'Knights', 'Virtue', 'Stars', 'Circe']
Entity antagonists: ['Diana', 'Mortality', 'Circes']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Elinor Wylie, Epitaph from Selected Works of Elinor Wylie, edited by Evelyn Helmick Hively. Used with the permission of The Kent State University Press, http://upress.kent.edu/books/Hively2.htm.
Entity protagonists: ['Elinor Wylie', 'Evelyn Helmick Hively']
Entity antagonists: ['Elinor Wylie', 'Epitaph']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Potuia, potuia
White grave goddess,
Pity my sadness,
O silence of Paros.

I am not of these about thy feet,
These garments and decorum;
I am thy brother,
Thy lover of aforetime crying to thee,
And thou hearest me not.

I have whispered thee in thy solitudes
Of our loves in Phrygia,
The far ecstasy of burning noons
When the fragile pipes
Ceased in the cypress shade,
And the brown fingers of the shepherd
Moved over slim shoulders;
And only the cicada sang.

I have told thee of the hills
And the lisp of reeds
And the sun upon thy breasts,

And thou hearest me not,
Potuia, potuia
Thou hearest me not.
Entity protagonists: ['Potuia', 'White grave goddess', 'Pity', 'Silence of Paros', 'I (the speaker)']
Entity antagonists: ['Potuia', 'Silence of Paros']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Michael Anania, Memorial Day from Selected Poems. Copyright  1994 by Michael Anania. Used by permission of Asphodel Press/Acorn Alliance.
Entity protagonists: ['Michael Anania', 'Memorial DayI hope this helps!']
Entity antagonists: ['Michael Anania', 'Memorial Day', 'Asphodel Press/Acorn Alliance']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Love like a jugler, comes to play his prise,
    And all minds draw his wonders to admire,
    To see how cuningly hee, wanting eyes,
    Can yett deseave the best sight of desire:

 The wanton child, how hee can faine his fire
    So pretely, as none sees his disguise!
    How finely doe his tricks, while wee fooles hire
    The badge, and office of his tirannies,

For in the end, such jugling hee doth make
    As hee our harts, in stead of eyes doth take
    For men can only by theyr slieghts abuse

The sight with nimble, and delightful skill;
    Butt if hee play, his gaine is our lost will:
    Yett childlike, wee can nott his sports refuse.
Entity protagonists: ['Love', 'Wanton child', 'He (referred to as "hee"']
Entity antagonists: ['Wanton child', "Tirannies (referring to the juggler's", "Slieveights (referring to the juggler's", 'Lost will (referring to the']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When I beeheld the Image of my deere
    With greedy lookes mine eyes would that way bend,
    Fear, and desire did inwardly contend;
    Feare to bee markd, desire to drawe still neere,

And in my soule a speritt wowld apeer,
    Which boldnes waranted, and did pretend
    To bee my genius, yett I durst nott lend
    My eyes in trust wher others seemed soe cleere,

Then did I search from whence this danger rose,
    If such unworthynes in mee did rest
    As my stervd eyes must nott with sight bee blest;
    When jealousie her poyson did disclose;

Yett in my hart unseense of jealous eye
The truer Image shall in triumph lye.
Entity protagonists: ['Self', 'Eyes', 'Genius', 'Soul', 'Heart', 'Jealousy']
Entity antagonists: ['Fear', 'Desire', 'Jealousy']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'from Dana, 1904
Entity protagonists: ['Of course! Please provide the']
Entity antagonists: ['Of course! Please provide the']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Tis true, tis day, what though it be?
O wilt thou therefore rise from me?
Why should we rise because tis light?
Did we lie down because twas night?
Love, which in spite of darkness brought us hither,
Should in despite of light keep us together.

Light hath no tongue, but is all eye;
If it could speak as well as spy,
This were the worst that it could say,
That being well I fain would stay,
And that I loved my heart and honour so,
That I would not from him, that had them, go.

Must business thee from hence remove?
Oh, thats the worst disease of love,
The poor, the foul, the false, love can
Admit, but not the busied man.
He which hath business, and makes love, doth do
Such wrong, as when a married man doth woo.
Entity protagonists: ['Speaker', 'Love', 'The poor', 'The foul', 'The false', 'The busied man']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'Light', 'Business', 'False love']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Wallace Stevens, A Rabbit as the King of Ghosts from Collected Poems. Copyright 1954 by Wallace Stevens and copyright renewed 1982 by Holly Stevens. Used by permission of Alfred A. Knopf, an imprint of the Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group, a division of Penguin Random House LLC. All rights reserved.
Entity protagonists: ['Wallace Stevens', 'Rabbit', 'King of Ghosts']
Entity antagonists: ['King of Ghosts', 'Rabbit']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Originally published in Poetry, August 1922.
Entity protagonists: ['The poet', 'The speaker', 'August']
Entity antagonists: ['August', 'Poetry', '1922']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Come darkest night, becoming sorrow best;
    Light; leave thy light; fitt for a lightsome soule;
    Darknes doth truly sure with mee oprest
    Whom absence power doth from mirthe controle:

The very trees with hanging heads condole
    Sweet sommers parting, and of leaves distrest
    In dying coulers make a griefe-full role;
    Soe much (alas) to sorrow are they prest,

Thus of dead leaves her farewell carpetts made:
    Theyr fall, theyr branches, all theyr mournings prove;
    With leavles, naked bodies, whose huese vade
    From hopefull greene, to wither in theyr love,

If trees, and leaves for absence, mourners bee
Noe mervaile that I grieve, who like want see.
Entity protagonists: ['Night', 'Light', 'Soul', 'Absence', 'Mirthe (Mirth)', 'Leaves', 'Death', 'Sorrow', 'Love', 'Hope']
Entity antagonists: ['Darkness', 'Absence', 'Sorrow', 'Death', 'Leaves', 'Grief', 'Love']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Poor soul, the centre of my sinful earth,
[......] these rebel powers that thee array,
Why dost thou pine within and suffer dearth,
Painting thy outward walls so costly gay?
Why so large cost, having so short a lease,
Dost thou upon thy fading mansion spend?
Shall worms, inheritors of this excess,
Eat up thy charge? Is this thy body's end?
Then soul, live thou upon thy servant's loss
And let that pine to aggravate thy store;
Buy terms divine in selling hours of dross;
Within be fed, without be rich no more.
So shalt thou feed on Death, that feeds on men,
And, Death once dead, there's no more dying then.
Entity protagonists: ['Soul', 'Self', 'Poor soul', 'Rebel powers', 'Thou (addressing the soul)']
Entity antagonists: ['Sin', 'Rebel powers', 'Death', 'Worms']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Shall I compare thee to a summers day?
Thou art more lovely and more temperate:
Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May,
And summers lease hath all too short a date;
Sometime too hot the eye of heaven shines,
And often is his gold complexion dimm'd;
And every fair from fair sometime declines,
By chance or natures changing course untrimm'd;
But thy eternal summer shall not fade,
Nor lose possession of that fair thou owst;
Nor shall death brag thou wanderst in his shade,
When in eternal lines to time thou growst:
   So long as men can breathe or eyes can see,
   So long lives this, and this gives life to thee.
Entity protagonists: ['Shakespeare', 'Nature', 'Summer', 'Time', 'Death']
Entity antagonists: ['Rough winds', 'Death']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Stella, since thou so right a princess art
Of all the powers which life bestows on me,
There ere by them aught undertaken be
They first resort unto that sovereign part;
Sweet, for a while give respite to my heart,
Which pants as though it still should leap to thee,
And on my thoughts give thy lieutenancy
To this great cause, which needs both use and art,
And as a queen, who from her presence sends
Whom she employs, dismiss from thee my wit,
Till it have wrought what thy own will attends.
On servants shame oft masters blame doth sit.
Oh let not fools in me thy works reprove,
And scorning say, See what it is to love.
Entity protagonists: ['Stella', 'Princess', 'Life', 'Heart', 'Thoughts', 'Cause', 'Queen', 'Wit']
Entity antagonists: ['Life', 'Heart', 'Thoughts', 'Will', 'Love', 'Fools']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'It was a lover and his lass,
   With a hey, and a ho, and a hey nonino,
That oer the green cornfield did pass,
   In springtime, the only pretty ring time,
When birds do sing, hey ding a ding, ding;
Sweet lovers love the spring.

Between the acres of the rye,
   With a hey, and a ho, and a hey nonino,
Those pretty country folks would lie,
   In springtime, the only pretty ring time,
When birds do sing, hey ding a ding, ding;
Sweet lovers love the spring.

This carol they began that hour,
   With a hey, and a ho, and a hey nonino,
How that a life was but a flower
   In springtime, the only pretty ring time,
When birds do sing, hey ding a ding, ding;
Sweet lovers love the spring.

And therefore take the present time,
   With a hey, and a ho, and a hey nonino,
For love is crowned with the prime
   In springtime, the only pretty ring time,
When birds do sing, hey ding a ding, ding;
Sweet lovers love the spring.
Entity protagonists: ['Lover', 'Lass', 'Singing birds', 'Country folks', 'Life', 'Love', 'Present time']
Entity antagonists: ['Time', 'Life', 'Love', 'Death', 'Spring (as a force that']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Little did I dream, England, that you bore me
Under the Cotswold hills beside the water meadows,
To do you dreadful service, here, beyond your borders
And your enfolding seas.
 
I was a dreamer ever, and bound to your dear service,
Meditating deep, I thought on your secret beauty,
As through a child's face one may see the clear spirit
Miraculously shining.
 
Your hills not only hills, but friends of mine and kindly,
Your tiny knolls and orchards hidden beside the river
Muddy and strongly flowing, with shy and tiny streamlets
Safe in its bosom.
 
Now these are memories only, and your skies and rushy sky-pools
Fragile mirrors easily broken by moving airs ...
But deep in my heart for ever goes on your daily being,
And uses consecrate.
 
Think on me too, O Mother, who wrest my soul to serve you
In strange and fearful ways beyond your encircling waters;
None but you can know my heart, its tears and sacrifice;
None, but you, repay.
Entity protagonists: ['England', 'Self (referred to as "I"', 'Mother (referred to as "O']
Entity antagonists: ['England', 'The waters', 'The hills', 'The skies', 'The rushy sky-pools', 'The moving airs', 'The daily being', 'The encircling watersThese are the']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Michael Anania, Afternoons from Selected Poems. Copyright  1994 by Michael Anania. Used by permission of Asphodel Press/Acorn Alliance.
Entity protagonists: ['Michael Anania', 'Afternoons']
Entity antagonists: ['Michael Anania', 'Afternoons', 'Poems', 'Selected', 'Asphodel Press', 'Acorn Alliance']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'from Coterie, 1919
Entity protagonists: ['Of course! Please provide the']
Entity antagonists: ['Of course! Please provide the']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Louise Bogan, Cassandra from The Blue Estuaries: Poems 1923-1968. Copyright  1968 by Louise Bogan. Used by permission of Farrar, Straus & Giroux, LLC, http://us.macmillan.com/fsg. All rights reserved.
Entity protagonists: ['Louise Bogan', 'Cassandra']
Entity antagonists: ['Louise Bogan', 'Cassandra']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Give me hunger,
O you gods that sit and give
The world its orders.
Give me hunger, pain and want,
Shut me out with shame and failure
From your doors of gold and fame,
Give me your shabbiest, weariest hunger!

But leave me a little love,
A voice to speak to me in the day end,
A hand to touch me in the dark room
Breaking the long loneliness.
In the dusk of day-shapes
Blurring the sunset,
One little wandering, western star
Thrust out from the changing shores of shadow.
Let me go to the window,
Watch there the day-shapes of dusk
And wait and know the coming
Of a little love.
Entity protagonists: ['Hunger', 'Pain', 'Want', 'Shame', 'Failure', 'Love']
Entity antagonists: ['Hunger', 'Pain', 'Want', 'Shame', 'Failure', 'Loneliness', 'Love (in the sense of']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Doors, from Wind Song, is copyright  1957 by Carl Sandburg, and renewed 1985 by Margaret Sandburg, Janet Sandburg, and Helga Sandburg Crile, reprinted by permission of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company.
Entity protagonists: ['Carl Sandburg', 'Margaret Sandburg', 'Janet Sandburg', 'Helga Sandburg Crile']
Entity antagonists: ['Margaret Sandburg', 'Janet Sandburg', 'Helga Sandburg Crile']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Gertrude Stein, Idem the Same: A Valentine to Sherwood Anderson from A Stein Reader. Copyright  1993 by Gertrude Stein. Reprinted by permission of David Higham: Estate of Gertrude Stein .
Entity protagonists: ['Gertrude Stein', 'Sherwood Anderson']
Entity antagonists: ['Sherwood Anderson', 'David Higham']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Alas, so all things now do hold their peace!
   Heaven and earth disturbed in no thing;
The beasts, the air, the birds their song do cease,
   The nightes car the stars about doth bring;
Calm is the sea; the waves work less and less:
   So am not I, whom love, alas! doth wring,
Bringing before my face the great increase
   Of my desires, whereat I weep and sing,
In joy and woe, as in a doubtful case.
   For my sweet thoughts sometime do pleasure bring:
But by and by, the cause of my disease
   Gives me a pang that inwardly doth sting,
When that I think what grief it is again
To live and lack the thing should rid my pain.
Entity protagonists: ['Alas', 'Love', 'I (the speaker)']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'Pain', 'Disease', 'Grief', 'Desire']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Wallace Stevens, "Of Mere Being" from The Palm at the End of the Mind: Selected Poems and a Play. Copyright  1967, 1969, 1971 by Holly Stevens.  Used by permission of Alfred A. Knopf, an imprint of the Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group, a division of Random House LLC. All rights reserved.
Entity protagonists: ['Wallace Stevens', 'The speaker (of the poem)']
Entity antagonists: ['Wallace Stevens', 'The speaker (implied)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Our vice runs beyond all that old men saw,
And far authentically above our laws,
And scorning virtues safe and golden mean,
Sits uncontrolled upon the high extreme.
Circes, thy monsters painted out the hue,
Of feigned filthiness, but ours is true.
Our vice puts down all proverbs and all themes,
Our vice excels all fables and all dreams.
Entity protagonists: ['Vice', 'Men', 'Laws', 'Mean', 'Circes', 'Monsters', 'Proverbs', 'Themes', 'Dreams']
Entity antagonists: ['Vice', 'Laws', 'Virtues', 'Mean', 'Monsters', 'Proverbs', 'Themes', 'Fables', 'Dreams']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Living, I had no might
To make you hear,
Now, in the inmost night,
I am so near
No whisper, falling light,
Divides us, dear.

Living, I had no claim
On your great hours.
Now the thin candle-flame,
The closing flowers,
Wed summer with my name, 
And these are ours.

Your shadow on the dust,
Strength, and a cry,
Delight, despair, mistrust, 
All these am I.
Dawn, and the far hills thrust
To a far sky.

Living, I had no skill
To stay your tread,
Now all that was my will
Silence has said.
We are one for good and ill
Since I am dead.
Entity protagonists: ['Living', 'I', 'You', 'Summer', 'Dawn', 'Hills', 'Silence']
Entity antagonists: ['Night', 'Silence', 'Death']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Basil Bunting, 13. Fearful Symmetry from Complete Poems, edited by Richard Caddel. Reprinted with the permission of Bloodaxe Books Ltd., www.bloodaxebooks.com.
Entity protagonists: ['Basil Bunting', 'Fearful Symmetry', 'Richard Caddel', 'Bloodaxe Books']
Entity antagonists: ['Basil Bunting', 'Fear', 'Symmetry', 'Richard Caddel', 'Bloodaxe Books Ltd.']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Cherry-lipt Adonis in his snowie shape,
    Might not compare with his pure ivorie white,
    On whose faire front a poets pen may write,
Whose roseate red excels the crimson grape,
His love-enticing delicate soft limbs,
    Are rarely framd tintrap poore gazine eies:
    His cheeks, the lillie and carnation dies,
With lovely tincture which Apollos dims.
His lips ripe strawberries in nectar wet,
    His mouth a Hive, his tongue a hony-combe,
    Where Muses (like bees) make their mansion.
His teeth pure pearle in blushing correll set.
    Oh how can such a body sinne-procuring,
    Be slow to love, and quicke to hate, enduring?
Entity protagonists: ['Cherry-lipt Adonis', 'His', 'His', 'He', 'Love-enticing delicate soft limbs', 'His cheeks', 'His lips', 'His tongue', 'His teethI hope this helps!']
Entity antagonists: ['Cherry-lipt Adonis', 'Poor gazine eyes', 'Hate', 'Sinne-procuring']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Michael Anania, Tracings from Selected Poems. Copyright  1994 by Michael Anania. Used by permission of Asphodel Press/Acorn Alliance.
Entity protagonists: ['Michael Anania', 'Tracings']
Entity antagonists: ['Michael Anania', 'Tracings', 'Selected Poems', 'Asphodel Press', 'Acorn Alliance']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I never knew the earth had so much gold
The fields run over with it, and this hill
Hoary and old,
Is young with buoyant blooms that flame and thrill.

Such golden fires, such yellowlo, how good
This spendthrift world, and what a lavish God!
This fringe of wood,
Blazing with buttercup and goldenrod.

You too, beloved, are changed. Again I see
Your face grow mystical, as on that night
You turned to me,
And all the trembling worldand youwere white.

Aye, you are touched; your singing lips grow dumb;
The fields absorb you, color you entire . . .
And you become
A goddess standing in a world of fire!
Entity protagonists: ['Earth', 'God', 'World', 'You (the speaker)']
Entity antagonists: ['Earth', 'God (referenced as "a lavish', 'World (referenced as "a spendthrift', 'Gold (referenced as "golden fires,"', 'Nature (referenced as "fields," "wood,"', 'Love (referenced as "you too,', 'Change (referenced as "you are']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The fog comes
on little cat feet.

It sits looking
over harbor and city
on silent haunches
and then moves on.
Entity protagonists: ['Fog', 'Cat', 'Harbor', 'City']
Entity antagonists: ['Fog', 'City']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The silver swan, who living had no note,
When death approached, unlocked her silent throat;
Leaning her breast against the reedy shore,
Thus sung her first and last, and sung no more:
Farewell, all joys; Oh death, come close mine eyes;
More geese than swans now live, more fools than wise.
Entity protagonists: ['The silver swan', 'Death', 'The swan']
Entity antagonists: ['Death', 'Fate']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Michael Anania, A Hanging Screen from Selected Poems. Copyright  1994 by Michael Anania. Used by permission of Asphodel Press/Acorn Alliance.
Entity protagonists: ['Michael Anania', 'A Hanging ScreenI hope this']
Entity antagonists: ['Michael Anania', 'A Hanging ScreenI hope this']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Pack, clouds away! and welcome day!
With night we banish sorrow;
Sweet air, blow soft, mount larks aloft
To give my love good-morrow!
Wings from the wind to please her mind,
Notes from the lark Ill borrow;
Bird, prune thy wing, nightingale, sing,
To give my love good-morrow;
To give my love good-morrow;
Notes from them both Ill borrow.

Wake from thy nest, Robin Redbreast,
Sing birds in every furrow;
And from each hill, let music shrill
Give my fair love good-morrow!
Blackbird and thrush in every bush,
Stare, linnet, and cock-sparrow!
You pretty elves, amongst yourselves,
Sing my fair love good-morrow;
To give my love good-morrow,
Sing birds in every furrow.
Entity protagonists: ['Night', 'Lark', 'Robin Redbreast', 'Blackbird', 'Thrush', 'Linnet', 'Cock-sparrow']
Entity antagonists: ['Night', 'Sorrow', 'Wind', 'Mind', 'Robin Redbreast', 'Blackbird', 'Thrush', 'Linnet', 'Cock-sparrow', 'Elves']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Only the wanderer
   Knows England's graces,
Or can anew see clear
   Familiar faces.

And who loves joy as he
   That dwells in shadows?
Do not forget me quite,
   O Severn meadows.
Entity protagonists: ['Wanderer', 'England', 'Familiar faces', 'Joy']
Entity antagonists: ['Shadows', 'Joy']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Methought I saw the grave where Laura lay,
Within that temple where the vestal flame
Was wont to burn; and, passing by that way,
To see that buried dust of living fame,
Whose tomb fair Love, and fairer Virtue kept:
All suddenly I saw the Fairy Queen;
At whose approach the soul of Petrarch wept,
And, from thenceforth, those Graces were not seen:
For they this queen attended; in whose stead
Oblivion laid him down on Lauras hearse:
Hereat the hardest stones were seen to bleed,
And groans of buried ghosts the heavens did pierce:
Where Homers spright did tremble all for grief,
And cursed the access of that celestial thief!
Entity protagonists: ['Laura', 'Petrarch', 'Fairy Queen', 'Homers spright (a mythical character)']
Entity antagonists: ['Fairy Queen', 'Oblivion', 'Petrarch', 'Homers spright (a ghost)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'If all the world and love were young,
And truth in every Shepherds tongue,
These pretty pleasures might me move,
To live with thee, and be thy love.

Time drives the flocks from field to fold,
When Rivers rage and Rocks grow cold,
And Philomel becometh dumb,
The rest complains of cares to come.

The flowers do fade, and wanton fields,
To wayward winter reckoning yields,
A honey tongue, a heart of gall,
Is fancys spring, but sorrows fall.

Thy gowns, thy shoes, thy beds of Roses,
Thy cap, thy kirtle, and thy posies
Soon break, soon wither, soon forgotten:
In folly ripe, in reason rotten.

Thy belt of straw and Ivy buds,
The Coral clasps and amber studs,
All these in me no means can move
To come to thee and be thy love.

But could youth last, and love still breed,
Had joys no date, nor age no need,
Then these delights my mind might move
To live with thee, and be thy love.
Entity protagonists: ['Youth', 'Love', 'Shepherd', 'Philomel (a nightingale)', 'Time', 'Winter', 'Flower', 'Folly', 'Reason', 'Beloved (addressed as "thee" and']
Entity antagonists: ['Time', 'Winter', 'Fading flowers', 'Reason', 'Folly']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Michael Anania, Motet from Selected Poems. Copyright  1994 by Michael Anania. Used by permission of Asphodel Press/Acorn Alliance.
Entity protagonists: ['Michael Anania', 'Motet']
Entity antagonists: ['Michael Anania', 'MotetI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Hugh MacDiarmid, Gairmscoile from Selected Poetry. Copyright  1992 by Alan Riach and Michael Grieve. Reprinted with the permission of New Directions Publishing Corporation.
Entity protagonists: ['Hugh MacDiarmid', 'Gairmscoile']
Entity antagonists: ['Hugh MacDiarmid', 'Gairmscoile']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'But love whilst that thou mayst be loved again,
Now whilst thy May hath filled thy lap with flowers,
Now whilst thy beauty bears without a stain,
Now use the summer smiles, ere winter lowers.
And whilst thou spreadst unto the rising sun
The fairest flower that ever saw the light,
Now joy thy time before thy sweet be done,
And, Delia, think thy morning must have night,
And that thy brightness sets at length to west,
When thou wilt close up that which now thou shewst;
And think the same becomes thy fading best
Which then shall most inveil and shadow most.
Men do not weigh the stalk for what it was,
When once they find her flower, her glory, pass.
Entity protagonists: ['Delia', 'May', 'Beauty', 'Sun', 'Morning', 'West']
Entity antagonists: ['Time', 'Beauty', 'Winter', 'Night', 'West', 'Death']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Passing through huddled and ugly walls,
By doorways where women haggard
Looked from their hunger-deep eyes,
Haunted with shadows of hunger-hands,
Out from the huddled and ugly walls,
I came sudden, at the city's edge,
On a blue burst of lake,
Long lake waves breaking under the sun
On a spray-flung curve of shore;
And a fluttering storm of gulls,
Masses of great gray wings
And flying white bellies
Veering and wheeling free in the open.
Entity protagonists: ['Woman', 'Self (referring to the speaker)', 'Hunger']
Entity antagonists: ['Women', 'Hunger', 'Shadows', 'Hands', 'City', 'Storm']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'E.E. Cummings, [love is more thicker than forget] from Complete Poems 1904-1962, edited by George J. Firmage. Copyright 1926, 1954, 1991 by the Trustees for the E.E. Cummings Trust. Copyright  1985 by George James Firmage. Reprinted with the permission of Liveright Publishing Corporation.
Entity protagonists: ['E.E. Cummings', 'Love']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'ForgetI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Ye old mule that think yourself so fair,
Leave off with craft your beauty to repair,
For it is true, without any fable,
No man setteth more by riding in your saddle.
Too much travail so do your train appair.
        Ye old mule
With false savour though you deceive th'air,
Whoso taste you shall well perceive your lair
Savoureth somewhat of a Kappurs stable.
        Ye old mule
Ye must now serve to market and to fair,
All for the burden, for panniers a pair.
For since gray hairs been powdered in your sable,
The thing ye seek for, you must yourself enable
To purchase it by payment and by prayer,
        Ye old mule.
Entity protagonists: ['Ye old mule', 'Thou', 'Whoso', 'Ye', 'You']
Entity antagonists: ['Ye old mule', "Thair (referring to the mule's", 'Kappurs stable (referring to the', 'The thing ye seek for', 'Yourself (the mule is the']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'W. B. Yeats, A Dialogue of Self and Soul from The Poems of W. B. Yeats: A New Edition, edited by Richard J. Finneran. Copyright 1933 by Macmillan Publishing Company, renewed  1961 by Georgie Yeats. Reprinted with the permission of A. P. Watt, Ltd. on behalf of Michael Yeats.
Entity protagonists: ['W. B. Yeats', 'Self', 'Soul']
Entity antagonists: ['Soul', 'Self']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I care not for these ladies,
That must be wooed and prayed:
Give me kind Amaryllis,
The wanton country maid.
Nature art disdaineth,
Her beauty is her own.
Her when we court and kiss,
She cries, Forsooth, let go!
But when we come where comfort is,
She never will say no.

If I love Amaryllis,
She gives me fruit and flowers:
But if we love these ladies,
We must give golden showers.
Give them gold, that sell love,
Give me the nut-brown lass,
Who, when we court and kiss,
She cries, Forsooth, let go!
But when we come where comfort is,
She never will say no.

These ladies must have pillows,
And beds by strangers wrought;
Give me a bower of willows,
Of moss and leaves unbought,
And fresh Amaryllis,
With milk and honey fed;
Who, when we court and kiss,
She cries, Forsooth, let go!
But when we come where comfort is,
She never will say no.
Entity protagonists: ['Amaryllis', 'The nut-brown lass']
Entity antagonists: ['Amaryllis', 'The wanton country maid', 'Nature', 'The nut-brown lass']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Desire, though thou my old companion art,
And oft so clings to my pure Love that I
One from the other scarcely can descry,
While each doth blow the fire of my heart,
Now from thy fellowship I needs must part;
Venus is taught with Dians wings to fly;
I must no more in thy sweet passions lie;
Virtues gold now must head my Cupids dart.
Service and honor, wonder with delight,
Fear to offend, will worthy to appear,
Care shining in mine eyes, faith in my sprite:
These things are let me by my only dear;
But thou, Desire, because thou wouldst have all,
Now banished art. But yet alas how shall?
Entity protagonists: ['Love', 'Desire', 'Venus', 'Dians', 'Cupid', 'Virtue', 'Honor', 'Wonder', 'Delight', 'Faith']
Entity antagonists: ['Desire', 'Love', 'Venus', 'Honor', 'Virtue', 'Fear', 'Offend', 'Worthy']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Ezra Pound, "Canto LXXXI" from The Cantos of Ezra Pound. Copyright  1993 by Ezra Pound. Reprinted by permission of New Directions Publishing Corporation.
Entity protagonists: ['Ezra Pound', 'The Cantos of Ezra Pound', 'New Directions Publishing Corporation']
Entity antagonists: ['Ezra Pound', '"Canto LXXXI"', 'The Cantos of Ezra Pound', 'New Directions Publishing Corporation']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I was only eight years old;
And before I grew up and knew what it meant
I had no words for it, except
That I was frightened and told my
Mother; And that my Father got a pistol
And would have killed Charlie, who was a big boy,
Fifteen years old, except for his Mother.
Nevertheless the story clung to me.
But the man who married me, a widower of thirty-five,
Was a newcomer and never heard it
Till two years after we were married.
Then he considered himself cheated,
And the village agreed that I was not really a virgin.
Well, he deserted me, and I died
The following winter.
Entity protagonists: ['Boy', 'Mother', 'Father', 'Charlie', 'Husband']
Entity antagonists: ['Charlie', 'The man who married the']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Though that men do call it dotage,
Who loveth not wanteth courage;

And whosoever may love get,
From Venus sure he must it fet

Or else from her which is her heir,
And she to him must seem most fair.

With eye and mind doth both agree.
There is no boot: there must it be.

The eye doth look and represent,
But mind afformeth with full consent.

Thus am I fixed without grudge:
Mine eye with heart doth me so judge.

Love maintaineth all noble courage.
Who love disdaineth is all of the village:

Such loversthough they take pain
It were pity they should obtain,

For often times where they do sue
They hinder lovers that would be true.

For whoso loveth should love but once.
Change whoso will, I will be none.
Entity protagonists: ['Love', 'Courage', 'Venus', 'Heart', 'Mind', 'Eye', 'Grudge', 'Pity', 'Lovers', 'Will']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'Venus (as a symbol of', 'The mind (as it conflicts', 'The village (as it judges', 'Pain (as it hinders lovers', 'Change (as it is seen']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Devouring Time, blunt thou the lion's paws,
And make the earth devour her own sweet brood;
Pluck the keen teeth from the fierce tiger's jaws,
And burn the long-liv'd Phoenix in her blood;
Make glad and sorry seasons as thou fleets,
And do whate'er thou wilt, swift-footed Time,
To the wide world and all her fading sweets;
But I forbid thee one more heinous crime:
O, carve not with the hours my love's fair brow,
Nor draw no lines there with thine antique pen!
Him in thy course untainted do allow
For beauty's pattern to succeeding men.
Yet do thy worst, old Time! Despite thy wrong
My love shall in my verse ever live young.
Entity protagonists: ['Time', 'Love', 'Beauty', 'Man (or "men")']
Entity antagonists: ['Time', 'Lions', 'Tigers', 'Phoenix', 'Hours', 'Pen']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Gut eats all day and lechers all the night;
So all his meat he tasteth over twice;
And, striving so to double his delight,
He makes himself a thoroughfare of vice.
Thus in his belly can he change a sin:
Lust it comes out, that gluttony went in.
Entity protagonists: ['Gut', 'Lust']
Entity antagonists: ['Gut', 'Lust', 'Gluttony']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I now think Love is rather deaf than blind,
For else it could not be
That she,
Whom I adore so much, should so slight me
And cast my love behind.
I'm sure my language to her was as sweet,
And every close did meet
In sentence of as subtle feet,
As hath the youngest He
That sits in shadow of Apollo's tree.

O, but my conscious fears,
That fly my thoughts between,
Tell me that she hath seen
My hundred of gray hairs,
Told seven and forty years
Read so much waste, as she cannot embrace
My mountain belly and my rocky face;
And all these through her eyes have stopp'd her ears.
Entity protagonists: ['Love', 'She', 'He']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'Conscious fears', 'She (referring to the woman']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Knowlt Hoheimer ran away to the war
The day before Curl Trenary
Swore out a warrant through Justice Arnett
For stealing hogs.
But that's not the reason he turned a soldier.
He caught me running with Lucius Atherton.
We quarreled and I told him never again
To cross my path.
Then he stole the hogs and went to the war
Back of every soldier is a woman.
Entity protagonists: ['Knowlt Hoheimer', 'Curl Trenary', 'Lucius Atherton']
Entity antagonists: ['Knowlt Hoheimer', 'Curl Trenary', 'Lucius Atherton']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Avising the bright beams of these fair eyes
Where he is that mine oft moisteth and washeth,
The wearied mind straight from the heart departeth
For to rest in his worldly paradise
And find the sweet bitter under this guise.
What webs he hath wrought well he perceiveth
Whereby with himself on love he plaineth
That spurreth with fire and bridleth with ice.
Thus is it in such extremity brought,
In frozen thought, now and now it standeth in flame.
Twixt misery and wealth, twixt earnest and game,
But few glad, and many diverse thought
With sore repentance of his hardiness.
Of such a root cometh fruit fruitless.
Entity protagonists: ['Avis', 'Mind', 'He', 'Love', 'Self', 'Webs', 'Fire', 'Ice', 'Misery', 'Wealth', 'Earnest', 'Game', 'Repentance']
Entity antagonists: ['Mind', 'Love', 'Wealth', 'Misery', 'Hardiness']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Fly, fly, my friends, I have my death wound, fly!
See there that boy, that murd'ring boy, I say,
Who, like a thief, hid in dark bush doth lie
Till bloody bullet get him wrongful prey.
So tyrant he no fitter place could spy,
Nor so fair level in so secret stay,
As that sweet black which veils the heav'nly eye;
There himself with his shot he close doth lay.
Poor passenger, pass now thereby I did,
And stay'd, pleas'd with the prospect of the place,
While that black hue from me the bad guest hid;
But straight I saw motions of lightning grace
And then descried the glist'ring of his dart:
But ere I could fly thence it pierc'd my heart.
Entity protagonists: ['Fly', 'Boy', 'He', 'I', 'He', 'Self']
Entity antagonists: ['Boy', 'Bullet', 'Tyrant', 'Darkness', 'Lightning', 'Dart']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'That time of year thou mayst in me behold
When yellow leaves, or none, or few, do hang
Upon those boughs which shake against the cold,
Bare ruin'd choirs, where late the sweet birds sang.
In me thou see'st the twilight of such day
As after sunset fadeth in the west,
Which by and by black night doth take away,
Death's second self, that seals up all in rest.
In me thou see'st the glowing of such fire
That on the ashes of his youth doth lie,
As the death-bed whereon it must expire,
Consum'd with that which it was nourish'd by.
This thou perceiv'st, which makes thy love more strong,
To love that well which thou must leave ere long.
Entity protagonists: ['Time', 'Youth', 'Death']
Entity antagonists: ['Cold', 'Night', 'Death']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I saw her in a Broadway car,
The woman I might grow to be;
I felt my lover look at her
And then turn suddenly to me.

Her hair was dull and drew no light
And yet its color was as mine;
Her eyes were strangely like my eyes
Tho' love had never made them shine.

Her body was a thing grown thin,
Hungry for love that never came;
Her soul was frozen in the dark
Unwarmed forever by love's flame.

I felt my lover look at her
And then turn suddenly to me, 
His eyes were magic to defy
The woman I shall never be.
Entity protagonists: ['Woman', 'I', 'Her (referring to the woman', 'Love', 'Me (referring to the speaker)']
Entity antagonists: ['Woman', 'Love', 'Soul', 'Darkness', "Self (represented by the speaker's"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'She was a village
Of lovely knowledge
The high roads left her aside, she was forlorn, a maid 
Water ran there, dusk hid her, she climbed four-wayed.
Brown-gold windows showed last folk not yet asleep;
Water ran, was a centre of silence deep,
Fathomless deeps of pricked sky, almost fathomless
Hallowed an upward gaze in pale satin of blue.
And I was happy indeed, of mind, soul, body even
Having got given
A sign undoubtful of a dear England few
Doubt, not many have seen,
That Will Squele he knew and was so shriven.
Home of Twelfth Night  Edward Thomas by Arras fallen,
Borrow and Hardy, Sussex tales out of Roman heights callen.
No madrigals or field-songs to my all reverent whim;
Till I got back I was dumb.
Entity protagonists: ['She', 'Maid', 'Will Squele', 'Edward Thomas', 'Home of Twelfth Night', 'Arras', 'Borrow', 'Hardy', 'Sussex tales', 'Roman heights']
Entity antagonists: ['High roads', 'Dusk', 'Water', 'Fathomless deeps of pricked sky', 'Doubt', 'Will Squele', 'Edward Thomas', 'Home of Twelfth Night', 'Roman heights', 'Madrigals']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'O Mistress mine where are you roaming?
O stay and hear, your true love's coming,
      That can sing both high and low.
Trip no further pretty sweeting.
Journeys end in lovers' meeting,
      Every wise man's son doth know.

What is love, 'tis not hereafter,
Present mirth, hath present laughter:
      What's to come, is still unsure.
In delay there lies no plenty,
Then come kiss me sweet and twenty:
      Youth's a stuff will not endure.
Entity protagonists: ['Mistress', 'True love', 'Sweetling', 'Lovers', 'Wise man', 'Youth']
Entity antagonists: ['Time', 'Love', 'Fate', 'Youth', 'Uncertainty']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I on my horse, and Love on me, doth try
Our horsemanships, while by strange work I prove
A horseman to my horse, a horse to Love,
And now mans wrongs in me, poor beast, descry.
The reins wherewith my rider doth me tie
Are humbled thoughts, which bit of reverence move,
Curbed in with fear, but with gilt boss above
Of hope, which makes it seem fair to the eye.
The wand is will; thou, fancy, saddle art,
Girt fast by memory; and while I spur
My horse, he spurs with sharp desire to my heart;
He sits me fast, however I do stir;
And now hath made me to his hand so right
That in the manage myself takes delight.
Entity protagonists: ['I', 'Love', 'Rider', 'Horse']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'Wrong', 'Fear', 'Memory']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'That neither fame nor love might wanting be
To greatness, Cary, I sing that and thee;
Whose house, if it no other honor had,
In only thee might be both great and glad;
Who, to upbraid the sloth of this our time,
Durst valor make almost, but not, a crime;
Which deed I know not, whether were more high,
Or thou more happy, it to justify
Against thy fortune: when no foe, that day,
Could conquer thee but chance, who did betray.
Love thy great loss, which a renown hath won,
To live when Broick not stands, nor Ruhr doth run.
Love honors, which of best example be
When they cost dearest and are done most free;
Though every fortitude deserves applause,
It may be much or little in the cause.
Hes valiantst that dares fight, and not for pay;
That virtuous is, when the rewards away.
Entity protagonists: ['Cary', 'The speaker', 'Broick', 'Ruhr', "The fortitude of the speaker's"]
Entity antagonists: ['Fortune', 'Chance', 'Broick', 'Ruhr', 'Hes (referring to the person']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Kenneth Fearing, "Aphrodite Metropolis (2)" from Collected Poems of Kenneth Fearing. Published by Random House, 1940. Reprinted by the permission of Russell & Volkening, Inc., as agents for the author. Copyright  1994 by Jubal Fearing and Phoebe Fearing.
Entity protagonists: ['Kenneth Fearing', 'Aphrodite', 'Jubal Fearing', 'Phoebe Fearing']
Entity antagonists: ['Kenneth Fearing', 'Aphrodite', 'Metropolis']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Hugh MacDiarmid, excerpt from On a Raised Beach from Selected Poetry. Copyright  1992 by Alan Riach and Michael Grieve. Reprinted with the permission of New Directions Publishing Corporation.
Entity protagonists: ['Hugh MacDiarmid', 'The speaker (implied)']
Entity antagonists: ['Hugh MacDiarmid', 'Nature']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Momus is the name men give your face,
The brag of its tone, like a long low steamboat whistle
Finding a way mid mist on a shoreland,
Where gray rocks let the salt water shatter spray Against horizons purple, silent.

Yes, Momus,
Men have flung your face in bronze
To gaze in gargoyle downward on a street-whirl of folk.
They were artists did this, shaped your sad mouth,
Gave you a tall forehead slanted with calm, broad wisdom;
All your lips to the corners and your cheeks to the high bones
Thrown over and through with a smile that forever wishes and wishes, purple, silent, fled from all the iron things of life, evaded like a sought bandit, gone into dreams, by God.

I wonder, Momus,
Whether shadows of the dead sit somewhere and look with deep laughter
On men who play in terrible earnest the old, known, solemn repetitions of history.
A droning monotone soft as sea laughter hovers from your kindliness of bronze,
You give me the human ease of a mountain peak, purple, silent;
Granite shoulders heaving above the earth curves,
Careless eye-witness of the spawning tides of men and women
Swarming always in a drift of millions to the dust of toil, the salt of tears,
And blood drops of undiminishing war.
Entity protagonists: ['Momus', 'Men', 'Artists', 'Dead', 'God']
Entity antagonists: ['Men', 'History', 'Iron things of life', 'Death', 'War']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'My Love is like to ice, and I to fire:
How comes it then that this her cold so great
Is not dissolved through my so hot desire,
But harder grows the more I her entreat?
Or how comes it that my exceeding heat
Is not allayed by her heart-frozen cold,
But that I burn much more in boiling sweat,
And feel my flames augmented manifold?
What more miraculous thing may be told,
That fire, which all things melts, should harden ice,
And ice, which is congeald with senseless cold,
Should kindle fire by wonderful device?
Such is the power of love in gentle mind,
That it can alter all the course of kind.
Entity protagonists: ['Love', 'Fire', 'Ice']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'Ice', 'Fire', 'Cold', 'Desire', 'Heart', 'Coldness', 'Flames', 'Sweat', 'Device']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Momus is the name men give your face,
The brag of its tone, like a long low steamboat whistle
Finding a way mid mist on a shoreland,
Where gray rocks let the salt water shatter spray Against horizons purple, silent.

Yes, Momus,
Men have flung your face in bronze
To gaze in gargoyle downward on a street-whirl of folk.
They were artists did this, shaped your sad mouth,
Gave you a tall forehead slanted with calm, broad wisdom;
All your lips to the corners and your cheeks to the high bones
Thrown over and through with a smile that forever wishes and wishes, purple, silent, fled from all the iron things of life, evaded like a sought bandit, gone into dreams, by God.

I wonder, Momus,
Whether shadows of the dead sit somewhere and look with deep laughter
On men who play in terrible earnest the old, known, solemn repetitions of history.
A droning monotone soft as sea laughter hovers from your kindliness of bronze,
You give me the human ease of a mountain peak, purple, silent;
Granite shoulders heaving above the earth curves,
Careless eye-witness of the spawning tides of men and women
Swarming always in a drift of millions to the dust of toil, the salt of tears,
And blood drops of undiminishing war.
Entity protagonists: ['Momus', 'Men', 'Artists', 'Dead', 'God']
Entity antagonists: ['Men', 'History', 'Iron things of life', 'Death', 'War']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I find no peace, and all my war is done.
I fear and hope. I burn and freeze like ice.
I fly above the wind, yet can I not arise;
And nought I have, and all the world I season.
That loseth nor locketh holdeth me in prison
And holdeth me notyet can I scape no wise
Nor letteth me live nor die at my device,
And yet of death it giveth me occasion.
Without eyen I see, and without tongue I plain.
I desire to perish, and yet I ask health.
I love another, and thus I hate myself.
I feed me in sorrow and laugh in all my pain;
Likewise displeaseth me both life and death,
And my delight is causer of this strife.
Entity protagonists: ['I', 'Self', 'World', 'Death', 'Life', 'Love', 'Self (again)', 'Pain', 'Delight']
Entity antagonists: ['Fear', 'Hope', 'Wind', 'Death', 'Self (in the form of', 'Pain', 'Sorrow', 'Life', 'Death (again)', 'Delight']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'from Coterie, 1919
Entity protagonists: ['Of course! Please provide the']
Entity antagonists: ['Of course! Please provide the']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'A strife is grown between Virtue and Love,
While each pretends that Stella must be his:
Her eyes, her lips, her all, saith Love, do this,
Since they do wear his badge, most firmly prove.
But Virtue thus that title doth disprove,
That Stella (O dear name) that Stella is
That virtuous soul, sure heir of heavnly bliss;
Not this fair outside, which our hearts doth move.
And therefore, though her beauty and her grace
Be Loves indeed, in Stellas self he may
By no pretense claim any manner place.
Well, Love, since this demur our suit doth stay,
Let Virtue have that Stella's self; yet thus,
Let Virtue but that body grant to us.
Entity protagonists: ['Virtue', 'Love']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'Virtue']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I feel the spring far off, far off,
    The faint, far scent of bud and leaf
Oh, how can spring take heart to come
    To a world in grief,
    Deep grief?
 
The sun turns north, the days grow long,
    Later the evening star grows bright
How can the daylight linger on
    For men to fight,
    Still fight?
 
The grass is waking in the ground,
    Soon it will rise and blow in waves
How can it have the heart to sway
    Over the graves,
    New graves?
 
Under the boughs where lovers walked
    The apple-blooms will shed their breath
But what of all the lovers now
    Parted by Death,
    Grey Death?
Entity protagonists: ['Spring', 'Grief', 'Daylight', 'Men', 'Grass', 'Lovers']
Entity antagonists: ['Grief', 'Death', 'Grey Death']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Come away, come away, death,
    And in sad cypress let me be laid.
Fly away, fly away, breath;
    I am slain by a fair cruel maid.
My shroud of white, stuck all with yew,
             O, prepare it!
My part of death, no one so true
         Did share it.

Not a flower, not a flower sweet,
    On my black coffin let there be strown.
Not a friend, not a friend greet
    My poor corpse, where my bones shall be thrown.
A thousand thousand sighs to save,
             Lay me, O, where
Sad true lover never find my grave,
             To weep there!
Entity protagonists: ['Death', 'Breath', 'Fair cruel maid', 'Poor corpse', 'Sad true lover']
Entity antagonists: ['Death', 'Fair cruel maid', 'Sad true lover']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Hugh MacDiarmid, Gairmscoile from Selected Poetry. Copyright  1992 by Alan Riach and Michael Grieve. Reprinted with the permission of New Directions Publishing Corporation.
Entity protagonists: ['Hugh MacDiarmid', 'Gairmscoile']
Entity antagonists: ['Hugh MacDiarmid', 'Gairmscoile']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Gertrude Stein, [The house was twinkling in the moon light] from Baby Precious Always Shines: Selected Love Notes Between Gertrude Stein and Alice B. Toklas (St. Martins Press, 1999). Reprinted with the permission of the Estate of Gertrude Stein.
Entity protagonists: ['Gertrude Stein', 'Alice B. Toklas']
Entity antagonists: ['Gertrude Stein', 'The house']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'A womans face with natures own hand painted
Hast thou, the master-mistress of my passion;
A womans gentle heart, but not acquainted
With shifting change as is false womens fashion;
An eye more bright than theirs, less false in rolling,
Gilding the object whereupon it gazeth;
A man in hue, all hues in his controlling,
Which steals mens eyes and womens souls amazeth.
And for a woman wert thou first created,
Till nature as she wrought thee fell a-doting,
And by addition me of thee defeated
By adding one thing to my purpose nothing.
      But since she pricked thee out for women's pleasure,
      Mine be thy love and thy loves use their treasure.
Entity protagonists: ['Woman', 'Nature', 'Man', 'Eye', 'Soul', 'Purpose', 'Love']
Entity antagonists: ['Nature', "Women (represented by the speaker's", 'False womens fashion (represented by', "Men (represented by the speaker's", "The speaker's own passion (represented"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Sigh no more, ladies, sigh no more.
    Men were deceivers ever,
One foot in sea, and one on shore,
    To one thing constant never.
Then sigh not so, but let them go,
    And be you blithe and bonny,
Converting all your sounds of woe
    Into hey nonny, nonny.

Sing no more ditties, sing no more
    Of dumps so dull and heavy.
The fraud of men was ever so
    Since summer first was leafy.
Then sigh not so, but let them go,
    And be you blithe and bonny,
Converting all your sounds of woe
    Into hey, nonny, nonny.
Entity protagonists: ['Ladies', 'Men', 'Summer']
Entity antagonists: ['Men', 'Fraud']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Leave me, O Love, which reachest but to dust;
And thou, my mind, aspire to higher things;
Grow rich in that which never taketh rust;
Whatever fades but fading pleasure brings.
Draw in thy beams and humble all thy might
To that sweet yoke where lasting freedoms be;
Which breaks the clouds and opens forth the light,
That both doth shine and give us sight to see.
O take fast hold; let that light be thy guide
In this small course which birth draws out to death,
And think how evil becometh him to slide,
Who seeketh heav'n, and comes of heav'nly breath.
Then farewell, world; thy uttermost I see:
Eternal Love, maintain thy life in me.
Entity protagonists: ['Love', 'Mind', 'Freedom', 'Light', 'Death', 'Heaven']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'Mind', 'Pleasure', 'Death', 'Evil']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'My galley, charged with forgetfulness,
Thorough sharp seas in winter nights doth pass
'Tween rock and rock; and eke mine en'my, alas,
That is my lord, steereth with cruelness;
And every owre a thought in readiness,
As though that death were light in such a case.
An endless wind doth tear the sail apace
Of forced sighs and trusty fearfulness.
A rain of tears, a cloud of dark disdain,
Hath done the weared cords great hinderance;
Wreathed with error and eke with ignorance.
The stars be hid that led me to this pain;
Drowned is Reason that should me comfort,
And I remain despairing of the port.
Entity protagonists: ['My galley', 'I', 'Lord', 'Enemy', 'Reason']
Entity antagonists: ['Enemy', 'Cruelness', 'Ignorance', 'Error', 'Forced sighs', 'Fearfulness', 'Dark disdain', 'Pain', 'Reason']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Two loves I have of comfort and despair,
Which like two spirits do suggest me still
The better angel is a man right fair,
The worser spirit a woman coloured ill.
To win me soon to hell, my female evil
Tempteth my better angel from my side,
And would corrupt my saint to be a devil,
Wooing his purity with her foul pride.
And, whether that my angel be turnd fiend,
Suspect I may, yet not directly tell,
But being both from me both to each friend,
I guess one angel in anothers hell.
   Yet this shall I neer know, but live in doubt,
   Till my bad angel fire my good one out.
Entity protagonists: ['Better angel', 'Worser spirit', 'Female evil', 'Saint', 'Devil']
Entity antagonists: ['Female evil', 'Worser spirit', 'Bad angel', 'Foul pride']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Be your words made, good sir, of Indian ware,
That you allow me them by so small rate?
Or do you cutted Spartans imitate?
Or do you mean my tender ears to spare,
That to my questions you so total are?
When I demand of Phoenix Stella's state,
You say, forsooth, you left her well of late:
O God, think you that satisfies my care?
I would know whether she did sit or walk;
How cloth'd, how waited on; sigh'd she, or smil'd;
Whereof, with whom, how often did she talk;
With what pastime time's journey she beguiled;
If her lips deign'd to sweeten my poor name.
Say all; and all well said, still say the same.
Entity protagonists: ['Phoenix Stellas', 'The speaker (addressed as "you")']
Entity antagonists: ['Cutted Spartans', 'Phoenix Stellas', 'God']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'E.E. Cummings, [as freedom is a breakfastfood] from Complete Poems 1904-1962, edited by George J. Firmage. Copyright 1926, 1954, 1991 by the Trustees for the E.E. Cummings Trust. Copyright  1985 by George James Firmage. Reprinted with the permission of Liveright Publishing Corporation.
Entity protagonists: ['E.E. Cummings', 'Freedom', 'George J. Firmage', 'Trustees for the E.E. Cummings', 'George James Firmage']
Entity antagonists: ['Freedom', 'Breakfast food']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Now in the West the slender moon lies low,
And now Orion glimmers through the trees,
Clearing the earth with even pace and slow,
And now the stately-moving Pleiades,
In that soft infinite darkness overhead
Hang jewel-wise upon a silver thread.

And all the lonelier stars that have their place,
Calm lamps within the distant southern sky,
And planet-dust upon the edge of space,
Look down upon the fretful world, and I
Look up to outer vastness unafraid
And see the stars which sang when earth was made.
Entity protagonists: ['Earth', 'Orion', 'Pleiades', 'Stars']
Entity antagonists: ['Moon', 'Trees', 'Pleiades', 'Southern sky', 'Planet-dust']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Take, oh take those lips away,
      That so sweetly were forsworn,
And those eyes: the breake of day,
      Lights that do mislead the Morn;
But my kisses bring again, bring again,
Seals of love, but sealed in vain, sealed in vain.
Entity protagonists: ['Take', 'Lips', 'Eyes', 'Kisses']
Entity antagonists: ['Lips', 'Eyes', 'Morning']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Your words my friend (right healthful caustics) blame
My young mind marred, whom Love doth windlass so,
That mine own writings like bad servants show
My wits, quick in vain thoughts, in virtue lame,
That Plato I read for nought, but if he tame
Such coltish gyres, that to my birth I owe
Nobler desires, least else that friendly foe,
Great expectation, wear a train of shame.
For since mad March great promise made of me,
If now the May of my years much decline,
What can be hoped my harvest time will be?
Sure you say well, your wisdoms golden mine
Dig deep with learnings spade, now tell me this,
Hath this world ought so fair as Stella is?
Entity protagonists: ['Young mind', 'Love', 'Self (referred to as "I")', 'Plato', 'Mad March', 'May (of years)', 'Stella']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'Mad March', 'May of my years', 'Shame', 'Stella']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Loving in truth, and fain in verse my love to show,
That she, dear she, might take some pleasure of my pain,
Pleasure might cause her read, reading might make her know,
Knowledge might pity win, and pity grace obtain,
I sought fit words to paint the blackest face of woe,
Studying inventions fine, her wits to entertain,
Oft turning others leaves, to see if thence would flow
Some fresh and fruitful showers upon my sunburned brain.
But words came halting forth, wanting Inventions stay:
Invention, Natures child, fled step-dame Studys blows,
And others feet still seemed but strangers in my way.
Thus great with child to speak, and helpless in my throes,
Biting my truant pen, beating myself for spite:
Fool, said my Muse to me, look in thy heart and write.
Entity protagonists: ['Speaker', 'Muse']
Entity antagonists: ['Muse', 'Inventions', 'Study', 'Words', 'Brain', 'Pen', "Self (represented by the speaker's"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'See, the grass is full of stars,
Fallen in their brightness;
Hearts they have of shining gold,
Rays of shining whiteness.

Buttercups have honeyed hearts,
Bees they love the clover,
But I love the daisies' dance
All the meadow over.

Blow, O blow, you happy winds,
Singing summer's praises,
Up the field and down the field
A-dancing with the daisies.
Entity protagonists: ['He', 'Buttercups', 'Bees', 'Daisies', 'Wind']
Entity antagonists: ['Grass', 'Gold', 'Brightness', 'Hearts', 'Shining', 'Wind', 'Happy', 'Praises', 'Field', 'Dance']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I never knew the earth had so much gold
The fields run over with it, and this hill
Hoary and old,
Is young with buoyant blooms that flame and thrill.

Such golden fires, such yellowlo, how good
This spendthrift world, and what a lavish God!
This fringe of wood,
Blazing with buttercup and goldenrod.

You too, beloved, are changed. Again I see
Your face grow mystical, as on that night
You turned to me,
And all the trembling worldand youwere white.

Aye, you are touched; your singing lips grow dumb;
The fields absorb you, color you entire . . .
And you become
A goddess standing in a world of fire!
Entity protagonists: ['Earth', 'God', 'World', 'You (the speaker)']
Entity antagonists: ['Earth', 'God (referenced as "a lavish', 'World (referenced as "a spendthrift', 'Gold (referenced as "golden fires,"', 'Nature (referenced as "fields," "wood,"', 'Love (referenced as "you too,', 'Change (referenced as "you are']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Cherry-lipt Adonis in his snowie shape,
    Might not compare with his pure ivorie white,
    On whose faire front a poets pen may write,
Whose roseate red excels the crimson grape,
His love-enticing delicate soft limbs,
    Are rarely framd tintrap poore gazine eies:
    His cheeks, the lillie and carnation dies,
With lovely tincture which Apollos dims.
His lips ripe strawberries in nectar wet,
    His mouth a Hive, his tongue a hony-combe,
    Where Muses (like bees) make their mansion.
His teeth pure pearle in blushing correll set.
    Oh how can such a body sinne-procuring,
    Be slow to love, and quicke to hate, enduring?
Entity protagonists: ['Cherry-lipt Adonis', 'His', 'His', 'He', 'Love-enticing delicate soft limbs', 'His cheeks', 'His lips', 'His tongue', 'His teethI hope this helps!']
Entity antagonists: ['Cherry-lipt Adonis', 'Poor gazine eyes', 'Hate', 'Sinne-procuring']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Praisd be Dianas fair and harmless light;
Praisd be the dews wherewith she moists the ground;
Praisd be her beams, the glory of the night;
Praisd be her power by which all powers abound.

Praisd be her nymphs with whom she decks the woods,
Praisd be her knights in whom true honour lives;
Praisd be that force by which she moves the floods;
Let that Diana shine which all these gives.

In heaven queen she is among the spheres;
In aye she mistress-like makes all things pure;
Eternity in her oft change she bears;
She beauty is; by her the fair endure.

Time wears her not: she doth his chariot guide;
Mortality below her orb is placd;
By her the virtue of the stars down slide;
In her is virtues perfect image cast.

         A knowledge pure it is her worth to know:
         With Circes let them dwell that think not so.
Entity protagonists: ['Diana', 'Nymphs', 'Knights', 'Virtue', 'Stars', 'Circe']
Entity antagonists: ['Diana', 'Mortality', 'Circes']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Basil Bunting, 30. The Orotava Road from Complete Poems, edited by Richard Caddel. Reprinted with the permission of Bloodaxe Books Ltd., www.bloodaxebooks.com.
Entity protagonists: ['Basil Bunting', 'The Orotava RoadI hope this']
Entity antagonists: ['Basil Bunting', 'The Orotava Road', 'Richard Caddel', 'Bloodaxe Books Ltd.']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Louise Bogan, Statue and Birds from The Blue Estuaries: Poems 1923-1968. Copyright  1968 by Louise Bogan. Used by permission of Farrar, Straus & Giroux, LLC, http://us.macmillan.com/fsg. All rights reserved.
Entity protagonists: ['Louise Bogan', 'Statue', 'Birds']
Entity antagonists: ['Louise Bogan', 'Statue', 'Birds']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Suddenly discovering in the eyes of the very beautiful
                            Normande cocotte
The eyes of the very learned British Museum assistant.
Entity protagonists: ['Suddenly discovering', 'Normande cocotte', 'British Museum assistant']
Entity antagonists: ['Normande cocotte', 'British Museum assistant']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Conrad Aiken, Summer from Collected Poems. Copyright  1953 by Conrad Aiken. Reprinted with the permission of Brandt & Hochman Literary Agents, Inc.
Entity protagonists: ['Conrad Aiken', 'Summer']
Entity antagonists: ['Conrad Aiken', 'Summer']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Come when the nights are bright with stars
Or come when the moon is mellow;
Come when the sun his golden bars
Drops on the hay-field yellow.
Come in the twilight soft and gray,
Come in the night or come in the day,
Come, O love, wheneer you may,
And you are welcome, welcome.

You are sweet, O Love, dear Love,
You are soft as the nesting dove.
Come to my heart and bring it to rest
As the bird flies home to its welcome nest.

Come when my heart is full of grief
Or when my heart is merry;
Come with the falling of the leaf
Or with the reddning cherry.
Come when the years first blossom blows,
Come when the summer gleams and glows,
Come with the winters drifting snows,
And you are welcome, welcome.
Entity protagonists: ['Night', 'Moon', 'Sun', 'Love', 'Heart', 'Bird', 'Grief', 'Leaf', 'Cherry', 'Summer', 'Winter']
Entity antagonists: ['Night', 'Moon', 'Sun', 'Hay-field', 'Grief', 'Leaf', 'Cherry', 'Years', 'WinterThese are the entities that']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The sovereign beauty which I do admire,
Witness the world how worthy to be praised:
The light whereof hath kindled heavenly fire
In my frail spirit, by her from baseness raised;
That being now with her huge brightness dazed,
Base thing I can no more endure to view;
But looking still on her, I stand amazed
At wondrous sight of so celestial hue.
So when my tongue would speak her praises due,
It stopped is with thought's astonishment:
And when my pen would write her titles true,
It ravish'd is with fancy's wonderment:
Yet in my heart I then both speak and write
The wonder that my wit cannot endite.
Entity protagonists: ['Beauty', 'Fire', 'Light', 'Spirit', 'Baseness', 'Huge brightness', 'Celestial hue', 'Wit', 'Pen', 'Wonder']
Entity antagonists: ['Baseness', 'Darkness', 'Dazzled', 'Wonder', 'Fancys']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Archibald MacLeish, Way-Station from Collected Poems 1917-1982. Copyright  1985 by The Estate of Archibald MacLeish. Reprinted with the permission of Houghton Mifflin Company. All rights reserved.
Entity protagonists: ['Archibald MacLeish', 'Way-Station']
Entity antagonists: ['Archibald MacLeish', 'Way-Station']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Potuia, potuia
White grave goddess,
Pity my sadness,
O silence of Paros.

I am not of these about thy feet,
These garments and decorum;
I am thy brother,
Thy lover of aforetime crying to thee,
And thou hearest me not.

I have whispered thee in thy solitudes
Of our loves in Phrygia,
The far ecstasy of burning noons
When the fragile pipes
Ceased in the cypress shade,
And the brown fingers of the shepherd
Moved over slim shoulders;
And only the cicada sang.

I have told thee of the hills
And the lisp of reeds
And the sun upon thy breasts,

And thou hearest me not,
Potuia, potuia
Thou hearest me not.
Entity protagonists: ['Potuia', 'The white grave goddess', 'The speaker (addressed as "thou"']
Entity antagonists: ['Potuia', 'Silence of Paros']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'O sweet everlasting Voices, be still;
Go to the guards of the heavenly fold
And bid them wander obeying your will,
Flame under flame, till Time be no more;
Have you not heard that our hearts are old,
That you call in birds, in wind on the hill,
In shaken boughs, in tide on the shore?
O sweet everlasting Voices, be still.
Entity protagonists: ['Voices', 'Heart', 'Guards', 'Time']
Entity antagonists: ['Voices', 'Time']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Slow, slow, fresh fount, keep time with my salt tears;
Yet slower, yet, O faintly, gentle springs!
List to the heavy part the music bears,
Woe weeps out her division, when she sings.
Droop herbs and flowers;
Fall grief in showers;
Our beauties are not ours.
O, I could still,
Like melting snow upon some craggy hill,
Drop, drop, drop, drop,
Since natures pride is now a withered daffodil.
Entity protagonists: ['Slow', 'Fresh fount', 'Gentle springs', 'Music', 'Woe', 'Grief', 'Beauties', 'O (as in "O, I', 'Nature', 'Daffodil']
Entity antagonists: ['Time', 'Grief', 'Nature', 'Beauty (represented by the withered']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The moon has left the sky, love,
The stars are hiding now,
And frowning on the world, love,
Night bares her sable brow.

The snow is on the ground, love,
And cold and keen the air is.
Im singing here to you, love;
Youre dreaming there in Paris.

But this is Natures law, love,
Though just it may not seem,
That men should wake to sing, love;
While maidens sleep and dream.

Them care may not molest, love,
Nor stir them from their slumbers,
Though midnight find the swain, love.
Still halting oer his numbers.

I watch the rosy dawn, love,
Come stealing up the east,
While all things round rejoice, love,
That Night her reign has ceased.

The lark will soon be heard, love,
And on his way be winging;
When Natures poets, wake, love,
Why should a man be singing?
Entity protagonists: ['Moon', 'Stars', 'Night', 'Man (represented by the speaker)', 'Maiden (represented by the sleeping']
Entity antagonists: ['Night', 'Cold', 'Sleep', 'Slumber', 'Midnight', 'Reign', 'Natures poets (referring to the']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Ezra Pound, "Canto III" from The Cantos of Ezra Pound. Copyright  1993 by Ezra Pound. Reprinted by permission of New Directions Publishing Corporation.
Entity protagonists: ['Ezra Pound', 'The Cantos of Ezra Pound', 'New Directions Publishing Corporation']
Entity antagonists: ['Ezra Pound', '"Canto III"', 'The Cantos of Ezra Pound', 'New Directions Publishing Corporation']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'What, have I thus betrayed my liberty?
Can those black beams such burning marks engrave
In my free side? or am I born a slave,
Whose neck becomes such yoke of tyranny?
Or want I sense to feel my misery?
Or sprite, disdain of such disdain to have?
Who for long faith, though daily help I crave,
May get no alms but scorn of beggary.
Virtue, awake! Beauty but beauty is;
I may, I must, I can, I will, I do
Leave following that which it is gain to miss.
Let her go. Soft, but here she comes. Go to,
Unkind, I love you not! O me, that eye
Doth make my heart give to my tongue the lie!
Entity protagonists: ['Speaker', 'Virtue', 'Beauty', 'Love']
Entity antagonists: ['Tyranny', 'Slave', 'Misery', 'Disdain', 'Beggary', 'Virtue', 'Beauty (in the sense of', 'Unkindness']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'No more be grieved at that which thou hast done:
Roses have thorns, and silver fountains mud,
Clouds and eclipses stain both moon and sun,
And loathsome canker lives in sweetest bud.
All men make faults, and even I in this,
Authorizing thy trespass with compare,
Myself corrupting salving thy amiss,
Excusing thy sins more than thy sins are:
For to thy sensual fault I bring in sense
Thy adverse party is thy advocate
And gainst myself a lawful plea commence.
Such civil war is in my love and hate,
   That I an accessory needs must be
   To that sweet thief which sourly robs from me.
Entity protagonists: ['Self', 'Love', 'Hate', 'Thyself', 'Advocate', 'Sins', 'Faults', 'Bud', 'Moon', 'Sun']
Entity antagonists: ['Thyself', 'Love', 'Hate', 'The "sourly robs" thief (not']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Men call you fair, and you do credit it,
For that your self ye daily such do see:
But the true fair, that is the gentle wit,
And vertuous mind, is much more prais'd of me.
For all the rest, how ever fair it be,
Shall turn to naught and lose that glorious hue:
But only that is permanent and free
From frail corruption, that doth flesh ensue.
That is true beauty: that doth argue you
To be divine, and born of heavenly seed:
Deriv'd from that fair Spirit, from whom all true
And perfect beauty did at first proceed.
He only fair, and what he fair hath made,
All other fair, like flowers untimely fade.
Entity protagonists: ['Men', 'The gentle wit', 'The virtuous mind', 'The fair Spirit']
Entity antagonists: ['Men', 'Frail corruption', 'Flesh']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Ezra Pound, "Canto I" from The Cantos of Ezra Pound. Copyright  1993 by Ezra Pound. Reprinted by permission of New Directions Publishing Corporation.
Entity protagonists: ['Ezra Pound', 'The Cantos']
Entity antagonists: ['Ezra Pound', '"Canto I"', 'The Cantos of Ezra Pound', 'New Directions Publishing Corporation']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Why is my verse so barren of new pride,
So far from variation or quick change?
Why with the time do I not glance aside
To new-found methods, and to compounds strange?
Why write I still all one, ever the same,
And keep invention in a noted weed,
That every word doth almost tell my name,
Showing their birth, and where they did proceed?
O know, sweet love, I always write of you,
And you and love are still my argument,
So all my best is dressing old words new,
Spending again what is already spent:
   For as the sun is daily new and old,
   So is my love still telling what is told.
Entity protagonists: ['Love', 'Self (referred to as "I")']
Entity antagonists: ['Time', 'Invention', 'Love']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I shall foot it
Down the roadway in the dusk,
Where shapes of hunger wander
And the fugitives of pain go by.

I shall foot it
In the silence of the morning,
See the night slur into dawn,
Hear the slow great winds arise
Where tall trees flank the way
And shoulder toward the sky.

The broken boulders by the road
Shall not commemorate my ruin.
Regret shall be the gravel under foot.
I shall watch for
Slim birds swift of wing
That go where wind and ranks of thunder
Drive the wild processionals of rain.

The dust of the travelled road
Shall touch my hands and face.
Entity protagonists: ['I', 'Hunger', 'Pain', 'Morning', 'Wind', 'Thunder', 'Rain', 'Traveler (implied)']
Entity antagonists: ['Hunger', 'Pain', 'Regret', 'Thunder', 'Rain']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'No more, my dear, no more these counsels try;
Oh, give my passions leave to run their race;
Let Fortune lay on me her worst disgrace;
Let folk o'ercharg'd with brain against me cry;
Let clouds bedim my face, break in mine eye;
Let me no steps but of lost labour trace;
Let all the earth with scorn recount my case,
But do not will me from my love to fly.
I do not envy Aristotle's wit,
Nor do aspire to Caesar's bleeding fame;
Nor aught do care though some above me sit;
Nor hope nor wish another course to frame,
But that which once may win thy cruel heart:
Thou art my wit, and thou my virtue art.
Entity protagonists: ['Speaker', 'Love', 'Fortune', 'Brain', 'Earth', 'Heart']
Entity antagonists: ['Fortune', 'Brain (represented by "folk oerchargd', 'Love (represented by "do not', 'Heart (represented by "thou art']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Louis Untermeyer, Infidelity from The New Poetry: An Anthology of Twentieth Century Verse in English, ed. Harriet Monroe (New York: Macmillan, 1936). Permission is granted by arrangement with the Estate of Louis Untermeyer, Norma Anchin Untermeyer c/o Professional Publishing Services. The reprint is granted with the expressed permission by Laurence S. Untermeyer.
Entity protagonists: ['Louis Untermeyer', 'Norma Anchin Untermeyer', 'Laurence S. Untermeyer']
Entity antagonists: ['Louis Untermeyer', 'Infidelity']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'O come, soft rest of cares! come, Night!
       Come, naked Virtues only tire,
The reaped harvest of the light
    Bound up in sheaves of sacred fire,
       Love calls to war:
             Sighs his alarms,
       Lips his swords are,
             The fields his arms.

Come, Night, and lay thy velvet hand
    On glorious Days outfacing face;
And all thy crowned flames command
    For torches to our nuptial grace.
       Love calls to war:
             Sighs his alarms,
       Lips his swords are,
             The field his arms.
Entity protagonists: ['Love', 'Night', 'Virtues']
Entity antagonists: ['Night', 'Love (as an antagonist to', 'War (as an antagonist to']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Michael Anania, Of the River Itself from Selected Poems. Copyright  1994 by Michael Anania. Used by permission of Asphodel Press/Acorn Alliance.
Entity protagonists: ['Michael Anania', 'River', 'Self']
Entity antagonists: ['River', 'ItselfI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Stephen Spender, The Truly Great from Collected Poems 1928-1953. Copyright  1955 by Stephen Spender. Reprinted by permission of Ed Victor Ltd.
Entity protagonists: ['Stephen Spender', 'The Truly Great']
Entity antagonists: ['Stephen Spender', 'The Truly Great']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Sweet shades why doe you seeke to give delight
    To mee who deeme delight in this vilde place
    Butt torment, sorrow, and mine owne disgrace
    To taste of joy, or your vaine pleasing sight;

Show them your pleasures who saw never night
    Of greife, wher joyings fauning, smiling face
    Appeers as day, wher griefe found never space
    Yett for a sigh, a grone, or envies spite;

Butt O on mee a world of woes doe ly,
    Or els on mee all harmes strive to rely,
    And to attend like servants bound to mee,

Heat in desire, while frosts of care I prove,
    Wanting my love, yett surfett doe with love
    Burne, and yett freeze, better in hell to bee.
Entity protagonists: ['Sweet', 'Me', 'You', 'Delight', 'Joy', 'Sorrow', 'Disgrace', 'Grief', 'Night', 'Grief', 'Envy', 'World', 'Harm', 'Love', 'Care', 'Frost', 'Want', 'Surfeit', 'Hell']
Entity antagonists: ['Sorrow', 'Disgrace', 'Grief', 'Envy', 'Care', 'Want', 'Love (in the sense of', 'Hell']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Alas, madam, for stealing of a kiss
Have I so much your mind there offended?
Have I then done so grievously amiss
That by no means it may be amended?

Then revenge you, and the next way is this:
Another kiss shall have my life ended,
For to my mouth the first my heart did suck;
The next shall clean out of my breast it pluck.
Entity protagonists: ['Alas', 'Madam', 'Heart', 'Mind', 'Breast']
Entity antagonists: ['Heart', 'Mind', 'Mouth', 'Breast']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'New yeare forth looking out of Janus gate,
Doth seeme to promise hope of new delight:
And bidding thold Adieu, his pass
Entity protagonists: ['New year', 'Janus', 'Adieu']
Entity antagonists: ['Janus', 'Adieu']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When I have seen by Time's fell hand defac'd
The rich proud cost of outworn buried age;
When sometime lofty towers I see down-ras'd
And brass eternal slave to mortal rage;
When I have seen the hungry ocean gain
Advantage on the kingdom of the shore,
And the firm soil win of the wat'ry main,
Increasing store with loss and loss with store;
When I have seen such interchange of state,
Or state itself confounded to decay;
Ruin hath taught me thus to ruminate,
That Time will come and take my love away.
This thought is as a death, which cannot choose
But weep to have that which it fears to lose.
Entity protagonists: ['Time', 'The speaker (personification of Time)']
Entity antagonists: ['Time', 'Ocean', 'Decay', 'Loss', 'Mortal rage']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'My love is as a fever, longing still
For that which longer nurseth the disease,
Feeding on that which doth preserve the ill,
Th uncertain sickly appetite to please.
My reason, the physician to my love,
Angry that his prescriptions are not kept,
Hath left me, and I desperate now approve
Desire is death, which physic did except.
Past cure I am, now reason is past care,
And frantic-mad with evermore unrest;
My thoughts and my discourse as madmens are,
At random from the truth vainly expressed:
    For I have sworn thee fair, and thought thee bright,
    Who art as black as hell, as dark as night.
Entity protagonists: ['Love', 'Reason', 'Desire', 'Madness']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'Reason', 'Desire', 'Madness']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Being your slave, what should I do but tend
Upon the hours and times of your desire?
I have no precious time at all to spend,
Nor services to do, till you require.
Nor dare I chide the world-without-end hour
Whilst I, my sovereign, watch the clock for you.
Nor think the bitterness of absence sour
When you have bid your servant once adieu;
Nor dare I question with my jealous thought
Where you may be, or your affairs suppose,
But like a sad slave, stay and think of nought,
Save, where you are how happy you make those.
So true a fool is love that in your will
Though you do anything, he thinks no ill.
Entity protagonists: ['You', 'Slave', 'World-without-end hour', 'I (personification of the speaker']
Entity antagonists: ['World-without-end hour', 'Jealous thought', 'Bitterness of absence', 'Sad slave']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'[i carry your heart with me(i carry it in] Copyright 1952,  1980, 1991 by the Trustees for the E. E. Cummings Trust, from Complete Poems: 1904-1962 by E. E. Cummings, edited by George J. Firmage. Used by permission of Liveright Publishing Corporation.
Entity protagonists: ['E. E. Cummings', 'The speaker (referenced as "I"']
Entity antagonists: ['E. E. Cummings', 'Trustees', 'George J. Firmage']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Although you hide in the ebb and flow
Of the pale tide when the moon has set,
The people of coming days will know
About the casting out of my net,
And how you have leaped times out of mind
Over the little silver cords,
And think that you were hard and unkind,
And blame you with many bitter words.
Entity protagonists: ['Moon', 'Me (referring to the speaker)']
Entity antagonists: ['Moon', 'People', 'Net', 'Words']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Whoever hath her wish, thou hast thy Will,
And Will to boot, and Will in overplus;
More than enough am I that vex thee still,
To thy sweet will making addition thus.
Wilt thou, whose will is large and spacious,
Not once vouchsafe to hide my will in thine?
Shall will in others seem right gracious,
And in my will no fair acceptance shine?
The sea, all water, yet receives rain still,
And in abundance addeth to his store;
So thou being rich in Will add to thy Will
One will of mine, to make thy large Will more.
   Let no unkind, no fair beseechers kill;
   Think all but one, and me in that one Will.
Entity protagonists: ['Will', 'Self', 'I', 'Thou', 'Sea']
Entity antagonists: ['Will', 'Wish', 'Vex', 'Fair beseechers', 'Unkind']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'So in Pieria, from the wedded bliss
Of Time and Memory, the Muses came
To be the means of rich oblivion,
And rest from cares.  And when the Thunderer
Took heaven, then the Titans warred on him
For pity of mankind. But the great law,
Which is the law of music, not of bread,
Set Atlas for a pillar, manacled
His brother to the rocks of the Scythia,
And under Aetna fixed the furious Typhon.
So should thought rule, not force. And Amphion,
Pursuing justice, entered Thebes and slew
His mother's spouse; but when he would make sure
And fortify the city, then he took
The lyre that Hermes gave, and played, and watched
The stones move and assemble, till a wall
Engirded Thebes and kept the citadel
Beyond the reach of arrows and of fire.
What other power but harmony can build
A city, and what gift so magical
As that by which a city lifts its walls?
So men, in years to come, shall feel the power
Of this man moving through the high-ranged thought
Which plans for beauty, builds for larger life.
The stones shall rise in towers to answer him.
Entity protagonists: ['Time', 'Memory', 'Muses', 'Atlas', 'Typhon', 'Amphion', 'Hermes']
Entity antagonists: ['Typhon', 'Atlas', 'The Titans', 'The Thunderer (Zeus)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Kenneth Slessor, Winter Dawn from Selected Poems, published by HarperCollins Publishers Australia. Used by permission.
Entity protagonists: ['Kenneth Slessor', 'Winter DawnI hope this helps!']
Entity antagonists: ['Kenneth Slessor', 'Winter Dawn']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When I consider everything that grows
Holds in perfection but a little moment,
That this huge stage presenteth nought but shows
Whereon the stars in secret influence comment;
When I perceive that men as plants increase,
Cheered and check'd even by the selfsame sky,
Vaunt in their youthful sap, at height decrease,
And wear their brave state out of memory;
Then the conceit of this inconstant stay
Sets you most rich in youth before my sight,
Where wasteful Time debateth with Decay
To change your day of youth to sullied night;
And all in war with Time for love of you,
As he takes from you, I engraft you new.
Entity protagonists: ['Man', 'Time', 'Youth']
Entity antagonists: ['Time', 'Decay', 'Selfsame sky', 'Memory']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Shall I compare thee to a summers day?
Thou art more lovely and more temperate:
Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May,
And summers lease hath all too short a date;
Sometime too hot the eye of heaven shines,
And often is his gold complexion dimm'd;
And every fair from fair sometime declines,
By chance or natures changing course untrimm'd;
But thy eternal summer shall not fade,
Nor lose possession of that fair thou owst;
Nor shall death brag thou wanderst in his shade,
When in eternal lines to time thou growst:
   So long as men can breathe or eyes can see,
   So long lives this, and this gives life to thee.
Entity protagonists: ['Shakespeare', 'Nature', 'Summer', 'Time', 'Death']
Entity antagonists: ['Rough winds', 'Death']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'There was a man whom Sorrow named his friend,
And he, of his high comrade Sorrow dreaming,
Went walking with slow steps along the gleaming
And humming sands, where windy surges wend:
And he called loudly to the stars to bend
From their pale thrones and comfort him, but they
Among themselves laugh on and sing alway:
And then the man whom Sorrow named his friend
Cried out, Dim sea, hear my most piteous story!
The sea swept on and cried her old cry still,
Rolling along in dreams from hill to hill.
He fled the persecution of her glory
And, in a far-off, gentle valley stopping,
Cried all his story to the dewdrops glistening.
But naught they heard, for they are always listening,
The dewdrops, for the sound of their own dropping.
And then the man whom Sorrow named his friend
Sought once again the shore, and found a shell,
And thought, I will my heavy story tell
Till my own words, re-echoing, shall send
Their sadness through a hollow, pearly heart;
And my own tale again for me shall sing,
And my own whispering words be comforting,
And lo! my ancient burden may depart.
Then he sang softly nigh the pearly rim;
But the sad dweller by the sea-ways lone
Changed all he sang to inarticulate moan
Among her wildering whirls, forgetting him.
Entity protagonists: ['Man', 'Sorrow', 'Sea', 'Man (mentioned in the phrase']
Entity antagonists: ['Sorrow', 'The sea', 'The dewdrops', 'The sad dweller by the']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'In faith, I do not love thee with mine eyes,
For they in thee a thousand errors note;
But tis my heart that loves what they despise,
Who, in despite of view, is pleased to dote;
Nor are mine ears with thy tongues tune delighted,
Nor tender feeling, to base touches prone,
Nor taste, nor smell, desire to be invited
To any sensual feast with thee alone:
But my five wits nor my five senses can
Dissuade one foolish heart from serving thee,
Who leaves unswayed the likeness of a man,
Thy proud hearts slave and vassal wretch to be.
   Only my plague thus far I count my gain,
   That she that makes me sin awards me pain.
Entity protagonists: ['Love', 'Heart', 'Eyes', 'Tongues', 'Feeling', 'Senses', 'Man', 'Pride', 'Wits', 'Soul']
Entity antagonists: ['Eyes', 'Tongues', 'Senses', 'Heart', 'Mind', 'Feeling', 'Taste', 'Smell', 'Pride', "Man (referring to the speaker's"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Archibald MacLeish, The Rock in the Sea from Collected Poems 1917-1982. Copyright  1985 by The Estate of Archibald MacLeish. Reprinted with the permission of Houghton Mifflin Company. All rights reserved.
Entity protagonists: ['Archibald MacLeish', 'The Rock']
Entity antagonists: ['Archibald MacLeish', 'The Rock in the Sea']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Misus and Mopsa hardly could agree,
Striving about superiority.
The text which says that man and wife are one,
Was the chief argument they stood upon. 
She held they both one woman should become,
He held both should be man, and both but one.
     So they contended daily, but the strife
     Could not be ended, till both were one wife.
Entity protagonists: ['Misus', 'Mopsa']
Entity antagonists: ['Misus', 'Mopsa']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The moon has left the sky, love,
The stars are hiding now,
And frowning on the world, love,
Night bares her sable brow.

The snow is on the ground, love,
And cold and keen the air is.
Im singing here to you, love;
Youre dreaming there in Paris.

But this is Natures law, love,
Though just it may not seem,
That men should wake to sing, love;
While maidens sleep and dream.

Them care may not molest, love,
Nor stir them from their slumbers,
Though midnight find the swain, love.
Still halting oer his numbers.

I watch the rosy dawn, love,
Come stealing up the east,
While all things round rejoice, love,
That Night her reign has ceased.

The lark will soon be heard, love,
And on his way be winging;
When Natures poets, wake, love,
Why should a man be singing?
Entity protagonists: ['Moon', 'Stars', 'Night', 'Man (represented by the speaker)', 'Maiden (represented by the sleeping']
Entity antagonists: ['Night', 'Cold', 'Sleep', 'Slumber', 'Midnight', 'Reign', 'Natures poets (referring to the']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Strephon kissed me in the spring,
Robin in the fall,
But Colin only looked at me
And never kissed at all.

Strephon's kiss was lost in jest,
Robin's lost in play,
But the kiss in Colin's eyes
Haunts me night and day.
Entity protagonists: ['Strephon', 'Robin', 'Colin']
Entity antagonists: ['Colin', 'Robin']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Ezra Pound, "Canto IV" from The Cantos of Ezra Pound. Copyright  1993 by Ezra Pound. Reprinted by permission of New Directions Publishing Corporation.
Entity protagonists: ['Ezra Pound', 'The Cantos of Ezra Pound', 'New Directions Publishing Corporation']
Entity antagonists: ['Ezra Pound', '"Canto IV"', 'The Cantos of Ezra Pound', 'New Directions Publishing Corporation']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'From fairest creatures we desire increase,
That thereby beautys rose might never die,
But as the riper should by time decease,
His tender heir might bear his memory;
But thou, contracted to thine own bright eyes,
Feedst thy lights flame with self-substantial fuel,
Making a famine where abundance lies,
Thyself thy foe, to thy sweet self too cruel.
Though that art now the worlds fresh ornament
And only herald to the gaudy spring,
Within thine own bud buriest thy content,
And, tender churl, makst waste in niggarding.
   Pity the world, or else this glutton be,
   To eat the worlds due, by the grave and thee.
Entity protagonists: ['Beauty', 'Time', 'The speaker (addressed as "thou")']
Entity antagonists: ['Time', "Self (the speaker's own self-destructive", "Pity (the world's lack of", "Gluttony (the speaker's excessive desire"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Archibald MacLeish, Ars Poetica from Collected Poems 1917-1982. Copyright  1985 by The Estate of Archibald MacLeish. Reprinted with the permission of Houghton Mifflin Company. All rights reserved.
Entity protagonists: ['Archibald MacLeish', 'Ars Poetica']
Entity antagonists: ['Archibald MacLeish', 'Ars Poetica']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Hart Crane, "Cutty Sark" from The Complete Poems of Hart Crane, edited by Marc SImon. Copyright  1933, 1958, 1966 by Liveright Publishing Corporation. Copyright  1986 by Marc Simon. Used by permission of Liveright Publishing.
Entity protagonists: ['Hart Crane', 'Cutty Sark']
Entity antagonists: ['Cutty Sark', 'Liveright Publishing Corporation']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When Nature made her chief work, Stella's eyes,
In colour black why wrapt she beams so bright?
Would she in beamy black, like painter wise,
Frame daintiest lustre, mix'd of shades and light?
Or did she else that sober hue devise,
In object best to knit and strength our sight;
Lest, if no veil these brave gleams did disguise,
They, sunlike, should more dazzle than delight?
Or would she her miraculous power show,
That, whereas black seems beauty's contrary,
She even in black doth make all beauties flow?
Both so, and thus, she, minding Love should be
Plac'd ever there, gave him this mourning weed
To honour all their deaths who for her bleed.
Entity protagonists: ['Stella', 'Nature', 'Love']
Entity antagonists: ['Nature', 'Love', 'Death']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Michael Anania, A Stratagem from Selected Poems. Copyright  1994 by Michael Anania. Used by permission of Asphodel Press/Acorn Alliance.
Entity protagonists: ['Michael Anania', 'A Stratagem']
Entity antagonists: ['Michael Anania', 'Stratagem', 'Selected Poems', 'Asphodel Press', 'Acorn Alliance']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Ezra Pound, "Canto IV" from The Cantos of Ezra Pound. Copyright  1993 by Ezra Pound. Reprinted by permission of New Directions Publishing Corporation.
Entity protagonists: ['Ezra Pound', 'The Cantos of Ezra Pound', 'New Directions Publishing Corporation']
Entity antagonists: ['Ezra Pound', '"Canto IV"', 'The Cantos of Ezra Pound', 'New Directions Publishing Corporation']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Only the wanderer
   Knows England's graces,
Or can anew see clear
   Familiar faces.

And who loves joy as he
   That dwells in shadows?
Do not forget me quite,
   O Severn meadows.
Entity protagonists: ['Wanderer', 'England', 'Familiar faces', 'Joy']
Entity antagonists: ['Shadows', 'Joy']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Kind are her answers,
But her performance keeps no day;
Breaks time, as dancers
From their own music when they stray:
All her free favors
And smooth words wing my hopes in vain.
O did ever voice so sweet but only feign?
Can true love yield such delay,
Converting joy to pain?

Lost is our freedom,
When we submit to women so:
Why do we need em,
When in their best they work our woe?
There is no wisdom
Can alter ends, by Fate prefixed.
O why is the good of man with evil mixed?
Never were days yet called two,
But one night went betwixt.
Entity protagonists: ['Kind', 'Voice', 'Love', 'Woman', 'Man']
Entity antagonists: ['Time', 'Music', 'Voice', 'Love', 'Fate', 'Women', 'Man']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Hugh MacDiarmid, Stony Limits from Selected Poetry. Copyright  1992 by Alan Riach and Michael Grieve. Reprinted with the permission of New Directions Publishing Corporation.
Entity protagonists: ['Hugh MacDiarmid', 'Stony Limits']
Entity antagonists: ['Hugh MacDiarmid', 'Stony Limits']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Bilbea, I was in Babylon on Saturday night.
I saw nothing of you anywhere.
I was at the old place and the other girls were there,
But no Bilbea.

Have you gone to another house? or city?
Why dont you write?
I was sorry. I walked home half-sick.

Tell me how it goes.
Send me some kind of a letter.
And take care of yourself.
Entity protagonists: ['Bilbea', 'You']
Entity antagonists: ['Bilbea', 'Other girls']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Conrad Aiken, Exile from Collected Poems. Copyright 1953 by Conrad Aiken. Used by permission of Brandt & Hochman Literary Agents, Inc. Any electronic copying or distribution of this text is expressly forbidden.
Entity protagonists: ['Conrad Aiken', 'Exile']
Entity antagonists: ['Exile', 'Conrad Aiken']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Tir'd with all these, for restful death I cry,
As, to behold desert a beggar born,
And needy nothing trimm'd in jollity,
And purest faith unhappily forsworn,
And gilded honour shamefully misplac'd,
And maiden virtue rudely strumpeted,
And right perfection wrongfully disgrac'd,
And strength by limping sway disabled,
And art made tongue-tied by authority,
And folly, doctor-like, controlling skill,
And simple truth miscall'd simplicity,
And captive good attending captain ill.
Tir'd with all these, from these would I be gone,
Save that, to die, I leave my love alone.
Entity protagonists: ['Beggar', 'Maiden', 'Virtue', 'Right', 'Strength', 'Art', 'Folly', 'Good', 'Love']
Entity antagonists: ['Beggar', 'Misfortune', 'Shame', 'Dishonor', 'Vice', 'Disgrace', 'Limitations', 'Authority', 'Folly', 'Misfortune']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Notes:
Macbeth: IV.i 10-19; 35-38
Entity protagonists: ['Macbeth', 'Lady Macbeth']
Entity antagonists: ['Macbeth (himself)', 'Banquo', 'Macduff', 'Lady Macbeth']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The weary yeare his race now having run,
The new begins his compast course anew:
With shew of morning mylde he hath begun,
Betokening peace and plenty to ensew.
So let us, which this chaunge of weather vew,
Chaunge eeke our mynds and former lives amend,
The old yeares sinnes forepast let us eschew,
And fly the faults with which we did offend.
Then shall the new yeares joy forth freshly send,
Into the glooming world his gladsome ray:
And all these stormes which now his beauty blend,
Shall turne to caulmes and tymely cleare away.
So likewise love cheare you your heavy spright,
And chaunge old yeares annoy to new delight.
Entity protagonists: ['Weary year', 'New year', 'Man', 'Old year', 'Love']
Entity antagonists: ['Old year', 'Sin', 'Faults', 'Storms']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'That time of year thou mayst in me behold
When yellow leaves, or none, or few, do hang
Upon those boughs which shake against the cold,
Bare ruin'd choirs, where late the sweet birds sang.
In me thou see'st the twilight of such day
As after sunset fadeth in the west,
Which by and by black night doth take away,
Death's second self, that seals up all in rest.
In me thou see'st the glowing of such fire
That on the ashes of his youth doth lie,
As the death-bed whereon it must expire,
Consum'd with that which it was nourish'd by.
This thou perceiv'st, which makes thy love more strong,
To love that well which thou must leave ere long.
Entity protagonists: ['Time', 'Youth', 'Death']
Entity antagonists: ['Cold', 'Night', 'Death']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I have built a house in the middle of the Ocean
Its windows are the rivers flowing from my eyes
Octopi are crawling all over where the walls are
Hear their triple hearts beat and their beaks peck against the windowpanes

House of dampness
House of burning
Seasons fastness
Season singing
The airplanes are laying eggs
Watch out for the dropping of the anchor

Watch out for the shooting black ichor
It would be good if you were to come from the sky
The skys honeysuckle is climbing
The earthly octopi are throbbing
And so very many of us have become our own gravediggers
Pale octopi of the chalky waves O octopi with pale beaks
Around the house is this ocean that you know well
  And is never still


Translated from the French
Entity protagonists: ['Octopi', 'You', 'I', 'Us', 'Pale octopi']
Entity antagonists: ['Octopi', 'Airplanes', 'Anchor', 'Black ichor', 'Gravediggers', 'Pale octopi']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Unhappy pen and ill accepted papers,
That intimate in vain my chaste desires,
My chaste desires, the ever burning tapers,
Enkindled by her eyes celestial fires.
Celestial fires and unrespecting powers,
That deign not view the glory of your might,
In humble lines the work of careful hours,
The sacrifice I offer to her sight.
But since she scorns her own, this rests for me,
Ill moan my self, and hide the wrong I have:
And so content me that her frowns should be
To my infant style the cradle, and the grave.
What though my self no honor get thereby,
Each bird sings therself, and so will I.
Entity protagonists: ['Unhappy pen', 'Papers', 'Desires', 'Eyes', 'Celestial fires', 'Powers', 'Self', 'Style', 'Frowns', 'Grave']
Entity antagonists: ['Unhappy pen', 'Ill-accepted papers', 'Celestial fires', 'Unrespecting powers', 'Wrong', 'Frowns']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Elinor Wylie, Cold Blooded Creatures from Selected Works of Elinor Wylie, edited by Evelyn Helmick Hively (Kent, Ohio: The Kent State University Press, 2005). Reprinted with the permission of The Kent State University Press.
Entity protagonists: ['Elinor Wylie', 'Evelyn Helmick Hively']
Entity antagonists: ['Cold Blooded Creatures', 'Evelyn Helmick Hively']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Kenneth Fearing, "X Minus X" from Collected Poems of Kenneth Fearing. Published by Random House, 1940. Reprinted by the permission of Russell & Volkening, Inc., as agents for the author. Copyright  1994 by Jubal Fearing and Phoebe Fearing.
Entity protagonists: ['Kenneth Fearing', 'Jubal Fearing', 'Phoebe Fearing']
Entity antagonists: ['Kenneth Fearing', 'X', 'Fearing']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Kenneth Slessor, In A/C with Ghosts from Selected Poems, published by HarperCollins Publishers Australia. Used by permission.
Entity protagonists: ['Kenneth Slessor', 'Ghosts']
Entity antagonists: ['Ghosts', 'Kenneth Slessor']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'If all the world and love were young,
And truth in every Shepherds tongue,
These pretty pleasures might me move,
To live with thee, and be thy love.

Time drives the flocks from field to fold,
When Rivers rage and Rocks grow cold,
And Philomel becometh dumb,
The rest complains of cares to come.

The flowers do fade, and wanton fields,
To wayward winter reckoning yields,
A honey tongue, a heart of gall,
Is fancys spring, but sorrows fall.

Thy gowns, thy shoes, thy beds of Roses,
Thy cap, thy kirtle, and thy posies
Soon break, soon wither, soon forgotten:
In folly ripe, in reason rotten.

Thy belt of straw and Ivy buds,
The Coral clasps and amber studs,
All these in me no means can move
To come to thee and be thy love.

But could youth last, and love still breed,
Had joys no date, nor age no need,
Then these delights my mind might move
To live with thee, and be thy love.
Entity protagonists: ['Youth', 'Love', 'Shepherd', 'Philomel (a nightingale)', 'Time', 'Winter', 'Flower', 'Folly', 'Reason', 'Beloved (addressed as "thee" and']
Entity antagonists: ['Time', 'Winter', 'Fading flowers', 'Reason', 'Folly']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'It is most true, that eyes are formed to serve
The inward light; and that the heavenly part
Ought to be king, from whose rules who do swerve,
Rebels to Nature, strive for their own smart.
    It is most true, what we call Cupids dart,
An image is, which for ourselves we carve;
And, fools, adore in temple of our heart,
Till that good god make Church and churchman starve.
    True, that true beauty virtue is indeed,
Whereof this beauty can be but a shade,
Which elements with mortal mixture breed;
True, that on earth we are but pilgrims made,
    And should in soul up to our country move;
True; and yet true, that I must Stella love.
Entity protagonists: ['Self', 'Nature', 'Cupid', 'God', 'Stella']
Entity antagonists: ['Nature', 'Cupid', 'Church', "Self (represented by the speaker's"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Love leave to urge, thou knowst thou hast the hand;
    Tis cowardise, to strive wher none resist:
    Pray thee leave off, I yeeld unto thy band;
    Doe nott thus, still, in thine owne powre persist,

Beehold I yeeld: lett forces bee dismist;
    I ame thy subject, conquerd, bound to stand,
    Never thy foe, butt did thy claime assist
    Seeking thy due of those who did withstand;

Butt now, itt seemes, thou wouldst I should thee love;
    I doe confess, twas thy will made mee chuse;
    And thy faire showes made mee a lover prove
    When I my freedome did, for paine refuse.

Yett this Sir God, your boyship I dispise;
Your charmes I obay, butt love nott want of eyes.
Entity protagonists: ['Love', 'Thou', 'I', 'Self', 'Forces', 'God', 'Boyship', 'Charms']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', "Forces (represented by the speaker's", "Will (of the speaker's opponents)", "Claime (of the speaker's opponents)", "Freedome (represented by the speaker's", "Pain (represented by the speaker's", "Eyes (represented by the speaker's", "God (represented by the speaker's"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Michael Anania, Waiting There from Selected Poems. Copyright  1994 by Michael Anania. Used by permission of Asphodel Press/Acorn Alliance.
Entity protagonists: ['Michael Anania', 'Waiting There']
Entity antagonists: ['Michael Anania', 'Waiting', 'ThereI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Whose sense in so evil consort, their stepdame Nature lays,
That ravishing delight in them most sweet tunes do not raise;
Or if they do delight therein, yet are so cloyed with wit,
As with sententious lips to set a title vain on it:
O let them hear these sacred tunes, and learn in wonders schools,
To be (in things past bounds of wit) fools, if they be not fools.

Who have so leaden eyes, as not to see sweet beautys show,
Or seeing, have so wooden wits, as not that worth to know;
Or knowing, have so muddy minds, as not to be in love;
Or loving, have so frothy thoughts, as easly thence to move:
Or let them see these heavenly beams, and in fair letters read
A lesson fit, both sight and skill, love and firm love to breed.

Hear then, but then with wonder hear; see but adoring see,
No mortal gifts, no earthly fruits, now here descended be;
See, do you see this face? a face? nay, image of the skies,
Of which the two life-giving lights are figured in her eyes:
Hear you this soul-invading voice, and count it but a voice?
The very essence of their tunes, when Angels do rejoice.
Entity protagonists: ['Nature', 'Beauty', 'Love', 'Wit', 'The speaker (addressed as "you")', 'The face (referred to as', 'The voice (referred to as']
Entity antagonists: ['Nature', 'Wit', 'Wooden wits', 'Muddy minds', 'Frothy thoughts', 'Earthly fruits', 'Mortal gifts']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Love is a sickness full of woes,
All remedies refusing;
A plant that with most cutting grows,
Most barren with best using.
Why so?
More we enjoy it, more it dies;
If not enjoyed, it sighting cries,
Heigh ho!

Love is a torment of the mind,
A tempest everlasting;
And Jove hath made it of a kind
Not well, not full, nor fasting.
Why so?
More we enjoy it, more it dies;
If not enjoyed, it sighing cries,
Heigh ho!
Entity protagonists: ['Love', 'Mind', 'Jove']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'Woes', 'Remedies', 'Mind', 'Tempest', 'Jove']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I joy to see how in your drawen work,
Your selfe unto the Bee ye doe compare;
And me unto the Spyder that doth lurke,
In close awayt to catch her unaware.
Right so your selfe were caught in cunning snare
Of a deare for, and thralled to his love:
In whose streight bands ye now captived are
So firmely, that ye never may remove.
But as your whole worke is woven all about,
With woodbynd flowers and fragrant Enlantine:
So sweet your prison you in time shall prove,
With many deare delights bedecked fyne,
And all thensforth eternall peace shall see
Betweene the Spyder and the gentle Bee.
Entity protagonists: ['Bee', 'Spider']
Entity antagonists: ['Spyder', 'Bee']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'W. B. Yeats, Byzantium from The Poems of W. B. Yeats: A New Edition, edited by Richard J. Finneran. Copyright 1933 by Macmillan Publishing Company, renewed  1961 by Georgie Yeats. Reprinted with the permission of A. P. Watt, Ltd. on behalf of Michael Yeats.
Entity protagonists: ['W. B. Yeats', 'Byzantium']
Entity antagonists: ['W. B. Yeats', 'ByzantiumI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Basil Bunting, Briggflatts (Part 1) from Complete Poems, edited by Richard Caddel. Reprinted with the permission of Bloodaxe Books Ltd., www.bloodaxebooks.com.
Entity protagonists: ['Basil Bunting', 'Briggflatts (Part 1)']
Entity antagonists: ['Basil Bunting', 'Briggflatts (Part 1)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Full fathom five thy father lies;
Of his bones are coral made;
Those are pearls that were his eyes:
Nothing of him that doth fade,
But doth suffer a sea-change
Into something rich and strange.
Sea-nymphs hourly ring his knell:
                                             Ding-dong.
Hark! now I hear them,ding-dong, bell.
Entity protagonists: ['Prospero', 'Father']
Entity antagonists: ['Father', 'Coral', 'Eyes', 'Fade', 'Sea-nymphs']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Archibald MacLeish, Ancestral from Collected Poems 1917-1982. Copyright  1985 by The Estate of Archibald MacLeish. Reprinted with the permission of Houghton Mifflin Company. All rights reserved.
Entity protagonists: ['Archibald MacLeish', 'Ancestral']
Entity antagonists: ['Archibald MacLeish', 'Ancestral']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Farewell love and all thy laws forever;
Thy baited hooks shall tangle me no more.
Senec and Plato call me from thy lore
To perfect wealth, my wit for to endeavour.
In blind error when I did persever,
Thy sharp repulse, that pricketh aye so sore,
Hath taught me to set in trifles no store
And scape forth, since liberty is lever.
Therefore farewell; go trouble younger hearts
And in me claim no more authority.
With idle youth go use thy property
And thereon spend thy many brittle darts,
For hitherto though I have lost all my time,
Me lusteth no lenger rotten boughs to climb.
Entity protagonists: ['Love', 'Seneca', 'Plato']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'Error', 'Time', 'Youth']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Out of the winds' and the waves' riot,
Out of the loud foam,
He has put in to a great quiet
And a still home.

Here he may lie at ease and wonder
Why the old ship waits,
And hark for the surge and the strong thunder
Of the full Straits,

And look for the fishing fleet at morning,
Shadows like lost souls,
Slide through the fog where the seal's warning
Betrays the shoals,

And watch for the deep-sea liner climbing
Out of the bright West,
With a salmon-sky and her wake shining
Like a tern's breast, 

And never know he is done for ever
With the old sea's pride,
Borne from the fight and the full endeavour
On an ebb tide.
Entity protagonists: ['Man', 'Old ship', 'Fishing fleet', 'Deep-sea liner']
Entity antagonists: ['Winds', 'Waves', 'Old ship', 'Straits', 'Fishing fleet', 'Deep-sea liner', 'Seals', 'Shoals', 'Terns']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Kenneth Slessor, Talbingo from Selected Poems, published by HarperCollins Publishers Australia. Used by permission.
Entity protagonists: ['Kenneth Slessor', 'TalbingoI hope this helps! Let']
Entity antagonists: ['Kenneth Slessor', 'TalbingoPlease note that there is']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Sir Charles into my chamber coming in,
When I was writing of my Fairy Queen;
I praysaid hewhen Queen Mab you do see
Present my service to her Majesty:
And tell her I have heard Fame's loud report
Both of her beauty and her stately court.
When I Queen Mab within my fancy viewed,
My thoughts bowed low, fearing I should be rude;
Kissing her garment thin which fancy made,
I knelt upon a thought, like one that prayed;
And then, in whispers soft, I did present
His humble service which in mirth was sent;
Thus by imagination I have been
In Fairy court and seen the Fairy Queen.
Entity protagonists: ['Sir Charles', 'Fairy Queen', 'Queen Mab']
Entity antagonists: ['Sir Charles', 'Fames (the rumor or reputation', 'Queen Mab (the Fairy Queen,']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Michael Anania, The Finality of a Poem from Selected Poems. Copyright  1994 by Michael Anania. Used by permission of Asphodel Press/Acorn Alliance.
Entity protagonists: ['Michael Anania', 'The speaker (of the poem)']
Entity antagonists: ['Michael Anania', 'The Finality of a Poem', 'Asphodel Press/Acorn Alliance']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Mina Loy, The Song of the Nightingale is Like the Scent of Syringa from Lunar Baedeker and Times-Tables (Highlands, NC: Jonathan Williams Publisher, 1958). Copyright 1958 by Mina Loy. Reprinted with the permission of Roger L. Conover for the Estate of Mina Loy.
Entity protagonists: ['Mina Loy', 'Nightingale', 'Syringa']
Entity antagonists: ['Mina Loy', 'The Song of the Nightingale', 'Lunar Baedeker', 'Times-Tables']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Wine comes in at the mouth
And love comes in at the eye;
Thats all we shall know for truth
Before we grow old and die.
I lift the glass to my mouth,
I look at you, and I sigh.
Entity protagonists: ['Wine', 'Love']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'Death']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I met a courtier riding on the plain,
Well-mounted on a brave and gallant steed;
I sat upon a jade, and spurred to my pain
My lazy beast, whose tired sides did bleed:
He saw my case, and then of courtesy
Did rein his horse, and drew the bridle in,
Because I did desire his company:
But he corvetting way of me did win.
     What should I do, who was besteaded so?
      His horse stood still faster than mine could go.
Entity protagonists: ['Courtier', 'Horse', 'Beast', 'Rider']
Entity antagonists: ['Courtier', 'Horse (representing the obstacle or']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Hart Crane, At Melvilles Tomb from The Complete Poems of Hart Crane by Hart Crane, edited by Marc SImon. Copyright  1933, 1958, 1966 by Liveright Publishing Corporation. Copyright  1986 by Marc Simon. Used by permission of Liveright Publishing.
Entity protagonists: ['Hart Crane', 'Melville']
Entity antagonists: ['Melville', 'Tomb']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Tis true, tis day, what though it be?
O wilt thou therefore rise from me?
Why should we rise because tis light?
Did we lie down because twas night?
Love, which in spite of darkness brought us hither,
Should in despite of light keep us together.

Light hath no tongue, but is all eye;
If it could speak as well as spy,
This were the worst that it could say,
That being well I fain would stay,
And that I loved my heart and honour so,
That I would not from him, that had them, go.

Must business thee from hence remove?
Oh, thats the worst disease of love,
The poor, the foul, the false, love can
Admit, but not the busied man.
He which hath business, and makes love, doth do
Such wrong, as when a married man doth woo.
Entity protagonists: ['Speaker', 'Love', 'The poor', 'The foul', 'The false', 'The busied man']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'Light', 'Business', 'Man (representing the conflicting demands']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'He's gone, and all our plans
   Are useless indeed.
We'll walk no more on Cotswold
   Where the sheep feed
   Quietly and take no heed.
 
His body that was so quick
   Is not as you
Knew it, on Severn river
   Under the blue
   Driving our small boat through.
 
You would not know him now ...
   But still he died
Nobly, so cover him over
   With violets of pride
   Purple from Severn side.
 
Cover him, cover him soon!
   And with thick-set
Masses of memoried flowers
   Hide that red wet
   Thing I must somehow forget.
Entity protagonists: ['Hes', 'He', 'You', 'Him']
Entity antagonists: ['Hes', 'Him', 'River', 'Death', 'Pride']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'How much do you love me, a million bushels?
Oh, a lot more than that, Oh, a lot more.

And tomorrow maybe only half a bushel?
Tomorrow maybe not even a half a bushel.

And is this your heart arithmetic?
This is the way the wind measures the weather.
Entity protagonists: ['Love', 'Tomorrow']
Entity antagonists: ['Love', 'Weather']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I might!unhappy wordO me, I might,
And then would not, or could not, see my bliss;
Till now wrapt in a most infernal night,
I find how heav'nly day, wretch! I did miss.
Heart, rend thyself, thou dost thyself but right;
No lovely Paris made thy Helen his,
No force, no fraud robb'd thee of thy delight,
Nor Fortune of thy fortune author is;
But to myself myself did give the blow,
While too much wit, forsooth, so troubled me
That I respects for both our sakes must show:
And yet could not by rising morn foresee
How fair a day was near: O punish'd eyes,
That I had been more foolish,or more wise!
Entity protagonists: ['I', 'Wretch', 'Heart', 'Helen', 'Fortune', 'Self (repeated twice)', 'Wit', 'Morning']
Entity antagonists: ['Night', 'Self (repeatedly)', 'Fortune', 'Wit', 'Morning']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Copyright  1996 by the Estate of Mina Loy. All rights reserved.
Entity protagonists: ['Mina Loy', 'Estate of Mina Loy']
Entity antagonists: ['Estate of Mina Loy', 'Rights reserved']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Where the bee sucks, there suck I:
In a cowslips bell I lie;
There I couch when owls do cry.
On the bats back I do fly
After summer merrily.   
Merrily, merrily shall I live now
Under the blossom that hangs on the bough.
Entity protagonists: ['I', 'Cowslips', 'Owls', 'Bats', 'Bee', 'Summer', 'Merrily']
Entity antagonists: ['Owls', 'Bats']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'From fairest creatures we desire increase,
That thereby beautys rose might never die,
But as the riper should by time decease,
His tender heir might bear his memory;
But thou, contracted to thine own bright eyes,
Feedst thy lights flame with self-substantial fuel,
Making a famine where abundance lies,
Thyself thy foe, to thy sweet self too cruel.
Though that art now the worlds fresh ornament
And only herald to the gaudy spring,
Within thine own bud buriest thy content,
And, tender churl, makst waste in niggarding.
   Pity the world, or else this glutton be,
   To eat the worlds due, by the grave and thee.
Entity protagonists: ['Beauty', 'Time', 'The speaker (addressed as "thou")']
Entity antagonists: ['Time', "Self (the speaker's own self-destructive", "Pity (the world's lack of", "Gluttony (the speaker's excessive desire"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Michael Anania, Motet from Selected Poems. Copyright  1994 by Michael Anania. Used by permission of Asphodel Press/Acorn Alliance.
Entity protagonists: ['Michael Anania', 'Motet']
Entity antagonists: ['Michael Anania', 'MotetI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Hugh MacDiarmid, The Eemis Stane from Selected Poetry. Copyright  1992 by Alan Riach and Michael Grieve. Reprinted with the permission of New Directions Publishing Corporation.
Entity protagonists: ['Hugh MacDiarmid', 'The Eemis Stane']
Entity antagonists: ['Hugh MacDiarmid', 'The Eemis Stane']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When I remember plain heroic strength
And shining virtue shown by Ypres pools,
Then read the blither written by knaves for fools
In praise of English soldiers lying at length,
Who purely dream what England shall be made
Gloriously new, free of the old stains
By us, who pay the price that must be paid,
Will freeze all winter over Ypres plains.
Our silly dreams of peace you put aside
And brotherhood of man, for you will see
An armed mistress, braggart of the tide,
Her children slaves, under your mastery.
We'll have a word there too, and forge a knife,
Will cut the cancer threatens England's life.
Entity protagonists: ['England', 'Ypres', 'Man']
Entity antagonists: ['England', 'Ypres plains', 'The old stains', "The cancer threatens England's life"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Come, my Celia, let us prove,
While we can, the sports of love;
Time will not be ours forever;
He at length our good will sever.
Spend not then his gifts in vain.
Suns that set may rise again;
But if once we lose this light,
Tis with us perpetual night.
Why should we defer our joys?
Fame and rumor are but toys.
Cannot we delude the eyes
Of a few poor household spies,
Or his easier ears beguile,
So removed by our wile?
Tis no sin loves fruit to steal;
But the sweet thefts to reveal,
To be taken, to be seen,
These have crimes accounted been.
Entity protagonists: ['Celia', 'Love', 'Time', 'He', 'Sun', 'Fame', 'Rumor', 'Eyes', 'Household spies', 'He']
Entity antagonists: ['Time', 'He', 'Love', 'Fame', 'Rumor', 'Sin', 'The eyes of a few', 'The ears of the person']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I have sat here happy in the gardens,
Watching the still pool and the reeds
And the dark clouds
Which the wind of the upper air
Tore like the green leafy boughs
Of the divers-hued trees of late summer;
But though I greatly delight
In these and the water-lilies,
That which sets me nighest to weeping
Is the rose and white color of the smooth flag-stones,
And the pale yellow grasses
Among them.
Entity protagonists: ['Happy', 'Watching', 'Dark clouds', 'Wind', 'Delight', 'Rose', 'White color', 'Pale yellow']
Entity antagonists: ['Dark clouds', 'Wind', 'Green leafy boughs', 'Pale yellow grasses']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'It lies not in our power to love or hate,
For will in us is overruled by fate.
When two are stripped, long ere the course begin,
We wish that one should lose, the other win;
And one especially do we affect
Of two gold ingots, like in each respect:
The reason no man knows; let it suffice
What we behold is censured by our eyes.
Where both deliberate, the love is slight:
Who ever loved, that loved not at first sight?
Entity protagonists: ['Will', 'Fate', 'One', 'Two', 'Love', 'Eyes', 'Both']
Entity antagonists: ['Fate', 'Will', 'Loss', 'Win', 'Love', 'Eyes', 'Deliberate', 'Sight']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'But love whilst that thou mayst be loved again,
Now whilst thy May hath filed thy lap with flowers,
Now whilst thy beauty bears without a stain,
Now use the summer smiles, ere winter lowers.
And whilst thou spreadst unto the rising sun
The fairest flower that ever saw the light,
Now joy thy time before thy sweet be done,
And, Delia, think thy morning must have night,
And that thy brightness sets at length to west,
When thou wilt close up that which now thou shewst;
And think the same becomes they fading best
Which then shall most inveil and shadow most.
Men do not weigh the stalk for what it was,
When once they find her flower, her glory, pass.
Entity protagonists: ['Delia', 'May', 'Beauty', 'Sun', 'Morning', 'West']
Entity antagonists: ['Time', 'Beauty', 'Winter', 'Night', 'West', 'Men']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'He's gone, and all our plans
   Are useless indeed.
We'll walk no more on Cotswold
   Where the sheep feed
   Quietly and take no heed.
 
His body that was so quick
   Is not as you
Knew it, on Severn river
   Under the blue
   Driving our small boat through.
 
You would not know him now ...
   But still he died
Nobly, so cover him over
   With violets of pride
   Purple from Severn side.
 
Cover him, cover him soon!
   And with thick-set
Masses of memoried flowers
   Hide that red wet
   Thing I must somehow forget.
Entity protagonists: ['Hes', 'He', 'You', 'Him']
Entity antagonists: ['Hes', 'Him', 'River', 'Death', 'Pride']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Unto the boundless Ocean of thy beauty
Runs this poor river, charged with streams of zeal:
Returning thee the tribute of my duty,
Which here my love, my youth, my plaints reveal.
Here I unclasp the book of my charged soul,
Where I have cast th'accounts of all my care:
Here have I summed my sighs, here I enroll
How they were spent for thee; look what they are.
Look on the dear expenses of my youth,
And see how just I reckon with thine eyes:
Examine well thy beauty with my truth,
And cross my cares ere greater sum arise.
Read it sweet maid, though it be done but slightly;
Who can show all his love, doth love but lightly.
Entity protagonists: ['River', 'Love', 'Youth', 'Soul', 'Eyes', 'Beauty', 'Truth', 'Cares', 'Maid']
Entity antagonists: ['Ocean', 'Youth', 'Care', 'Truth', 'Eyes', 'Sum']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The wisest scholar of the wight most wise
By Phoebus doom, with sugared sentence says
That Virtue, if it once met with our eyes,
Strange flames of love it in our souls would raise;
But, for that man with pain this truth descries,
While he each thing in senses balance weighs,
And so nor will nor can behold those skies
Which inward sun to heroic mind displays,
Virtue of late, with virtuous care to stir
Love of herself, takes Stellas shape, that she
To mortal eyes might sweetly shine in her.
It is most true, for since I her did see,
Virtues great beauty in that face I prove,
And find theffect, for I do burn in love.
Entity protagonists: ['Virtue', 'Love', 'The speaker (who is also']
Entity antagonists: ['Virtue', 'Love', 'Pain', 'Senses', 'Mind', 'Stella', 'Self (in the sense of']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity protagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity antagonists: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of protagonists. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Malcolm Cowley, The Long Voyage from Blue Juniata: A Life. Copyright  1985 by Malcolm Cowley. Used by permission of Viking Penguin, a division of Penguin Group (USA) Inc.
Entity protagonists: ['Malcolm Cowley', 'The narrator (implied)']
Entity antagonists: ['Malcolm Cowley', 'Blue Juniata']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Show me dear Christ, thy spouse so bright and clear.
What! is it she which on the other shore
Goes richly painted? or which, robb'd and tore,
Laments and mourns in Germany and here?
Sleeps she a thousand, then peeps up one year?
Is she self-truth, and errs? now new, now outwore?
Doth she, and did she, and shall she evermore
On one, on seven, or on no hill appear?
Dwells she with us, or like adventuring knights
First travel we to seek, and then make love?
Betray, kind husband, thy spouse to our sights,
And let mine amorous soul court thy mild Dove,
Who is most true and pleasing to thee then
When she'is embrac'd and open to most men.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Hill', 'House', 'Germany', 'Shore', 'Hill', 'Home', "Knight's castleNote that some of"]
Entity outdoor settings: ['Shore', 'Hill', 'Germany', 'Here (implied)', 'No hill (implied)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The motion of gathering loops of water
Must either burst or remain in a moment.
The violet colors through the glass
Throw up little swellings that appear
And spatter as soon as another strikes
And is born; so pure are they of colored
Hues, that we feel the absent strength
Of its power. When they begin they gather
Like sand on the beach: each bubble
Contains a complete eye of water.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Glass', 'Beach']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Beach', 'Water', 'Glass']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Though I am young, and cannot tell
    Either what Death or Love is well,
Yet I have heard they both bear darts,
    And both do aim at human hearts.
And then again, I have been told
    Love wounds with heat, as Death with cold;
So that I fear they do but bring
    Extremes to touch, and mean one thing.

As in a ruin we it call
    One thing to be blown up, or fall;
Or to our end like way may have
    By a flash of lightning, or a wave;
So Loves inflamed shaft or brand
    May kill as soon as Deaths cold hand;
Except Loves fires the virtue have
    To fright the frost out of the grave.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Ruin', 'End', 'Grave']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Ruin', 'Wave', 'Grave']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'While my hair was still cut straight across my forehead
I played about the front gate, pulling flowers.
You came by on bamboo stilts, playing horse,
You walked about my seat, playing with blue plums.
And we went on living in the village of Chokan:
Two small people, without dislike or suspicion.
At fourteen I married My Lord you.
I never laughed, being bashful.
Lowering my head, I looked at the wall.
Called to, a thousand times, I never looked back.

At fifteen I stopped scowling,
I desired my dust to be mingled with yours
Forever and forever, and forever.
Why should I climb the look out?

At sixteen you departed
You went into far Ku-to-en, by the river of swirling eddies,
And you have been gone five months.
The monkeys make sorrowful noise overhead.

You dragged your feet when you went out.
By the gate now, the moss is grown, the different mosses,
Too deep to clear them away!
The leaves fall early this autumn, in wind.
The paired butterflies are already yellow with August
Over the grass in the West garden;
They hurt me.
I grow older.
If you are coming down through the narrows of the river Kiang,
Please let me know beforehand,
And I will come out to meet you
As far as Cho-fu-Sa.
Entity indoor settings: ['Front gate', 'House (mentioned in the phrase', 'Room (mentioned in the line', 'Wall (mentioned in the line', 'Gate (mentioned in the line', 'Garden (mentioned in the line', 'West garden (mentioned in the', 'Narrows of the river Kiang']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Front gate', 'Village of Chokan', 'River of swirling eddies', 'West garden', 'Narrows of the river Kiang']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Maurice, weep not, I am not here under this pine tree.
The balmy air of spring whispers through the sweet grass,
The stars sparkle, the whippoorwill calls,
But thou grievest, while my soul lies rapturous
In the blest Nirvana of eternal light!
Go to the good heart that is my husband,
Who broods upon what he calls our guilty love: i
Tell him that my love for you, no less than my love for him
Wrought out my destiny i that through the flesh
I won spirit, and through spirit, peace.
There is no marriage in heaven,
But there is love.
Entity indoor settings: ['House', 'Pine tree', 'Bedroom', 'Heart', "Husband's brooding place (implied to"]
Entity outdoor settings: ['Pine tree', 'Spring', 'Grass', 'Stars', 'Night', 'Nirvana', 'Heaven']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The trade-wind jingles the rings in the nets around the racks by the docks on Indian River.
It is the same jingle of the water among roots under the banks of the palmettoes,
It is the same jingle of the red-bird breasting the orange-treesout of the cedars.
Yet there is no spring in Florida, neither in boskage perdu, nor on the nunnery beaches.
Entity indoor settings: ['Racks', 'Docks', 'Nets', 'Roots', 'Banks', 'Palmettoes', 'Cedars', 'Nunnery beaches']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Docks', 'Banks', 'Palmettoes', 'Cedars', 'Beaches']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'If it were not for England, who would bear
This heavy servitude one moment more?
To keep a brothel, sweep and wash the floor
Of filthiest hovels were noble to compare
With this brass-cleaning life. Now here, now there
Harried in foolishness, scanned curiously o'er
By fools made brazen by conceit, and store
Of antique witticisms thin and bare.

Only the love of comrades sweetens all,
Whose laughing spirit will not be outdone.
As night-watching men wait for the sun
To hearten them, so wait I on such boys
As neither brass nor Hell-fire may appal,
Nor guns, nor sergeant-major's bluster and noise.
Entity indoor settings: ['Brothel', 'Home', 'Hovel', 'Room', 'House', 'Night-watching post', 'Sun', "Boys' quarters"]
Entity outdoor settings: ['England', 'Field', 'Hovel', 'Street', 'Night', 'Sun']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'She has no need to fear the fall
Of harvest from the laddered reach
Of orchards, nor the tide gone ebbing
      From the steep beach.

Nor hold to pain's effrontery
Her body's bulwark, stern and savage,
Nor be a glass, where to forsee
      Another's ravage.

What she has gathered, and what lost,
She will not find to lose again.
She is possessed by time, who once
      Was loved by men.
Entity indoor settings: ['Laddered reach', 'Steep beach', 'Home (mentioned in the line']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Orchards', 'Beach', 'Laddered reach', 'Steep beachI hope this helps!']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'W. B. Yeats, The Circus Animals Desertion from The Poems of W. B. Yeats: A New Edition, edited by Richard J. Finneran. Copyright 1933 by Macmillan Publishing Company, renewed  1961 by Georgie Yeats. Reprinted with the permission of A. P. Watt, Ltd. on behalf of Michael Yeats.
Entity indoor settings: ['Circus', 'Desertion']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Circus', 'Desert', 'Animals']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Is this the river East I heard?
Where the ferries, tugs and sailboats stirred
And the reaching wharves from the inner land
Ourstretched, like the harmless receiving hand
 
And the silvery tinge that sparkles aloud
Like the brilliant white demons, which a tide has towed
From the rays of the morning sun
Which it doth ceaselessly shine upon.
 
But look at the depth of the drippling tide
The dripples, reripples like the locusts astride;
As the boat turns upon the silvery spread
It leavesstrangea shadow dead.
 
And the very charms from the reflective river
And from the stacks of the floating boat
There seemeth the quality neer to dissever
Like the ruffles from the mystified smoke.
Entity indoor settings: ['River', 'Wharves', 'Boat', 'Stacks', 'Inner land', 'Hand', 'Shadow', 'Room (mentioned in the line', 'Stacks (mentioned again in the', 'Boat (mentioned again in the']
Entity outdoor settings: ['River', 'Wharves', 'Inner land', 'Tide', 'Morning sun', 'Boat', 'Silvery spread', 'Stacks of the floating boat', 'Reflective river', 'Mystified smoke.']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Penelope for her Ulisses sake,
Devizd a Web her wooers to deceave:
In which the worke that she all day did make
The same at night she did again unreave:
Such subtile craft my Damzell doth conceave,
Th importune suit of my desire to shnone:
For all that I in many dayes doo weave,
In one short houre I find by her undonne.
So when I thinke to end that I begonne,
I must begin and never bring to end:
For with one looke she spils that long I sponne,
And with one word my whole years work doth rend.
Such labour like the Spyders web I fynd,
Whose fruitless worke is broken with least wynd.
Entity indoor settings: ['Some of these settings are']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Some of these settings are']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Hark, hark! the lark at heaven's gate sings, 
And Phoebus 'gins arise, 
His steeds to water at those springs 
On chaliced flowers that lies; 
And winking Mary-buds begin 
To ope their golden eyes: 
With every thing that pretty is, 
My lady sweet, arise: 
Arise, arise.
Entity indoor settings: ['Gate', 'Springs', 'Flowers', 'Room (mentioned in the phrase']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Heavens gate', 'Springs', 'Flowers', 'Fields', 'Woods', 'Hills', 'Mountains', 'Sky']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I had come to the house, in a cave of trees,
Facing a sheer sky.
Everything moved,a bell hung ready to strike,
Sun and reflection wheeled by.

When the bare eyes were before me
And the hissing hair,
Held up at a window, seen through a door.
The stiff bald eyes, the serpents on the forehead
Formed in the air.

This is a dead scene forever now.
Nothing will ever stir.
The end will never brighten it more than this,
Nor the rain blur.

The water will always fall, and will not fall,
And the tipped bell make no sound.
The grass will always be growing for hay
Deep on the ground.

And I shall stand here like a shadow
Under the great balanced day,
My eyes on the yellow dust, that was lifting in the wind,
And does not drift away.
Entity indoor settings: ['House', 'Cave', 'Room', 'Door', 'Window', 'Room (again)', 'Balanced day (implied)Note that some']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Cave', 'Trees', 'Sky', 'Field', 'Ground', 'Hay', 'Wind', 'Dust']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When the first dark had fallen around them
And the leaves were weary of praise,
In the clear silence Beauty found them
And shewed them all her ways.

In the high noon of the heavenly garden
Where the angels sunned with the birds,
Beauty, before their hearts could harden,
Had taught them heavenly words.

When they fled in the burning weather
And nothing dawned but a dream,
Beauty fasted their hands together
And cooled them at her stream.

And when day wearied and night grew stronger,
And they slept as the beautiful must,
Then she bided a little longer,
And blossomed from their dust.
Entity indoor settings: ['Garden', 'House', 'Room', 'Bedroom', 'Dream', 'Stream']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Garden', 'Woods', 'Fields', 'Heavenly garden', 'High noon', 'Burning weather', 'Dream', 'Stream']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Walking the fields a wantcatcher I spied,
To him I went, desirous of his game:
Sir, have you taken wants? Yes, he replied,
Here are a dozen, which were lately taen.
Then you have left no more. No more? quoth he.
Sir I can show you more: the more the worse;
And to his work he went, but 'twould not be,
For all the wants were crept into my purse.
     Farewell friend wantcatcher, since 'twill not be,
     Thou cannot catch the wants, but they catch me.
Entity indoor settings: ['Fields', 'House', 'Purse']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Fields', 'Woods', 'Stream', 'Purse']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The buffaloes are gone.
And those who saw the buffaloes are gone.
Those who saw the buffaloes by thousands and how they pawed the prairie sod into dust with their hoofs, their great heads down pawing on in a great pageant of dusk,
Those who saw the buffaloes are gone.
And the buffaloes are gone.
Entity indoor settings: ['House', 'Barn', 'Prairie']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Prairie', 'Dusk', 'Sod', 'Grassland']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'My love looks like a girl to-night,
      But she is old.
The plaits that lie along her pillow
      Are not gold,
But threaded with filigree silver,
      And uncanny cold.

She looks like a young maiden, since her brow
      Is smooth and fair,
Her cheeks are very smooth, her eyes are closed.
      She sleeps a rare
Still winsome sleep, so still, and so composed.

Nay, but she sleeps like a bride, and dreams her dreams
      Of perfect things.
She lies at last, the darling, in the shape of her dream,
      And her dead mouth sings
By its shape, like the thrushes in clear evenings.
Entity indoor settings: ['Bedroom', 'Pillow', 'Night', 'Dreams', 'Sleep']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Night', 'Pillow', 'Field (mentioned in the line', 'Evening (mentioned in the line']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'And wilt thou leave me thus?
Say nay, say nay, for shame,
To save thee from the blame
Of all my grief and grame;
And wilt thou leave me thus?
Say nay, say nay!

And wilt thou leave me thus,
That hath loved thee so long
In wealth and woe among?
And is thy heart so strong
As for to leave me thus?
Say nay, say nay!

And wilt thou leave me thus,
That hath given thee my heart
Never for to depart,
Nother for pain nor smart;
And wilt thou leave me thus?
Say nay, say nay!

And wilt thou leave me thus
And have no more pity
Of him that loveth thee?
Helas, thy cruelty!
And wilt thou leave me thus?
Say nay, say nay!
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'House', 'Home', 'Woe', 'Pain', 'Heart', 'Love', 'Heart', 'Pity', 'Cruelty']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Woods', 'Woe', 'Wealth', 'Pain', 'Smart', 'Field', 'Cruelty', 'Heart']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Barque of phosphor
On the palmy beach,
 
Move outward into heaven,
Into the alabasters
And night blues.
 
Foam and cloud are one.
Sultry moon-monsters
Are dissolving.
 
Fill your black hull
With white moonlight.
 
There will never be an end
To this droning of the surf.
Entity indoor settings: ['Beach', 'Heaven', 'Alabasters', 'Night blues', 'Hull']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Beach', 'Heaven', 'Alabasters', 'Night', 'Ocean', 'Clouds', 'Moonlight', 'Hull']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Man of himselfs a little world, but joind
With woman, woman for that end designd,
(Hear cruel fair one whilst I this rehearse!)
He makes up then a complete universe.
Man, like this sublunary world, is born
The sport of two cross planets, love, and scorn:
Woman the other world resembles well,
In whose looks Heavn is, in whose breast Hell.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'World', 'House', 'Home', 'Bedroom', 'Bed', 'Chair', 'Couch', 'Fireplace', 'Fire']
Entity outdoor settings: ['World', 'Universe', 'Planet', 'Heavens', 'Hell']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Drink to me only with thine eyes,
         And I will pledge with mine;
Or leave a kiss but in the cup,
         And Ill not look for wine.
The thirst that from the soul doth rise
         Doth ask a drink divine;
But might I of Joves nectar sup,
         I would not change for thine.

I sent thee late a rosy wreath,
         Not so much honouring thee
As giving it a hope, that there
         It could not withered be.
But thou thereon didst only breathe,
         And sentst it back to me;
Since when it grows, and smells, I swear,
         Not of itself, but thee.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Cup', 'Soul', 'Home (mentioned in the line', 'House (mentioned in the line']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Garden', 'Cup', 'Wine', 'Nectar', 'Field', 'Sky']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'My bands of silk and miniver
Momently grew heavier;
The black gauze was beggarly thin;
The ermine muffled mouth and chin;
I could not suck the moonlight in.

Harlequin in lozenges
Of love and hate, I walked in these
Striped and ragged rigmaroles;
Along the pavement my footsoles
Trod warily on living coals.

Shouldering the thoughts I loathed,
In their corrupt disguises clothed,
Morality I could not tear
From my ribs, to leave them bare
Ivory in silver air.

There I walked, and there I raged;
The spiritual savage caged
Within my skeleton, raged afresh
To feel, behind a carnal mesh,
The clean bones crying in the flesh.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'House', 'Pavement', 'Cage', 'Ribs', 'Air']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Moonlight', 'Pavement', 'Coals', 'Air']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'in Just-
spring          when the world is mud-
luscious the little
lame balloonman

whistles          far          and wee

and eddieandbill come
running from marbles and
piracies and it's
spring

when the world is puddle-wonderful

the queer
old balloonman whistles
far          and             wee
and bettyandisbel come dancing

from hop-scotch and jump-rope and

it's
spring
and

         the

                  goat-footed

balloonMan          whistles
far
and
wee
Entity indoor settings: ['Spring', 'House', 'Room', "Balloonman's workshop", 'Indoor playground (hinted at in', 'Home (mentioned in the line', 'Bedroom (mentioned in the line', 'Living room (mentioned in the', 'Workshop (mentioned in the line', "Goat-footed balloonman's workshop (mentioned in"]
Entity outdoor settings: ['Spring', 'Mud', 'Field', 'Far', 'Puddle', 'Woods', 'Hills', 'Garden', 'Park', 'Beach', 'Mountains', 'Valley', 'Stream', 'River', 'LakeI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The lowest trees have tops, the ant her gall,
The fly her spleen, the little sparks their heat;
The slender hairs cast shadows, though but small,
And bees have stings, although they be not great;
Seas have their source, and so have shallow springs;
And love is love, in beggars as in kings.

Where rivers smoothest run, deep are the fords;
The dial stirs, yet none perceives it move;
The firmest faith is in the fewest words;
The turtles cannot sing, and yet they love:
True hearts have eyes and ears, no tongues to speak;
They hear and see, and sigh, and then they break.
Entity indoor settings: ['Gall', 'Spleen', 'Heat', 'Hairs', 'Stings', 'Springs', 'Fords', 'Dial', 'Words', 'Tongues']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Trees', 'Fields', 'Rivers', 'Forests', 'Springs', 'Seas', 'Mountains', 'Valleys', 'Hills', 'Fords']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I spot the hills
With yellow balls in autumn.
I light the prairie cornfields
Orange and tawny gold clusters
And I am called pumpkins.
On the last of October
When dusk is fallen
Children join hands
And circle round me
Singing ghost songs
And love to the harvest moon;
I am a jack-o'-lantern
With terrible teeth
And the children know
I am fooling.
Entity indoor settings: ['House', 'Cornfields', 'Prairie', 'Room', 'Hall']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Hills', 'Prairie', 'Cornfields', 'Fields', 'Harvest moon']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When she rises in the morning
I linger to watch her;
She spreads the bath-cloth underneath the window
And the sunbeams catch her
Glistening white on the shoulders,
While down her sides the mellow
Golden shadow glows as
She stoops to the sponge, and her swung breasts
Sway like full-blown yellow
Gloire de Dijon roses.

She drips herself with water, and her shoulders
Glisten as silver, they crumple up
Like wet and falling roses, and I listen
For the sluicing of their rain-dishevelled petals.
In the window full of sunlight
Concentrates her golden shadow
Fold on fold, until it glows as
Mellow as the glory roses.
Entity indoor settings: ['Window', 'Bathroom', 'Room with sunlight', 'Shower', 'Sponge', 'Water', 'Silver', 'Roses (mentioned in the last']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Morning', 'Window', 'Sunlight', 'Garden (mentioned in the line', 'Water (mentioned in the line', 'Sunbeams (mentioned in the line', 'Rain (mentioned in the line', 'Garden (mentioned again in the']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'While my hair was still cut straight across my forehead
I played about the front gate, pulling flowers.
You came by on bamboo stilts, playing horse,
You walked about my seat, playing with blue plums.
And we went on living in the village of Chokan:
Two small people, without dislike or suspicion.
At fourteen I married My Lord you.
I never laughed, being bashful.
Lowering my head, I looked at the wall.
Called to, a thousand times, I never looked back.

At fifteen I stopped scowling,
I desired my dust to be mingled with yours
Forever and forever, and forever.
Why should I climb the look out?

At sixteen you departed
You went into far Ku-to-en, by the river of swirling eddies,
And you have been gone five months.
The monkeys make sorrowful noise overhead.

You dragged your feet when you went out.
By the gate now, the moss is grown, the different mosses,
Too deep to clear them away!
The leaves fall early this autumn, in wind.
The paired butterflies are already yellow with August
Over the grass in the West garden;
They hurt me.
I grow older.
If you are coming down through the narrows of the river Kiang,
Please let me know beforehand,
And I will come out to meet you
As far as Cho-fu-Sa.
Entity indoor settings: ['Front gate', 'House (mentioned in the phrase', 'Room (mentioned in the line', 'Wall (mentioned in the line', 'Gate (mentioned in the line', 'Garden (mentioned in the line', 'West garden (mentioned in the', 'Narrows of the river Kiang']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Front gate', 'Village of Chokan', 'River of swirling eddies', 'West garden', 'Narrows of the river Kiang']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'from Dana, 1904
Entity indoor settings: ['Of course! Please provide the']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Of course! Please provide the']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Tis true, tis day, what though it be?
O wilt thou therefore rise from me?
Why should we rise because tis light?
Did we lie down because twas night?
Love, which in spite of darkness brought us hither,
Should in despite of light keep us together.

Light hath no tongue, but is all eye;
If it could speak as well as spy,
This were the worst that it could say,
That being well I fain would stay,
And that I loved my heart and honour so,
That I would not from him, that had them, go.

Must business thee from hence remove?
Oh, thats the worst disease of love,
The poor, the foul, the false, love can
Admit, but not the busied man.
He which hath business, and makes love, doth do
Such wrong, as when a married man doth woo.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Night', 'Darkness', 'House', 'Home', 'Interior', 'Indoors', 'Inside']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Day', 'Night', 'Light', 'Darkness', 'Night']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Shall I compare thee to a summers day?
Thou art more lovely and more temperate:
Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May,
And summers lease hath all too short a date;
Sometime too hot the eye of heaven shines,
And often is his gold complexion dimm'd;
And every fair from fair sometime declines,
By chance or natures changing course untrimm'd;
But thy eternal summer shall not fade,
Nor lose possession of that fair thou owst;
Nor shall death brag thou wanderst in his shade,
When in eternal lines to time thou growst:
   So long as men can breathe or eyes can see,
   So long lives this, and this gives life to thee.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'House', 'Shade', 'Window', 'Door', 'Chamber', 'Hall', 'Parlor', 'Study', 'Bedroom']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Summer', 'May', 'Darling buds', 'Heaven', 'Shade', "Nature's changing course", 'Eternal lines']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Were you but lying cold and dead,
And lights were paling out of the West,
You would come hither, and bend your head,
And I would lay my head on your breast;
And you would murmur tender words,
Forgiving me, because you were dead:
Nor would you rise and hasten away,
Though you have the will of wild birds,
But know your hair was bound and wound
About the stars and moon and sun:
O would, beloved, that you lay
Under the dock-leaves in the ground,
While lights were paling one by one.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Bed', 'Breast', 'Head', 'Hair', 'Ground']
Entity outdoor settings: ['West', 'Ground', 'Sky', 'Stars', 'Moon', 'Sun', 'Dock-leaves']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'from Coterie, 1919
Entity indoor settings: ['Of course! Please provide the']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Of course! Please provide the']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Down by the salley gardens
   my love and I did meet;
She passed the salley gardens
   with little snow-white feet.
She bid me take love easy,
   as the leaves grow on the tree;
But I, being young and foolish,
   with her would not agree.

In a field by the river
   my love and I did stand,
And on my leaning shoulder
   she laid her snow-white hand.
She bid me take life easy,
   as the grass grows on the weirs;
But I was young and foolish,
   and now am full of tears.
Entity indoor settings: ['Salley gardens', 'Room', 'Field', 'River']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Gardens', 'Field', 'River']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Doors, from Wind Song, is copyright  1957 by Carl Sandburg, and renewed 1985 by Margaret Sandburg, Janet Sandburg, and Helga Sandburg Crile, reprinted by permission of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company.
Entity indoor settings: ['Doors', 'Wind Song', 'House']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Wind', 'Doors', 'Song']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'My sweetest Lesbia, let us live and love,
And though the sager sort our deeds reprove,
Let us not weigh them. Heavens great lamps do dive
Into their west, and straight again revive,
But soon as once set is our little light,
Then must we sleep one ever-during night.

If all would lead their lives in love like me,
Then bloody swords and armor should not be;
No drum nor trumpet peaceful sleeps should move,
Unless alarm came from the camp of love.
But fools do live, and waste their little light,
And seek with pain their ever-during night.

When timely death my life and fortune ends,
Let not my hearse be vexed with mourning friends,
But let all lovers, rich in triumph, come
And with sweet pastimes grace my happy tomb;
And Lesbia, close up thou my little light,
And crown with love my ever-during night.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Bed', 'Night', 'Tomb', 'Camp (mentioned in the last']
Entity outdoor settings: ['West', 'Night', 'Camp', 'Tomb']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Our vice runs beyond all that old men saw,
And far authentically above our laws,
And scorning virtues safe and golden mean,
Sits uncontrolled upon the high extreme.
Circes, thy monsters painted out the hue,
Of feigned filthiness, but ours is true.
Our vice puts down all proverbs and all themes,
Our vice excels all fables and all dreams.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'House', 'Laws', 'Mean', 'Extreme', 'Hue', 'Dreams', 'Themes']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Sea', 'Mountains', 'Extreme', 'Coast']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Living, I had no might
To make you hear,
Now, in the inmost night,
I am so near
No whisper, falling light,
Divides us, dear.

Living, I had no claim
On your great hours.
Now the thin candle-flame,
The closing flowers,
Wed summer with my name, 
And these are ours.

Your shadow on the dust,
Strength, and a cry,
Delight, despair, mistrust, 
All these am I.
Dawn, and the far hills thrust
To a far sky.

Living, I had no skill
To stay your tread,
Now all that was my will
Silence has said.
We are one for good and ill
Since I am dead.
Entity indoor settings: ['Living room', 'Night', 'Bedroom', 'Closet', 'Dust', 'Hill (mentioned in the context']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Night', 'Inmost night', 'Hills', 'Sky', 'Fields', 'Flowers', 'Dust']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The silver swan, who living had no note,
When death approached, unlocked her silent throat;
Leaning her breast against the reedy shore,
Thus sung her first and last, and sung no more:
Farewell, all joys; Oh death, come close mine eyes;
More geese than swans now live, more fools than wise.
Entity indoor settings: ['Home', 'Shore', 'Room']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Shore', 'Reedy shore', 'Lake']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Some may have blamed you that you took away
The verses that could move them on the day
When, the ears being deafened, the sight of the eyes blind
With lightning, you went from me, and I could find
Nothing to make a song about but kings,
Helmets, and swords, and half-forgotten things
That were like memories of youbut now
We'll out, for the world lives as long ago;
And while we're in our laughing, weeping fit,
Hurl helmets, crowns, and swords into the pit.
But, dear, cling close to me; since you were gone,
My barren thoughts have chilled me to the bone.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Pit', 'Hall']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Day', 'Night', 'Field', 'Pit']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Only the wanderer
   Knows England's graces,
Or can anew see clear
   Familiar faces.

And who loves joy as he
   That dwells in shadows?
Do not forget me quite,
   O Severn meadows.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Shadows', 'Meadows']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Woods', 'Meadows', 'Shadows', 'River (Severn)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Methought I saw the grave where Laura lay,
Within that temple where the vestal flame
Was wont to burn; and, passing by that way,
To see that buried dust of living fame,
Whose tomb fair Love, and fairer Virtue kept:
All suddenly I saw the Fairy Queen;
At whose approach the soul of Petrarch wept,
And, from thenceforth, those Graces were not seen:
For they this queen attended; in whose stead
Oblivion laid him down on Lauras hearse:
Hereat the hardest stones were seen to bleed,
And groans of buried ghosts the heavens did pierce:
Where Homers spright did tremble all for grief,
And cursed the access of that celestial thief!
Entity indoor settings: ['Temple', 'Grave', 'Tomb', 'Palace (mentioned in the context', 'HearseI hope this helps! Let']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Grave', 'Temple', 'Tomb', 'Field', 'Mountains', 'Heavens', 'Groves', 'Hills', 'Valleys', 'StreamsI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Follow thy fair sun, unhappy shadow,
Though thou be black as night
And she made all of light,
Yet follow thy fair sun unhappy shadow.

Follow her whose light thy light depriveth,
Though here thou livst disgraced,
And she in heaven is placed,
Yet follow her whose light the world reviveth.

Follow those pure beams whose beauty burneth,
That so have scorched thee,
As thou still black must be,
Till Her kind beams thy black to brightness turneth.

Follow her while yet her glory shineth,
There comes a luckless night,
That will dim all her light,
And this the black unhappy shade divineth.

Follow still since so thy fates ordained,
The Sun must have his shade,
Till both at once do fade,
The Sun still proved, the shadow still disdained.




Poetry Out Loud Note: In the print anthology, this poem is titled "Follow thy fair sun, unhappy shadow." The student may give either title during the recitation.
Entity indoor settings: ['Night', 'House', 'Heaven', 'Room', 'Nighttime', 'Darkness']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Sun', 'Night', 'Heaven', 'World', 'Light', 'Glory', 'Night']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Her terrace was the sand
And the palms and the twilight.
 
She made of the motions of her wrist
The grandiose gestures
Of her thought.
 
The rumpling of the plumes
Of this creature of the evening
Came to be sleights of sails
Over the sea.
 
And thus she roamed
In the roamings of her fan,

Partaking of the sea,
And of the evening,
As they flowed around
And uttered their subsiding sound.
Entity indoor settings: ['Terrace', 'Room', 'Wrist', 'Motions', 'Thought', 'Plumes', 'Creature', 'Evening', 'Sails', 'Fan']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Terrace', 'Sand', 'Palms', 'Twilight', 'Sea', 'Evening', 'Plumes', 'Sails', 'Roamings', 'Fan']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Under the greenwood tree
Who loves to lie with me,
And turn his merry note
Unto the sweet bird's throat,
Come hither, come hither, come hither:
            Here shall he see
            No enemy
But winter and rough weather.

Who doth ambition shun
And loves to live i' the sun,
Seeking the food he eats,
And pleased with what he gets,
Come hither, come hither, come hither:
            Here shall he see
            No enemy
But winter and rough weather.
Entity indoor settings: ['Tree', 'Throat', 'Room', 'Sun', 'Food']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Woods', 'Tree', 'Field', 'Sun', 'Weather']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'O absent presence, Stella is not here;
    False flattering hope, that with so fair a face
    Bare me in hand, that in this orphan place
Stella, I say my Stella, should appear.
What sayst thou now? Where is that dainty cheer
    Thou toldst mine eyes should help their famished case?
    But thou art gone, now that self-felt disgrace
Doth make me most to wish thy comfort near.
    But here I do store of fair ladies meet,
    Who may with charm of conversation sweet
Make in my heavy mould new thoughts to grow:
    Sure they prevail as much with me, as he
    That bade his friend, but then new maimed, to be
Merry with him, and not think of his woe.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'House', 'Orphan place', 'Home', 'Chamber', 'Hall', 'Parlor', 'Study', 'Bedroom', 'Bedchamber']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Orphan place', 'Field', 'Woods', 'Garden', 'Meadow', 'Park', 'Mountain', 'Coast', 'Lake', 'River']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'To all those happy blessings which ye have,
With plenteous hand by heaven upon you thrown:
This one disparagement they to you gave,
That ye your love lent to so meane a one.
Yee whose high worths surpassing paragon,
Could not on earth have found one fit for mate,
Ne but in heaven matchable to none,
Why did ye stoup unto so lowly state.
But ye thereby much greater glory gate,
Then had ye sorted with a princes pere:
For now your light doth more it selfe dilate,
And in my darknesse greater doth appeare.
Yet since your light hath once enlumind me,
With my reflex yours shall encreased be.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'House', 'Home', 'Palace', 'Heaven']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Heaven', 'Earth', 'Lowly state', "Prince's pere (a reference to"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Gut eats all day and lechers all the night;
So all his meat he tasteth over twice;
And, striving so to double his delight,
He makes himself a thoroughfare of vice.
Thus in his belly can he change a sin:
Lust it comes out, that gluttony went in.
Entity indoor settings: ['Gut', 'Night', 'House']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Night', 'Day']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Knowlt Hoheimer ran away to the war
The day before Curl Trenary
Swore out a warrant through Justice Arnett
For stealing hogs.
But that's not the reason he turned a soldier.
He caught me running with Lucius Atherton.
We quarreled and I told him never again
To cross my path.
Then he stole the hogs and went to the war
Back of every soldier is a woman.
Entity indoor settings: ['Home', 'War', "Justice Arnett's office"]
Entity outdoor settings: ['War', 'Field', 'Woods', 'Path']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Fly, fly, my friends, I have my death wound, fly!
See there that boy, that murd'ring boy, I say,
Who, like a thief, hid in dark bush doth lie
Till bloody bullet get him wrongful prey.
So tyrant he no fitter place could spy,
Nor so fair level in so secret stay,
As that sweet black which veils the heav'nly eye;
There himself with his shot he close doth lay.
Poor passenger, pass now thereby I did,
And stay'd, pleas'd with the prospect of the place,
While that black hue from me the bad guest hid;
But straight I saw motions of lightning grace
And then descried the glist'ring of his dart:
But ere I could fly thence it pierc'd my heart.
Entity indoor settings: ['Bush', 'Darkness', 'Secret place', 'Heaven (mentioned in the phrase', 'Darkness (mentioned again)', 'Room (implied by "place")', 'Home (mentioned in the phrase', 'Darkness (mentioned again)', 'Night (mentioned in the phrase', 'Indoor space (implied by "place")']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Bush', 'Field', 'Sky', 'Heavens', 'Level', 'Place', 'Woods', 'Darkness', 'Lightning', 'Dart']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'That time of year thou mayst in me behold
When yellow leaves, or none, or few, do hang
Upon those boughs which shake against the cold,
Bare ruin'd choirs, where late the sweet birds sang.
In me thou see'st the twilight of such day
As after sunset fadeth in the west,
Which by and by black night doth take away,
Death's second self, that seals up all in rest.
In me thou see'st the glowing of such fire
That on the ashes of his youth doth lie,
As the death-bed whereon it must expire,
Consum'd with that which it was nourish'd by.
This thou perceiv'st, which makes thy love more strong,
To love that well which thou must leave ere long.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Bed', 'Fireplace', 'Fire (as a source of', 'Ashes', 'Deathbed']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Woods', 'Boughs', 'Trees', 'Sky', 'West', 'Night', 'Fire', 'Ashes', 'Deathbed']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'She was a village
Of lovely knowledge
The high roads left her aside, she was forlorn, a maid 
Water ran there, dusk hid her, she climbed four-wayed.
Brown-gold windows showed last folk not yet asleep;
Water ran, was a centre of silence deep,
Fathomless deeps of pricked sky, almost fathomless
Hallowed an upward gaze in pale satin of blue.
And I was happy indeed, of mind, soul, body even
Having got given
A sign undoubtful of a dear England few
Doubt, not many have seen,
That Will Squele he knew and was so shriven.
Home of Twelfth Night  Edward Thomas by Arras fallen,
Borrow and Hardy, Sussex tales out of Roman heights callen.
No madrigals or field-songs to my all reverent whim;
Till I got back I was dumb.
Entity indoor settings: ['Village', 'Home', 'Windows', 'Centre (of silence)', 'Room (mentioned in "Brown-gold windows', 'Hall (mentioned in "Having got', 'House (mentioned in "Home of', 'Room (mentioned in "Borrow and', 'Interior of a building (not', 'Indeterminate space (mentioned in "Till']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Village', 'Roads', 'Fields', 'Water', 'Sky', 'Hills', 'Woods', 'Mountains', 'Valley', 'StreamI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Thrice toss these oaken ashes in the air,
Thrice sit thou mute in this enchanted chair,
Then thrice three times tie up this true love's knot,
And murmur soft "She will, or she will not."

Go burn these pois'nous weeds in yon blue fire,
These screech-owl's feathers and this prickling briar,
This cypress gathered at a dead man's grave,
That all my fears and cares an end may have.

Then come, you fairies! dance with me a round;
Melt her hard heart with your melodious sound.
In vain are all the charms I can devise:
She hath an art to break them with her eyes.
Entity indoor settings: ['Chair', 'Fire', 'Grave', 'Room', 'Home']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Woods', 'Field', 'Grave', 'Fire', 'Sky', 'River', 'Mountains', 'Valley', 'Garden', 'Forest']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'O Mistress mine where are you roaming?
O stay and hear, your true love's coming,
      That can sing both high and low.
Trip no further pretty sweeting.
Journeys end in lovers' meeting,
      Every wise man's son doth know.

What is love, 'tis not hereafter,
Present mirth, hath present laughter:
      What's to come, is still unsure.
In delay there lies no plenty,
Then come kiss me sweet and twenty:
      Youth's a stuff will not endure.
Entity indoor settings: ['', ',', ',', ', ...]', 'Room', 'Home', 'House', 'Chamber', 'Parlor', 'Hall', 'Bedroom', 'Bed', 'Cottage', 'Study']
Entity outdoor settings: ['', ',', ',', ', ...]', 'Woods', 'Fields', 'Meadow', 'Mountains', "Journey's end (implied)"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'You dweller in the dark cabin,
To whom the watermelon is always purple,   
Whose garden is wind and moon,

Of the two dreams, night and day,
What lover, what dreamer, would choose   
The one obscured by sleep?

Here is the plantain by your door   
And the best cock of red feather   
That crew before the clocks.

A feme may come, leaf-green,   
Whose coming may give revel   
Beyond revelries of sleep,

Yes, and the blackbird spread its tail,   
So that the sun may speckle,   
While it creaks hail.

You dweller in the dark cabin,   
Rise, since rising will not waken,   
And hail, cry hail, cry hail.
Entity indoor settings: ['Cabin', 'Room', 'Door', 'Clocks', 'Bed', 'Bedroom', 'Night', 'Dreams', 'Sleep', 'Hail']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Cabin', 'Garden', 'Moon', 'Night', 'Day', 'Field', 'Woods', 'Beach', 'Mountain', "Cock's crowI hope this helps!"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Come live with me and be my love,
And we will all the pleasures prove,
That Valleys, groves, hills, and fields,
Woods, or steepy mountain yields.

And we will sit upon the Rocks,
Seeing the Shepherds feed their flocks,
By shallow Rivers to whose falls
Melodious birds sing Madrigals.

And I will make thee beds of Roses
And a thousand fragrant posies,
A cap of flowers, and a kirtle
Embroidered all with leaves of Myrtle;

A gown made of the finest wool
Which from our pretty Lambs we pull;
Fair lined slippers for the cold,
With buckles of the purest gold;

A belt of straw and Ivy buds,
With Coral clasps and Amber studs:
And if these pleasures may thee move,
Come live with me, and be my love.

The Shepherds Swains shall dance and sing
For thy delight each May-morning:
If these delights thy mind may move,
Then live with me, and be my love.
Entity indoor settings: ['Rocks', 'Shallow rivers', 'Cottage', 'Beds of roses', 'Kirtle', 'Embroidered clothing (made of leaves', 'Gown made of wool (from', 'Fair lined slippers', 'Chamber (with buckles of gold)', 'Belt of straw and ivy', 'Room (with coral clasps and']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Valleys', 'Groves', 'Hills', 'Fields', 'Woods', 'Steepy mountain', 'Rocks', 'Shallow rivers', 'Falls', 'Mountains', 'Valleys', 'Hills', 'Fields', 'Woods', 'Steepy mountainI hope this helps!']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Hugh MacDiarmid, excerpt from On a Raised Beach from Selected Poetry. Copyright  1992 by Alan Riach and Michael Grieve. Reprinted with the permission of New Directions Publishing Corporation.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Beach', 'House', 'Library', 'Bedroom']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Beach', 'Raised beach', 'Coast', 'Sea', 'OceanI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'from Coterie, 1919
Entity indoor settings: ['Of course! Please provide the']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Of course! Please provide the']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Moonmoth and grasshopper that flee our page
And still wing on, untarnished of the name
We pinion to your bodies to assuage
Our envy of your freedomwe must maim

Because we are usurpers, and chagrined
And take the wing and scar it in the hand.
Names we have, even, to clap on the wind;
But we must die, as you, to understand.

I dreamed that all men dropped their names, and sang
As only they can praise, who build their days
With fin and hoof, with wing and sweetened fang
Struck free and holy in one Name always.
Entity indoor settings: ['Page', 'Hand', 'Wind']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Moon', 'Grasshopper', 'Page', 'Wind', 'Field', 'Sky', 'Hand', 'Name']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I will arise and go now, and go to Innisfree,
And a small cabin build there, of clay and wattles made;
Nine bean-rows will I have there, a hive for the honey-bee,
And live alone in the bee-loud glade.

And I shall have some peace there, for peace comes dropping slow,
Dropping from the veils of the morning to where the cricket sings;
There midnights all a glimmer, and noon a purple glow,
And evening full of the linnets wings.

I will arise and go now, for always night and day
I hear lake water lapping with low sounds by the shore;
While I stand on the roadway, or on the pavements grey,
I hear it in the deep hearts core.
Entity indoor settings: ['Cabin', 'Innisfree', 'Small cabin', 'Bee-loud glade', 'Morning', 'Veils', 'Evening', 'Pavements', "Deep heart's core"]
Entity outdoor settings: ['Innisfree', 'Glade', 'Beach', 'Lake', 'Roadway', 'Pavement', 'Woods', 'Mountains', 'Fields', 'Countryside']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Gertrude Stein, [The house was twinkling in the moon light] from Baby Precious Always Shines: Selected Love Notes Between Gertrude Stein and Alice B. Toklas (St. Martins Press, 1999). Reprinted with the permission of the Estate of Gertrude Stein.
Entity indoor settings: ['House', 'Moonlight', 'Bedroom', 'Living room']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Moonlight', 'Night', 'House', 'Garden']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Sigh no more, ladies, sigh no more.
    Men were deceivers ever,
One foot in sea, and one on shore,
    To one thing constant never.
Then sigh not so, but let them go,
    And be you blithe and bonny,
Converting all your sounds of woe
    Into hey nonny, nonny.

Sing no more ditties, sing no more
    Of dumps so dull and heavy.
The fraud of men was ever so
    Since summer first was leafy.
Then sigh not so, but let them go,
    And be you blithe and bonny,
Converting all your sounds of woe
    Into hey, nonny, nonny.
Entity indoor settings: ['House', 'Room', 'Shore', 'Sea', 'Home', 'Interior', 'Indoors', 'Inside']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Sea', 'Shore', 'Field', 'Woods', 'Leafy summer']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Now in the West the slender moon lies low,
And now Orion glimmers through the trees,
Clearing the earth with even pace and slow,
And now the stately-moving Pleiades,
In that soft infinite darkness overhead
Hang jewel-wise upon a silver thread.

And all the lonelier stars that have their place,
Calm lamps within the distant southern sky,
And planet-dust upon the edge of space,
Look down upon the fretful world, and I
Look up to outer vastness unafraid
And see the stars which sang when earth was made.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Trees', 'Earth', 'Sky', 'Space']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Trees', 'Sky', 'Earth', 'Space', 'Southern sky', 'Edge of space']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Take, oh take those lips away,
      That so sweetly were forsworn,
And those eyes: the breake of day,
      Lights that do mislead the Morn;
But my kisses bring again, bring again,
Seals of love, but sealed in vain, sealed in vain.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'House', 'Bedroom', 'Morning']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Daybreak', 'Morning', 'Morn']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Your words my friend (right healthful caustics) blame
My young mind marred, whom Love doth windlass so,
That mine own writings like bad servants show
My wits, quick in vain thoughts, in virtue lame,
That Plato I read for nought, but if he tame
Such coltish gyres, that to my birth I owe
Nobler desires, least else that friendly foe,
Great expectation, wear a train of shame.
For since mad March great promise made of me,
If now the May of my years much decline,
What can be hoped my harvest time will be?
Sure you say well, your wisdoms golden mine
Dig deep with learnings spade, now tell me this,
Hath this world ought so fair as Stella is?
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Mind', 'Birth', 'Years', 'May', 'March', 'Mine (as in a personal', 'Train (of shame)Please note that']
Entity outdoor settings: ['March', 'May', 'Years']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Orpheus with his lute made trees, 
And the mountain tops that freeze, 
Bow themselves when he did sing:
To his music plants and flowers 
Ever sprung; as sun and showers 
There had made a lasting spring. 
Every thing that heard him play, 
Even the billows of the sea, 
Hung their heads, and then lay by. 
In sweet music is such art, 
Killing care and grief of heart 
Fall asleep, or hearing, die.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Mountain top', 'Home', 'Garden', 'Sea']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Trees', 'Mountain tops', 'Sea', 'Flowers', 'Plants', 'Sun', 'Showers']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'See, the grass is full of stars,
Fallen in their brightness;
Hearts they have of shining gold,
Rays of shining whiteness.

Buttercups have honeyed hearts,
Bees they love the clover,
But I love the daisies' dance
All the meadow over.

Blow, O blow, you happy winds,
Singing summer's praises,
Up the field and down the field
A-dancing with the daisies.
Entity indoor settings: ['House', 'Field', 'Meadow', 'Garden', 'Room']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Grass', 'Field', 'Meadow', 'Sky', 'Wind', 'Sun', 'Gold', 'Whiteness', 'Stars', 'Clover', 'DanceI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Basil Bunting, 30. The Orotava Road from Complete Poems, edited by Richard Caddel. Reprinted with the permission of Bloodaxe Books Ltd., www.bloodaxebooks.com.
Entity indoor settings: ['Home', 'Road', 'House', 'Room', 'Bedroom', 'Study', 'Library', 'OfficeI hope this helps! Let']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Beach', 'Road', 'Valley', 'River', 'Mountain', 'Field', 'Woods', 'StreamI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Suddenly discovering in the eyes of the very beautiful
                            Normande cocotte
The eyes of the very learned British Museum assistant.
Entity indoor settings: ['British Museum', 'Home (mentioned in the phrase', "Assistant's office (mentioned in the"]
Entity outdoor settings: ['British Museum', 'Park', 'Garden', 'Field']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The sovereign beauty which I do admire,
Witness the world how worthy to be praised:
The light whereof hath kindled heavenly fire
In my frail spirit, by her from baseness raised;
That being now with her huge brightness dazed,
Base thing I can no more endure to view;
But looking still on her, I stand amazed
At wondrous sight of so celestial hue.
So when my tongue would speak her praises due,
It stopped is with thought's astonishment:
And when my pen would write her titles true,
It ravish'd is with fancy's wonderment:
Yet in my heart I then both speak and write
The wonder that my wit cannot endite.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Baseness', 'Spirit', 'Pen', 'Heart']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Heaven', 'Baseness', 'Light', 'Fire', 'Spirit', 'View', 'Huge brightness', 'World', 'Sky', 'Nature']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'O sweet everlasting Voices, be still;
Go to the guards of the heavenly fold
And bid them wander obeying your will,
Flame under flame, till Time be no more;
Have you not heard that our hearts are old,
That you call in birds, in wind on the hill,
In shaken boughs, in tide on the shore?
O sweet everlasting Voices, be still.
Entity indoor settings: ['Heavenly fold', 'Guards', 'Hill', 'Shore']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Hill', 'Shore', 'Boughs', 'Sky']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When she rises in the morning
I linger to watch her;
She spreads the bath-cloth underneath the window
And the sunbeams catch her
Glistening white on the shoulders,
While down her sides the mellow
Golden shadow glows as
She stoops to the sponge, and her swung breasts
Sway like full-blown yellow
Gloire de Dijon roses.

She drips herself with water, and her shoulders
Glisten as silver, they crumple up
Like wet and falling roses, and I listen
For the sluicing of their rain-dishevelled petals.
In the window full of sunlight
Concentrates her golden shadow
Fold on fold, until it glows as
Mellow as the glory roses.
Entity indoor settings: ['Window', 'Bathroom', 'Room with sunlight', 'Shower', 'Sponge', 'Water', 'Silver', 'Roses (mentioned in the last']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Morning', 'Window', 'Sunlight', 'Garden (mentioned in the line', 'Water (mentioned in the line', 'Sunbeams (mentioned in the line', 'Rain (mentioned in the line', 'Garden (mentioned again in the']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I shall foot it
Down the roadway in the dusk,
Where shapes of hunger wander
And the fugitives of pain go by.

I shall foot it
In the silence of the morning,
See the night slur into dawn,
Hear the slow great winds arise
Where tall trees flank the way
And shoulder toward the sky.

The broken boulders by the road
Shall not commemorate my ruin.
Regret shall be the gravel under foot.
I shall watch for
Slim birds swift of wing
That go where wind and ranks of thunder
Drive the wild processionals of rain.

The dust of the travelled road
Shall touch my hands and face.
Entity indoor settings: ['Roadway', 'Morning', 'Dawn', 'Home (mentioned in the line', "Interior of the speaker's mind"]
Entity outdoor settings: ['Roadway', 'Morning', 'Dawn', 'Woods', 'Fields', 'Mountains', 'River', 'Valley', 'Coast', 'Beach', 'Forest', 'Stream', 'Wilderness', 'Canyon', 'DesertI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Like as a huntsman after weary chase,
Seeing the game from him escap'd away,
Sits down to rest him in some shady place,
With panting hounds beguiled of their prey:
So after long pursuit and vain assay,
When I all weary had the chase forsook,
The gentle deer return'd the self-same way,
Thinking to quench her thirst at the next brook.
There she beholding me with milder look,
Sought not to fly, but fearless still did bide:
Till I in hand her yet half trembling took,
And with her own goodwill her firmly tied.
Strange thing, me seem'd, to see a beast so wild,
So goodly won, with her own will beguil'd.
Entity indoor settings: ['Shady place', 'Next brook']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Woods', 'Shady place', 'Brook']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Sweet shades why doe you seeke to give delight
    To mee who deeme delight in this vilde place
    Butt torment, sorrow, and mine owne disgrace
    To taste of joy, or your vaine pleasing sight;

Show them your pleasures who saw never night
    Of greife, wher joyings fauning, smiling face
    Appeers as day, wher griefe found never space
    Yett for a sigh, a grone, or envies spite;

Butt O on mee a world of woes doe ly,
    Or els on mee all harmes strive to rely,
    And to attend like servants bound to mee,

Heat in desire, while frosts of care I prove,
    Wanting my love, yett surfett doe with love
    Burne, and yett freeze, better in hell to bee.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Night', 'House', 'World', 'Hell']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Wild place', 'Night', 'Grief', 'Day', 'Hell']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Shy one, shy one,
Shy one of my heart,
She moves in the firelight
Pensively apart.

She carries in the dishes,
And lays them in a row.
To an isle in the water
With her would I go.

She carries in the candles,
And lights the curtained room,
Shy in the doorway
And shy in the gloom;

And shy as a rabbit,
Helpful and shy.
To an isle in the water
With her would I fly.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Hallway', 'Doorway', 'Isle (in the water)', 'Water', 'Gloom', 'Candlelit room', 'Dishroom', 'Kitchen', 'Water (again, as an isle)']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Water', 'Island', 'Woods', 'Firelight', 'Night', 'Waterfront', 'Beach', 'Field', 'Mountain', 'River']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'New yeare forth looking out of Janus gate,
Doth seeme to promise hope of new delight:
And bidding thold Adieu, his pass
Entity indoor settings: ['Gate', 'Room', 'House']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Gate', 'Field', 'Sky']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When I have seen by Time's fell hand defac'd
The rich proud cost of outworn buried age;
When sometime lofty towers I see down-ras'd
And brass eternal slave to mortal rage;
When I have seen the hungry ocean gain
Advantage on the kingdom of the shore,
And the firm soil win of the wat'ry main,
Increasing store with loss and loss with store;
When I have seen such interchange of state,
Or state itself confounded to decay;
Ruin hath taught me thus to ruminate,
That Time will come and take my love away.
This thought is as a death, which cannot choose
But weep to have that which it fears to lose.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Tower', 'Palace', 'Crypt', 'Cell', 'Court', 'Hall', 'Chamber', 'Parlour', 'Study']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Ocean', 'Shore', 'Main (watery)', 'Tower', 'Field (mentioned in the line']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Although you hide in the ebb and flow
Of the pale tide when the moon has set,
The people of coming days will know
About the casting out of my net,
And how you have leaped times out of mind
Over the little silver cords,
And think that you were hard and unkind,
And blame you with many bitter words.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Net', 'Cords']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Beach', 'Ocean', 'Moon', 'Tide', 'Net', 'Cords']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When I consider everything that grows
Holds in perfection but a little moment,
That this huge stage presenteth nought but shows
Whereon the stars in secret influence comment;
When I perceive that men as plants increase,
Cheered and check'd even by the selfsame sky,
Vaunt in their youthful sap, at height decrease,
And wear their brave state out of memory;
Then the conceit of this inconstant stay
Sets you most rich in youth before my sight,
Where wasteful Time debateth with Decay
To change your day of youth to sullied night;
And all in war with Time for love of you,
As he takes from you, I engraft you new.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Stage', 'Sky', 'House', 'Memory']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Sky', 'Stage', 'Field', 'Woods', 'Garden', 'Night']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Shall I compare thee to a summers day?
Thou art more lovely and more temperate:
Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May,
And summers lease hath all too short a date;
Sometime too hot the eye of heaven shines,
And often is his gold complexion dimm'd;
And every fair from fair sometime declines,
By chance or natures changing course untrimm'd;
But thy eternal summer shall not fade,
Nor lose possession of that fair thou owst;
Nor shall death brag thou wanderst in his shade,
When in eternal lines to time thou growst:
   So long as men can breathe or eyes can see,
   So long lives this, and this gives life to thee.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'House', 'Shade', 'Window', 'Door', 'Chamber', 'Hall', 'Parlor', 'Study', 'Bedroom']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Summer', 'May', 'Darling buds', 'Heaven', 'Shade', "Nature's changing course", 'Eternal lines']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'There was a man whom Sorrow named his friend,
And he, of his high comrade Sorrow dreaming,
Went walking with slow steps along the gleaming
And humming sands, where windy surges wend:
And he called loudly to the stars to bend
From their pale thrones and comfort him, but they
Among themselves laugh on and sing alway:
And then the man whom Sorrow named his friend
Cried out, Dim sea, hear my most piteous story!
The sea swept on and cried her old cry still,
Rolling along in dreams from hill to hill.
He fled the persecution of her glory
And, in a far-off, gentle valley stopping,
Cried all his story to the dewdrops glistening.
But naught they heard, for they are always listening,
The dewdrops, for the sound of their own dropping.
And then the man whom Sorrow named his friend
Sought once again the shore, and found a shell,
And thought, I will my heavy story tell
Till my own words, re-echoing, shall send
Their sadness through a hollow, pearly heart;
And my own tale again for me shall sing,
And my own whispering words be comforting,
And lo! my ancient burden may depart.
Then he sang softly nigh the pearly rim;
But the sad dweller by the sea-ways lone
Changed all he sang to inarticulate moan
Among her wildering whirls, forgetting him.
Entity indoor settings: ['Gleaming', 'Hill', 'Valley', 'Shore', 'Home (mentioned in the line', 'Valley (mentioned again in the', 'Home (mentioned in the line', 'Shell (mentioned in the line']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Beach', 'Sand', 'Hills', 'Valley', 'Sea', 'Shore', 'Valley', 'Ocean', 'Coast', 'Beach']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When that I was and a little tiny boy,
    With hey, ho, the wind and the rain,
A foolish thing was but a toy,
    For the rain it raineth every day.

But when I came to mans estate,
    With hey, ho, the wind and the rain,
Gainst knaves and thieves men shut their gate,
    For the rain it raineth every day.

But when I came, alas! to wive,
    With hey, ho, the wind and the rain,
By swaggering could I never thrive,
    For the rain it raineth every day.

But when I came unto my beds,
    With hey, ho, the wind and the rain,
With toss-pots still had drunken heads,
    For the rain it raineth every day.

A great while ago the world begun,
    With hey, ho, the wind and the rain,
But thats all one, our play is done,
    And well strive to please you every day.
Entity indoor settings: ['House', 'Estate', 'Home', 'Bed', 'Room', 'Bedroom', 'Chamber', 'Cottage', "Wife's bed", 'Beds']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Fields', 'Estate', 'Gate', 'Beds', 'Rain']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Archibald MacLeish, The Rock in the Sea from Collected Poems 1917-1982. Copyright  1985 by The Estate of Archibald MacLeish. Reprinted with the permission of Houghton Mifflin Company. All rights reserved.
Entity indoor settings: ['Home', 'Sea', 'Room']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Sea', 'Rock', 'Beach', 'Coast']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Strephon kissed me in the spring,
Robin in the fall,
But Colin only looked at me
And never kissed at all.

Strephon's kiss was lost in jest,
Robin's lost in play,
But the kiss in Colin's eyes
Haunts me night and day.
Entity indoor settings: ['Spring', 'Fall', 'Home (mentioned in the phrase', 'Play (mentioned in the phrase', 'Eyes (mentioned in the phrase']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Spring', 'Fall', 'Play']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Not mine own fears, nor the prophetic soul
Of the wide world dreaming on things to come,
Can yet the lease of my true love control,
Suppos'd as forfeit to a confin'd doom.
The mortal moon hath her eclipse endur'd
And the sad augurs mock their own presage;
Incertainties now crown themselves assur'd
And peace proclaims olives of endless age.
Now with the drops of this most balmy time
My love looks fresh, and Death to me subscribes,
Since, spite of him, I'll live in this poor rhyme,
While he insults o'er dull and speechless tribes;
And thou in this shalt find thy monument,
When tyrants' crests and tombs of brass are spent.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Home', 'Doom', 'Moon', 'Tomb']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Wide world', 'Moon', 'Night', 'Fields', 'Mountains', 'Sea', 'Olive groves', 'Tombs']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Only the wanderer
   Knows England's graces,
Or can anew see clear
   Familiar faces.

And who loves joy as he
   That dwells in shadows?
Do not forget me quite,
   O Severn meadows.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Shadows', 'Meadows']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Woods', 'Meadows', 'Shadows', 'River (Severn)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Desolate and lone
All night long on the lake
Where fog trails and mist creeps,
The whistle of a boat
Calls and cries unendingly,
Like some lost child
In tears and trouble
Hunting the harbor's breast
And the harbor's eyes.
Entity indoor settings: ['House', 'Boat', 'Harbor']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Lake', 'Fog', 'Mist', 'Boat', 'Harbor']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Bilbea, I was in Babylon on Saturday night.
I saw nothing of you anywhere.
I was at the old place and the other girls were there,
But no Bilbea.

Have you gone to another house? or city?
Why dont you write?
I was sorry. I walked home half-sick.

Tell me how it goes.
Send me some kind of a letter.
And take care of yourself.
Entity indoor settings: ['Babylon', 'Old place', 'House', 'City']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Babylon', 'old place', 'other girls were there']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'That time of year thou mayst in me behold
When yellow leaves, or none, or few, do hang
Upon those boughs which shake against the cold,
Bare ruin'd choirs, where late the sweet birds sang.
In me thou see'st the twilight of such day
As after sunset fadeth in the west,
Which by and by black night doth take away,
Death's second self, that seals up all in rest.
In me thou see'st the glowing of such fire
That on the ashes of his youth doth lie,
As the death-bed whereon it must expire,
Consum'd with that which it was nourish'd by.
This thou perceiv'st, which makes thy love more strong,
To love that well which thou must leave ere long.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Bed', 'Fireplace', 'Fire (as a source of', 'Ashes', 'Deathbed']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Woods', 'Boughs', 'Trees', 'Sky', 'West', 'Night', 'Fire', 'Ashes', 'Deathbed']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'From you have I been absent in the spring,
When proud-pied April, dressed in all his trim,
Hath put a spirit of youth in everything,
That heavy Saturn laughed and leaped with him.
Yet nor the lays of birds, nor the sweet smell
Of different flowers in odour and in hue,
Could make me any summers story tell,
Or from their proud lap pluck them where they grew:
Nor did I wonder at the lilys white,
Nor praise the deep vermilion in the rose;
They were but sweet, but figures of delight
Drawn after you,  you pattern of all those.
    Yet seemd it winter still, and, you away,
    As with your shadow I with these did play.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Lap', 'Garden']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Spring', 'Summer', 'Garden', 'Field', 'Lap', 'Woods', 'Play']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Out in the sky the great dark clouds are massing;
I look far out into the pregnant night,
Where I can hear a solemn booming gun
And catch the gleaming of a random light,
That tells me that the ship I seek is passing, passing.

My tearful eyes my soul's deep hurt are glassing;
For I would hail and check that ship of ships.
I stretch my hands imploring, cry aloud,
My voice falls dead a foot from mine own lips,
And but its ghost doth reach that vessel, passing, passing.

O Earth, O Sky, O Ocean, both surpassing,
O heart of mine, O soul that dreads the dark!
Is there no hope for me? Is there no way
That I may sight and check that speeding bark
Which out of sight and sound is passing, passing?
Entity indoor settings: ['Night', 'Room', 'Ship (mentioned in the last']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Sky', 'Night', 'Ocean', 'Sea', 'Ship (mentioned multiple times)', 'Bark (mentioned multiple times)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I have built a house in the middle of the Ocean
Its windows are the rivers flowing from my eyes
Octopi are crawling all over where the walls are
Hear their triple hearts beat and their beaks peck against the windowpanes

House of dampness
House of burning
Seasons fastness
Season singing
The airplanes are laying eggs
Watch out for the dropping of the anchor

Watch out for the shooting black ichor
It would be good if you were to come from the sky
The skys honeysuckle is climbing
The earthly octopi are throbbing
And so very many of us have become our own gravediggers
Pale octopi of the chalky waves O octopi with pale beaks
Around the house is this ocean that you know well
  And is never still


Translated from the French
Entity indoor settings: ['House', 'Ocean', 'Windows', 'Walls', 'Room', 'House', 'Inside', 'InteriorThese are the only instances']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Ocean', 'River', 'Beach', 'Sky', 'Waves', 'Chalky waves', 'Earth', 'Season', 'Sky', 'House (mentioned multiple times)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'My love looks like a girl to-night,
      But she is old.
The plaits that lie along her pillow
      Are not gold,
But threaded with filigree silver,
      And uncanny cold.

She looks like a young maiden, since her brow
      Is smooth and fair,
Her cheeks are very smooth, her eyes are closed.
      She sleeps a rare
Still winsome sleep, so still, and so composed.

Nay, but she sleeps like a bride, and dreams her dreams
      Of perfect things.
She lies at last, the darling, in the shape of her dream,
      And her dead mouth sings
By its shape, like the thrushes in clear evenings.
Entity indoor settings: ['Bedroom', 'Pillow', 'Night', 'Dreams', 'Sleep']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Night', 'Pillow', 'Field (mentioned in the line', 'Evening (mentioned in the line']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Not in that wasted garden
Where bodies are drawn into grass
That feeds no flocks, and into evergreens
That bear no fruit 
There where along the shaded walks
Vain sighs are heard,
And vainer dreams are dreamed
Of close communion with departed souls 
But here under the apple tree
I loved and watched and pruned
With gnarled hands
In the long, long years;
Here under the roots of this northern-spy
To move in the chemic change and circle of life,
Into the soil and into the flesh of the tree,
And into the living epitaphs
Of redder apples!
Entity indoor settings: ['House', 'Garden', 'Walks', 'Room (mentioned in the line', 'Tree (mentioned in the line']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Garden', 'Grass', 'Evergreens', 'Shaded walks', 'Apple tree']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'It is most true, that eyes are formed to serve
The inward light; and that the heavenly part
Ought to be king, from whose rules who do swerve,
Rebels to Nature, strive for their own smart.
    It is most true, what we call Cupids dart,
An image is, which for ourselves we carve;
And, fools, adore in temple of our heart,
Till that good god make Church and churchman starve.
    True, that true beauty virtue is indeed,
Whereof this beauty can be but a shade,
Which elements with mortal mixture breed;
True, that on earth we are but pilgrims made,
    And should in soul up to our country move;
True; and yet true, that I must Stella love.
Entity indoor settings: ['Temple', 'Heart', 'Church']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Heaven', 'Earth', 'Temple', 'Country']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Come live with me and be my love,
And we will all the pleasures prove,
That Valleys, groves, hills, and fields,
Woods, or steepy mountain yields.

And we will sit upon the Rocks,
Seeing the Shepherds feed their flocks,
By shallow Rivers to whose falls
Melodious birds sing Madrigals.

And I will make thee beds of Roses
And a thousand fragrant posies,
A cap of flowers, and a kirtle
Embroidered all with leaves of Myrtle;

A gown made of the finest wool
Which from our pretty Lambs we pull;
Fair lined slippers for the cold,
With buckles of the purest gold;

A belt of straw and Ivy buds,
With Coral clasps and Amber studs:
And if these pleasures may thee move,
Come live with me, and be my love.

The Shepherds Swains shall dance and sing
For thy delight each May-morning:
If these delights thy mind may move,
Then live with me, and be my love.
Entity indoor settings: ['Rocks', 'Shallow rivers', 'Cottage', 'Beds of roses', 'Kirtle', 'Embroidered clothing (made of leaves', 'Gown made of wool (from', 'Fair lined slippers', 'Chamber (with buckles of gold)', 'Belt of straw and ivy', 'Room (with coral clasps and']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Valleys', 'Groves', 'Hills', 'Fields', 'Woods', 'Steepy mountain', 'Rocks', 'Shallow rivers', 'Falls', 'Mountains', 'Valleys', 'Hills', 'Fields', 'Woods', 'Steepy mountainI hope this helps!']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Love is a sickness full of woes,
All remedies refusing;
A plant that with most cutting grows,
Most barren with best using.
Why so?
More we enjoy it, more it dies;
If not enjoyed, it sighting cries,
Heigh ho!

Love is a torment of the mind,
A tempest everlasting;
And Jove hath made it of a kind
Not well, not full, nor fasting.
Why so?
More we enjoy it, more it dies;
If not enjoyed, it sighing cries,
Heigh ho!
Entity indoor settings: ['Some of these settings are']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Some of these settings are']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When forty winters shall besiege thy brow
And dig deep trenches in thy beautys field,
Thy youths proud livery, so gazed on now,
Will be a tattered weed, of small worth held.
Then being asked where all thy beauty lies
Where all the treasure of thy lusty days
To say within thine own deep-sunken eyes
Were an all-eating shame and thriftless praise.
How much more praise deserved thy beautys use 
If thou couldst answer "This fair child of mine
Shall sum my count and make my old excuse", 
Proving his beauty by succession thine.
    This were to be new made when thou art old,
    And see thy blood warm when thou feelst it cold.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Field', 'Bed', 'Trench', 'Eyes']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Field', 'Winter', 'Brow', 'Days']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Sir Charles into my chamber coming in,
When I was writing of my Fairy Queen;
I praysaid hewhen Queen Mab you do see
Present my service to her Majesty:
And tell her I have heard Fame's loud report
Both of her beauty and her stately court.
When I Queen Mab within my fancy viewed,
My thoughts bowed low, fearing I should be rude;
Kissing her garment thin which fancy made,
I knelt upon a thought, like one that prayed;
And then, in whispers soft, I did present
His humble service which in mirth was sent;
Thus by imagination I have been
In Fairy court and seen the Fairy Queen.
Entity indoor settings: ['Chamber', "Queen Mab's court", 'Fancy', 'Thought', 'Garment']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Chamber', 'Court', 'Field', 'Forest', 'Garden', 'Meadow', 'Park', 'Wood']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Mina Loy, The Song of the Nightingale is Like the Scent of Syringa from Lunar Baedeker and Times-Tables (Highlands, NC: Jonathan Williams Publisher, 1958). Copyright 1958 by Mina Loy. Reprinted with the permission of Roger L. Conover for the Estate of Mina Loy.
Entity indoor settings: ['Highlands, NC', 'Jonathan Williams Publisher', 'Lunar Baedeker', 'Times-Tables']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Highlands, NC', 'Lunar', 'Times-Tables']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Wine comes in at the mouth
And love comes in at the eye;
Thats all we shall know for truth
Before we grow old and die.
I lift the glass to my mouth,
I look at you, and I sigh.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Eye', 'Mouth']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Wine comes in at the', 'Eye', 'Die']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Hart Crane, At Melvilles Tomb from The Complete Poems of Hart Crane by Hart Crane, edited by Marc SImon. Copyright  1933, 1958, 1966 by Liveright Publishing Corporation. Copyright  1986 by Marc Simon. Used by permission of Liveright Publishing.
Entity indoor settings: ['Tomb', 'Library']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Tomb', 'Sea', 'Beach', 'Cliffs', 'Woods']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'in Just-
spring          when the world is mud-
luscious the little
lame balloonman

whistles          far          and wee

and eddieandbill come
running from marbles and
piracies and it's
spring

when the world is puddle-wonderful

the queer
old balloonman whistles
far          and             wee
and bettyandisbel come dancing

from hop-scotch and jump-rope and

it's
spring
and

         the

                  goat-footed

balloonMan          whistles
far
and
wee
Entity indoor settings: ['Spring', 'House', 'Room', "Balloonman's workshop", 'Indoor playground (hinted at in', 'Home (mentioned in the line', 'Bedroom (mentioned in the line', 'Living room (mentioned in the', 'Workshop (mentioned in the line', "Goat-footed balloonman's workshop (mentioned in"]
Entity outdoor settings: ['Spring', 'Mud', 'Field', 'Far', 'Puddle', 'Woods', 'Hills', 'Garden', 'Park', 'Beach', 'Mountains', 'Valley', 'Stream', 'River', 'LakeI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When by thy scorn, O murd'ress, I am dead
         And that thou think'st thee free
From all solicitation from me,
Then shall my ghost come to thy bed,
And thee, feign'd vestal, in worse arms shall see;
Then thy sick taper will begin to wink,
And he, whose thou art then, being tir'd before,
Will, if thou stir, or pinch to wake him, think
         Thou call'st for more,
And in false sleep will from thee shrink;
And then, poor aspen wretch, neglected thou
Bath'd in a cold quicksilver sweat wilt lie
         A verier ghost than I.
What I will say, I will not tell thee now,
Lest that preserve thee; and since my love is spent,
I'had rather thou shouldst painfully repent,
Than by my threat'nings rest still innocent.
Entity indoor settings: ['Bed', 'Room', 'Bedroom', 'Chamber', 'Home', 'House', 'Inside', 'Indoors']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Bed', 'Night', 'Wilderness', 'Forest', 'Mountains', 'Quick silver (a metaphorical reference']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I went out at night alone;
 The young blood flowing beyond the sea
Seemed to have drenched my spirits wings
 I bore my sorrow heavily.

But when I lifted up my head
 From shadows shaken on the snow,
I saw Orion in the east
 Burn steadily as long ago.

From windows in my fathers house,
 Dreaming my dreams on winter nights,
I watched Orion as a girl
 Above another citys lights.

Years go, dreams go, and youth goes too,
 The worlds heart breaks beneath its wars,
All things are changed, save in the east
 The faithful beauty of the stars.
Entity indoor settings: ['House', 'Room', 'Window', "Father's house"]
Entity outdoor settings: ['Night', 'Sea', 'Snow', 'East', 'Sky', 'Mountains (mentioned in the line', 'Windows', 'House', 'Fields (mentioned in the line', 'City (mentioned in the line']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'In that proud port, which her so goodly graceth,
Whiles her faire face she reares up to the skie:
And to the ground her eie lids low embaseth
Most goodly temperature ye may descry,
Myld humblesse mixt with awfull majesty,
For looking on the earth whence she was borne:
Her minde remembreth her mortalitie,
What so is fayrest shall to earth returne.
But that same lofty countenance seemes to scorne
Base thing, and thinke how she to heaven may clime:
Treading downe earth as lothsome and forlorne,
That hinders heavenly thoughts with drossy slime.
Yet lowly still vouchsafe to looke on me,
Such lowlinesse shall make you lofty be.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Skies', 'Earth', 'Heaven']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Port', 'Sky', 'Ground', 'Earth', 'Heaven', 'Clime', 'Field', 'Mountain', 'Valley', 'RiverI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Tis true, tis day, what though it be?
O wilt thou therefore rise from me?
Why should we rise because tis light?
Did we lie down because twas night?
Love, which in spite of darkness brought us hither,
Should in despite of light keep us together.

Light hath no tongue, but is all eye;
If it could speak as well as spy,
This were the worst that it could say,
That being well I fain would stay,
And that I loved my heart and honour so,
That I would not from him, that had them, go.

Must business thee from hence remove?
Oh, thats the worst disease of love,
The poor, the foul, the false, love can
Admit, but not the busied man.
He which hath business, and makes love, doth do
Such wrong, as when a married man doth woo.
Entity indoor settings: ['Room', 'Night', 'Darkness', 'House', 'Home', 'Interior', 'Indoors', 'Inside']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Day', 'Night', 'Light', 'Darkness', 'Night']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'He's gone, and all our plans
   Are useless indeed.
We'll walk no more on Cotswold
   Where the sheep feed
   Quietly and take no heed.
 
His body that was so quick
   Is not as you
Knew it, on Severn river
   Under the blue
   Driving our small boat through.
 
You would not know him now ...
   But still he died
Nobly, so cover him over
   With violets of pride
   Purple from Severn side.
 
Cover him, cover him soon!
   And with thick-set
Masses of memoried flowers
   Hide that red wet
   Thing I must somehow forget.
Entity indoor settings: ['House', 'River (Severn)', 'Boat', 'Grave (mentioned in the final']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Cotswold', 'Severn river', 'Severn side', 'Woods', 'Fields', 'Riverbank', 'Boat', 'Violets', 'Flowers']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Lyke as the Culver on the bared bough,
Sits mourning for the absence of her mate:
And in her songs sends many a wishfull vow,
For his returne that seemes to linger late,
So I alone now left disconsolate,
Mourne to my selfe the absence of my love:
And wandring here and there all desolate,
Seek with my playnts to match that mournful dove:
Ne joy of ought that under heaven doth hove,
Can comfort me, but her owne joyous sight:
Whose sweet aspect both God and man can move,
In her unspotted pleasauns to delight.
Dark is my day, whyles her fayre light I mis,
And dead my life that wants such lively blis.
Entity indoor settings: ['Bough', 'Room', 'House', 'Home', 'Cottage', 'Pleasauns (a possible indoor setting,']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Woods', 'Bough', 'Bare', 'Sky', 'Fields', 'Pleasauns', 'Hills', 'Valleys', 'Streams', 'Mountains']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I might!unhappy wordO me, I might,
And then would not, or could not, see my bliss;
Till now wrapt in a most infernal night,
I find how heav'nly day, wretch! I did miss.
Heart, rend thyself, thou dost thyself but right;
No lovely Paris made thy Helen his,
No force, no fraud robb'd thee of thy delight,
Nor Fortune of thy fortune author is;
But to myself myself did give the blow,
While too much wit, forsooth, so troubled me
That I respects for both our sakes must show:
And yet could not by rising morn foresee
How fair a day was near: O punish'd eyes,
That I had been more foolish,or more wise!
Entity indoor settings: ['Night', 'Room', 'House', 'Home', 'Bedroom', 'Bed', 'Nighttime', 'DarknessI hope this helps! Let']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Night', 'Day', 'Morning']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Where the bee sucks, there suck I:
In a cowslips bell I lie;
There I couch when owls do cry.
On the bats back I do fly
After summer merrily.   
Merrily, merrily shall I live now
Under the blossom that hangs on the bough.
Entity indoor settings: ['Bell', 'Couch', 'Bats back', 'Bough']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Field', 'Woods', 'Meadow', 'Stream', 'Hill', 'Sky', 'Night', 'Garden', 'Tree', 'Bough']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When I remember plain heroic strength
And shining virtue shown by Ypres pools,
Then read the blither written by knaves for fools
In praise of English soldiers lying at length,
Who purely dream what England shall be made
Gloriously new, free of the old stains
By us, who pay the price that must be paid,
Will freeze all winter over Ypres plains.
Our silly dreams of peace you put aside
And brotherhood of man, for you will see
An armed mistress, braggart of the tide,
Her children slaves, under your mastery.
We'll have a word there too, and forge a knife,
Will cut the cancer threatens England's life.
Entity indoor settings: ['Ypres pools', 'Ypres plains']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Ypres plains', 'Ypres pools', 'England', 'Winter']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I have sat here happy in the gardens,
Watching the still pool and the reeds
And the dark clouds
Which the wind of the upper air
Tore like the green leafy boughs
Of the divers-hued trees of late summer;
But though I greatly delight
In these and the water-lilies,
That which sets me nighest to weeping
Is the rose and white color of the smooth flag-stones,
And the pale yellow grasses
Among them.
Entity indoor settings: ['Gardens', 'Pool', 'Reeds', 'Dark clouds', 'Upper air', 'House (mentioned in the context', 'Room (mentioned in the context', 'Flagstones', 'Grasses']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Gardens', 'Pool', 'Reeds', 'Clouds', 'Upper air', 'Trees', 'Late summer', 'Flag-stones', 'Grasses']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'But love whilst that thou mayst be loved again,
Now whilst thy May hath filed thy lap with flowers,
Now whilst thy beauty bears without a stain,
Now use the summer smiles, ere winter lowers.
And whilst thou spreadst unto the rising sun
The fairest flower that ever saw the light,
Now joy thy time before thy sweet be done,
And, Delia, think thy morning must have night,
And that thy brightness sets at length to west,
When thou wilt close up that which now thou shewst;
And think the same becomes they fading best
Which then shall most inveil and shadow most.
Men do not weigh the stalk for what it was,
When once they find her flower, her glory, pass.
Entity indoor settings: ['Lap', 'Room', 'Sun', 'West']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Field', 'Garden', 'Sun', 'Morning', 'West', 'Evening', 'Night', 'Woods', 'Flowers', 'Sunset']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of indoor settings. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'He's gone, and all our plans
   Are useless indeed.
We'll walk no more on Cotswold
   Where the sheep feed
   Quietly and take no heed.
 
His body that was so quick
   Is not as you
Knew it, on Severn river
   Under the blue
   Driving our small boat through.
 
You would not know him now ...
   But still he died
Nobly, so cover him over
   With violets of pride
   Purple from Severn side.
 
Cover him, cover him soon!
   And with thick-set
Masses of memoried flowers
   Hide that red wet
   Thing I must somehow forget.
Entity indoor settings: ['House', 'River (Severn)', 'Boat', 'Grave (mentioned in the final']
Entity outdoor settings: ['Cotswold', 'Severn river', 'Severn side', 'Woods', 'Fields', 'Riverbank', 'Boat', 'Violets', 'Flowers']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The motion of gathering loops of water
Must either burst or remain in a moment.
The violet colors through the glass
Throw up little swellings that appear
And spatter as soon as another strikes
And is born; so pure are they of colored
Hues, that we feel the absent strength
Of its power. When they begin they gather
Like sand on the beach: each bubble
Contains a complete eye of water.
Entity physical actions: ['Gathering', 'Burst', 'Throw', 'Spatter', 'Gather', 'Begin', 'Contains']
Entity mental actions: ['Gathering', 'Burst', 'Remain', 'Throw', 'Spatter', 'Born', 'Begin', 'Gather']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Let those who are in favour with their stars
Of public honour and proud titles boast,
Whilst I, whom fortune of such triumph bars,
Unlook'd for joy in that I honour most.
Great princes' favourites their fair leaves spread
But as the marigold at the sun's eye,
And in themselves their pride lies buried,
For at a frown they in their glory die.
The painful warrior famoused for fight,
After a thousand victories once foil'd,
Is from the book of honour razed quite,
And all the rest forgot for which he toil'd:
Then happy I, that love and am beloved
Where I may not remove nor be removed.
Entity physical actions: ['boast', 'spread', 'glory die', 'fight', 'foild', 'remove', 'be removed']
Entity mental actions: ['think', 'boast', 'glory', 'pride', 'remember', 'forget', 'love', 'be beloved']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Maurice, weep not, I am not here under this pine tree.
The balmy air of spring whispers through the sweet grass,
The stars sparkle, the whippoorwill calls,
But thou grievest, while my soul lies rapturous
In the blest Nirvana of eternal light!
Go to the good heart that is my husband,
Who broods upon what he calls our guilty love: i
Tell him that my love for you, no less than my love for him
Wrought out my destiny i that through the flesh
I won spirit, and through spirit, peace.
There is no marriage in heaven,
But there is love.
Entity physical actions: ['Weep', 'Whispers', 'Calls', 'Grieves', 'Broods', 'Loves', 'Wrought', 'Won', 'Peace']
Entity mental actions: ['Weep', 'Grieve', 'Brood', 'Call', 'Love', 'Wrought', 'Think', 'Call', 'Know', 'Guess']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The trade-wind jingles the rings in the nets around the racks by the docks on Indian River.
It is the same jingle of the water among roots under the banks of the palmettoes,
It is the same jingle of the red-bird breasting the orange-treesout of the cedars.
Yet there is no spring in Florida, neither in boskage perdu, nor on the nunnery beaches.
Entity physical actions: ['Jingles', 'Rings', 'Racks', 'Docks', 'Water', 'Roots', 'Banks', 'Palmettoes', 'Breasting', 'Orange-trees', 'Cedars', 'Nunnery beaches']
Entity mental actions: ['Thinking', 'Jingling', 'Breasting', 'Birding']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Why didst thou promise such a beauteous day,
And make me travel forth without my cloak,
To let base clouds oertake me in my way,
Hiding thy bravery in their rotten smoke?
Tis not enough that through the cloud thou break,
To dry the rain on my storm-beaten face,
For no man well of such a salve can speak
That heals the wound and cures not the disgrace:
Nor can thy shame give physic to my grief;
Though thou repent, yet I have still the loss:
The offenders sorrow lends but weak relief
To him that bears the strong offences cross.
   Ah! but those tears are pearl which thy love sheds,
   And they are rich and ransom all ill deeds.
Entity physical actions: ['Travel', 'Break', 'Dry', 'Cure', 'Repent', 'Bear', 'Lend', 'Shed', 'Weep', 'Ransom']
Entity mental actions: ['Promised', 'Travel', 'Make', 'Hiding', 'Break', 'Dry', 'Speak', 'Repent', 'Bear', 'Lend', 'Give', 'Shed', 'Ransom']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'They came to tell your faults to me,
They named them over one by one;
I laughed aloud when they were done,
I knew them all so well before, 
Oh, they were blind, too blind to see
Your faults had made me love you more.
Entity physical actions: ['came', 'named', 'laughed', 'knew', 'saw']
Entity mental actions: ['thought', 'named', 'laughed', 'knew', 'saw', 'loved']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Here take my picture; though I bid farewell
Thine, in my heart, where my soul dwells, shall dwell.
'Tis like me now, but I dead, 'twill be more
When we are shadows both, than 'twas before.
When weather-beaten I come back, my hand
Perhaps with rude oars torn, or sun beams tann'd,
My face and breast of haircloth, and my head
With care's rash sudden storms being o'erspread,
My body'a sack of bones, broken within,
And powder's blue stains scatter'd on my skin;
If rival fools tax thee to'have lov'd a man
So foul and coarse as, oh, I may seem then,
This shall say what I was, and thou shalt say,
"Do his hurts reach me? doth my worth decay?
Or do they reach his judging mind, that he
Should now love less, what he did love to see?
That which in him was fair and delicate,
Was but the milk which in love's childish state
Did nurse it; who now is grown strong enough
To feed on that, which to disus'd tastes seems tough."
Entity physical actions: ['took', 'bids', 'dwells', 'dead', 'come', 'torn', 'tan', 'spread', 'broken', 'scattered', 'tax', 'lovd', 'reach', 'decay', 'judging', 'nurse', 'grown', 'feedI hope this helps! Let']
Entity mental actions: ['thought', 'bid', 'dwell', 'dead', 'farewell', 'shall', 'more', 'like', 'come', 'back', 'torn', 'tan', 'spread', 'broken', 'blue', 'stains', 'seem', 'foul', 'coarse', 'decay', 'reach', 'mind', 'love', 'childish', 'strong', 'feedI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When the first dark had fallen around them
And the leaves were weary of praise,
In the clear silence Beauty found them
And shewed them all her ways.

In the high noon of the heavenly garden
Where the angels sunned with the birds,
Beauty, before their hearts could harden,
Had taught them heavenly words.

When they fled in the burning weather
And nothing dawned but a dream,
Beauty fasted their hands together
And cooled them at her stream.

And when day wearied and night grew stronger,
And they slept as the beautiful must,
Then she bided a little longer,
And blossomed from their dust.
Entity physical actions: ['walked', 'praised', 'found', 'taught', 'fasted', 'cooled', 'slept', 'bided', 'blossomed']
Entity mental actions: ['thought', 'learned', 'taught', 'dreamed', 'fasted', 'cooled', 'bided', 'blossomed']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Look in thy glass and tell the face thou viewest,
Now is the time that face should form another,
Whose fresh repair if now thou not renewest,
Thou dost beguile the world, unbless some mother.
For where is she so fair whose uneared womb
Disdains the tillage of thy husbandry?
Or who is he so fond will be the tomb
Of his self-love, to stop posterity?
Thou art thy mothers glass, and she in thee
Calls back the lovely April of her prime;
So thou through windows of thine age shalt see,
Despite of wrinkles, this thy golden time.
    But if thou live remembred not to be,
    Die single, and thine image dies with thee.
Entity physical actions: ['Look', 'Views', 'Renew', 'Beguile', 'Bless', 'Disdains', 'Tillage', 'Husbandry', 'Stop', 'See', 'Live', 'Remembered', 'Die']
Entity mental actions: ['Look', 'View', 'Renew', 'Beguile', 'Disdain', 'Love', 'Stop', 'See', 'Remember', 'Die']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The buffaloes are gone.
And those who saw the buffaloes are gone.
Those who saw the buffaloes by thousands and how they pawed the prairie sod into dust with their hoofs, their great heads down pawing on in a great pageant of dusk,
Those who saw the buffaloes are gone.
And the buffaloes are gone.
Entity physical actions: ['pawed', 'down pawing', 'gone']
Entity mental actions: ['saw', 'pawed', 'down pawing', 'gone']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'My love looks like a girl to-night,
      But she is old.
The plaits that lie along her pillow
      Are not gold,
But threaded with filigree silver,
      And uncanny cold.

She looks like a young maiden, since her brow
      Is smooth and fair,
Her cheeks are very smooth, her eyes are closed.
      She sleeps a rare
Still winsome sleep, so still, and so composed.

Nay, but she sleeps like a bride, and dreams her dreams
      Of perfect things.
She lies at last, the darling, in the shape of her dream,
      And her dead mouth sings
By its shape, like the thrushes in clear evenings.
Entity physical actions: ['looks', 'lies', 'sleeps', 'dreams', 'sings']
Entity mental actions: ['looks', 'is', 'lies', 'dreams', 'sings']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Barque of phosphor
On the palmy beach,
 
Move outward into heaven,
Into the alabasters
And night blues.
 
Foam and cloud are one.
Sultry moon-monsters
Are dissolving.
 
Fill your black hull
With white moonlight.
 
There will never be an end
To this droning of the surf.
Entity physical actions: ['Move', 'Outward', 'Into', 'Dissolving', 'Fill', 'End']
Entity mental actions: ['Think', 'Move', 'Look', 'Feel', 'Dissolve', 'Fill', 'End']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Lucks, my fair falcon, and your fellows all,
   How well pleasant it were your liberty!
Ye not forsake me that fair might ye befall.
But they that sometime liked my company:
Like lice away from dead bodies they crawl.
Lo what a proof in light adversity!
But ye my birds, I swear by all your bells,
Ye be my friends, and so be but few else.
Entity physical actions: ['Crawl', 'Fell', 'Like', 'Liked', 'Forsake', 'Be', 'Swear', 'Bells']
Entity mental actions: ['Liked', 'Liked', 'Forsake', 'Crawl', 'Swear', 'Be']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Drink to me only with thine eyes,
         And I will pledge with mine;
Or leave a kiss but in the cup,
         And Ill not look for wine.
The thirst that from the soul doth rise
         Doth ask a drink divine;
But might I of Joves nectar sup,
         I would not change for thine.

I sent thee late a rosy wreath,
         Not so much honouring thee
As giving it a hope, that there
         It could not withered be.
But thou thereon didst only breathe,
         And sentst it back to me;
Since when it grows, and smells, I swear,
         Not of itself, but thee.
Entity physical actions: ['Drink', 'Pledge', 'Leave a kiss', 'Sup', 'Give', 'Breathe', 'Send', 'Brew']
Entity mental actions: ['Drink', 'Pledge', 'Leave', 'Look', 'Ask', 'Sup', 'Change', 'Hope', 'Breathe', 'Send', 'Swear']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'My bands of silk and miniver
Momently grew heavier;
The black gauze was beggarly thin;
The ermine muffled mouth and chin;
I could not suck the moonlight in.

Harlequin in lozenges
Of love and hate, I walked in these
Striped and ragged rigmaroles;
Along the pavement my footsoles
Trod warily on living coals.

Shouldering the thoughts I loathed,
In their corrupt disguises clothed,
Morality I could not tear
From my ribs, to leave them bare
Ivory in silver air.

There I walked, and there I raged;
The spiritual savage caged
Within my skeleton, raged afresh
To feel, behind a carnal mesh,
The clean bones crying in the flesh.
Entity physical actions: ['grew', 'beggarly', 'muffled', 'suck', 'walked', 'trod', 'shouldering', 'clothed', 'raged', 'caged', 'raged', 'cried']
Entity mental actions: ['grew', 'could not', 'loathed', 'clothed', 'raged', 'raged afresh', 'criedThese are the mental actions']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When she rises in the morning
I linger to watch her;
She spreads the bath-cloth underneath the window
And the sunbeams catch her
Glistening white on the shoulders,
While down her sides the mellow
Golden shadow glows as
She stoops to the sponge, and her swung breasts
Sway like full-blown yellow
Gloire de Dijon roses.

She drips herself with water, and her shoulders
Glisten as silver, they crumple up
Like wet and falling roses, and I listen
For the sluicing of their rain-dishevelled petals.
In the window full of sunlight
Concentrates her golden shadow
Fold on fold, until it glows as
Mellow as the glory roses.
Entity physical actions: ['Rises', 'Spreads', 'Stoops', 'Drips', 'Listens', 'Crumple', 'SluiceThese are the physical actions']
Entity mental actions: ['Watches', 'Spreads', 'Stoops', 'Listens', 'Drips', 'Crumple', 'Concentrates', 'Glows']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Love like a jugler, comes to play his prise,
    And all minds draw his wonders to admire,
    To see how cuningly hee, wanting eyes,
    Can yett deseave the best sight of desire:

 The wanton child, how hee can faine his fire
    So pretely, as none sees his disguise!
    How finely doe his tricks, while wee fooles hire
    The badge, and office of his tirannies,

For in the end, such jugling hee doth make
    As hee our harts, in stead of eyes doth take
    For men can only by theyr slieghts abuse

The sight with nimble, and delightful skill;
    Butt if hee play, his gaine is our lost will:
    Yett childlike, wee can nott his sports refuse.
Entity physical actions: ['comes to play', 'draw his wonders', 'wanting eyes', 'can yett deseave', 'faine his fire', 'pretely', 'fooles hire', 'make', 'take', 'abuse', 'nimble', 'delightful', 'play', 'gain', 'refuse']
Entity mental actions: ['admire', 'desire', 'want', 'fooles', 'abuse', 'refuse']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The heart and service to you proffer'd
With right good will full honestly,
Refuse it not, since it is offer'd,
But take it to you gentlely.

And though it be a small present,
Yet good, consider graciously
The thought, the mind, and the intent
Of him that loves you faithfully.

It were a thing of small effect
To work my woe thus cruelly,
For my good will to be abject:
Therefore accept it lovingly.

Pain or travel, to run or ride,
I undertake it pleasantly;
Bid ye me go, and straight I glide
At your commandement humbly.

Pain or pleasure, now may you plant
Even which it please you steadfastly;
Do which you list, I shall not want
To be your servant secretly.

And since so much I do desire
To be your own assuredly,
For all my service and my hire
Reward your servant liberally.
Entity physical actions: ['profferd', 'refuse', 'take', 'gentle', 'work', 'run', 'ride', 'glide', 'plant', 'want', 'serve', 'hire', 'reward']
Entity mental actions: ['will', 'mind', 'intent', 'thought', 'desire', 'list', 'hire', 'rewardThese are the mental actions']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Were you but lying cold and dead,
And lights were paling out of the West,
You would come hither, and bend your head,
And I would lay my head on your breast;
And you would murmur tender words,
Forgiving me, because you were dead:
Nor would you rise and hasten away,
Though you have the will of wild birds,
But know your hair was bound and wound
About the stars and moon and sun:
O would, beloved, that you lay
Under the dock-leaves in the ground,
While lights were paling one by one.
Entity physical actions: ['lying', 'bending', 'rising', 'hastening', 'binding', 'winding', 'laying', 'murmuring', 'forgiving', 'rising']
Entity mental actions: ['lying', 'bending', 'murmuring', 'forgiving', 'rising', 'hastening', 'binding', 'winding', 'laying', 'knowing']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When I am dead and over me bright April
Shakes out her rain-drenched hair,
Tho' you should lean above me broken-hearted,
I shall not care.

I shall have peace, as leafy trees are peaceful
When rain bends down the bough,
And I shall be more silent and cold-hearted
Than you are now.
Entity physical actions: ['Shakes', 'Lean', 'Bends', 'Lean', 'Be', 'Bend']
Entity mental actions: ['Thinks', 'Remembers', 'Feels', 'Cares', 'Shakes', 'Leans', 'Is', 'Has', 'Wills', 'Is silent', 'Is cold-hearted']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'No crooked leg, no bleared eye,
No part deformed out of kind,
Nor yet so ugly half can be
As is the inward suspicious mind.
Entity physical actions: ['Leg', 'Eye', 'Deformed', 'Kind', 'Mind']
Entity mental actions: ['Suspicious', 'Thought', 'Mind', 'Eye', 'Leg', 'Deform', 'Kind']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Long have I longd to see my love againe,
Still have I wisht, but never could obtaine it;
Rather than all the world (if I might gaine it)
Would I desire my loves sweet precious gaine.
Yet in my soule I see him everie day,
See him, and see his still sterne countenaunce,
But (ah) what is of long continuance,
Where majestie and beautie beares the sway?
Sometimes, when I imagine that I see him,
(As love is full of foolish fantasies)
Weening to kisse his lips, as my loves fees,
I feele but aire: nothing but aire to bee him.
Thus with Ixion, kisse I clouds in vaine:
Thus with Ixion, feele I endles paine.
Entity physical actions: ['longd', 'wisht', 'obtaine', 'desire', 'gaine', 'see', 'kisse', 'feele', 'kisse', 'vaine', 'paine']
Entity mental actions: ['long', 'wisht', 'obtaine', 'desire', 'see', 'imagine', 'weening', 'kisse', 'feele', 'vaine', 'paine']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Our vice runs beyond all that old men saw,
And far authentically above our laws,
And scorning virtues safe and golden mean,
Sits uncontrolled upon the high extreme.
Circes, thy monsters painted out the hue,
Of feigned filthiness, but ours is true.
Our vice puts down all proverbs and all themes,
Our vice excels all fables and all dreams.
Entity physical actions: ['runs', 'saw', 'scorning', 'painted', 'excels']
Entity mental actions: ['saw', 'scorning', 'painted', 'excels', 'puts', 'themes']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The fog comes
on little cat feet.

It sits looking
over harbor and city
on silent haunches
and then moves on.
Entity physical actions: ['comes', 'sits', 'moves']
Entity mental actions: ['looks', 'sits', 'moves']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Some may have blamed you that you took away
The verses that could move them on the day
When, the ears being deafened, the sight of the eyes blind
With lightning, you went from me, and I could find
Nothing to make a song about but kings,
Helmets, and swords, and half-forgotten things
That were like memories of youbut now
We'll out, for the world lives as long ago;
And while we're in our laughing, weeping fit,
Hurl helmets, crowns, and swords into the pit.
But, dear, cling close to me; since you were gone,
My barren thoughts have chilled me to the bone.
Entity physical actions: ['Blamed', 'Deafened', 'Blinded', 'Went', 'Hurl', 'Cling', 'Gone', 'Chilled']
Entity mental actions: ['Blamed', 'Deafened', 'Blinded', 'Remembered', 'Forgotten', 'Laughing', 'Weeping', 'Thinking', 'Chilled', 'Clinging']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Notes:
Then you shall see her truly--your blood remembering its first invasion of her secrecy, its first encounters with her kind, her chieftain lover...his shade that haunts the lakes and hills
Entity physical actions: ['Remembering', 'Encounters', 'Haunts']
Entity mental actions: ['Remembering', 'Encounters', 'Haunts']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Methought I saw the grave where Laura lay,
Within that temple where the vestal flame
Was wont to burn; and, passing by that way,
To see that buried dust of living fame,
Whose tomb fair Love, and fairer Virtue kept:
All suddenly I saw the Fairy Queen;
At whose approach the soul of Petrarch wept,
And, from thenceforth, those Graces were not seen:
For they this queen attended; in whose stead
Oblivion laid him down on Lauras hearse:
Hereat the hardest stones were seen to bleed,
And groans of buried ghosts the heavens did pierce:
Where Homers spright did tremble all for grief,
And cursed the access of that celestial thief!
Entity physical actions: ['saw', 'passed', 'wept', 'laid', 'bleed', 'groan', 'tremble', 'cursed']
Entity mental actions: ['saw', 'wept', 'wept', 'saw', 'laid', 'tremble', 'cursed']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Fishing, if I a fisher may protest,
Of pleasures is the sweetest, of sports the best,
Of exercises the most excellent.
Of recreations the most innocent.
But now the sport is marred, and what, ye, why?
Fishes decrease, and fishers multiply.
Entity physical actions: ['Fishing', 'Protesting', 'Decrease', 'Multiply']
Entity mental actions: ['Thinking', 'Protesting', 'Enjoying', 'Exercising', 'Recreating', 'Marring']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'And if I did, what then?
Are you aggrievd therefore?
The sea hath fish for every man,
And what would you have more?

   Thus did my mistress once,
Amaze my mind with doubt;
And poppd a question for the nonce
To beat my brains about.

   Whereto I thus replied:
Each fisherman can wish
That all the seas at every tide
Were his alone to fish.

   And so did I (in vain)
But since it may not be,
Let such fish there as find the gain,
And leave the loss for me.

   And with such luck and loss
I will content myself,
Till tides of turning time may toss
Such fishers on the shelf.

   And when they stick on sands,
That every man may see,
Then will I laugh and clap my hands,
As they do now at me.
Entity physical actions: ['walked', 'wished', 'replied', 'beat', 'gained', 'lost', 'found', 'stuck', 'saw', 'laughed', 'clapped']
Entity mental actions: ['aggrieved', 'doubted', 'wondered', 'replied', 'wished', 'found', 'lost', 'contented', 'tossed', 'stuckIf you have any other']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Ye old mule that think yourself so fair,
Leave off with craft your beauty to repair,
For it is true, without any fable,
No man setteth more by riding in your saddle.
Too much travail so do your train appair.
        Ye old mule
With false savour though you deceive th'air,
Whoso taste you shall well perceive your lair
Savoureth somewhat of a Kappurs stable.
        Ye old mule
Ye must now serve to market and to fair,
All for the burden, for panniers a pair.
For since gray hairs been powdered in your sable,
The thing ye seek for, you must yourself enable
To purchase it by payment and by prayer,
        Ye old mule.
Entity physical actions: ['ride', 'repair', 'deceive', 'taste', 'perceive', 'serve', 'market', 'fair', 'burden', 'carry', 'enable', 'purchase']
Entity mental actions: ['think', 'deceive', 'perceive', 'savour', 'perceive', 'enable', 'pray']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'He protested all his life long
The newspapers lied about him villainously;
That he was not at fault for Minerva's fall,
But only tried to help her.
Poor soul so sunk in sin he could not see
That even trying to help her, as he called it,
He had broken the law human and divine.
Passers by, an ancient admonition to you:
If your ways would be ways of pleasantness,
And all your pathways peace,
Love God and keep his commandments.
Entity physical actions: ['Protested', 'Lying', 'Helped', 'Sunk', 'Broke']
Entity mental actions: ['Protested', 'Lied', 'Called', 'Saw', 'Thought', 'Helped', 'Broke', 'Called it', 'Kept']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I care not for these ladies,
That must be wooed and prayed:
Give me kind Amaryllis,
The wanton country maid.
Nature art disdaineth,
Her beauty is her own.
Her when we court and kiss,
She cries, Forsooth, let go!
But when we come where comfort is,
She never will say no.

If I love Amaryllis,
She gives me fruit and flowers:
But if we love these ladies,
We must give golden showers.
Give them gold, that sell love,
Give me the nut-brown lass,
Who, when we court and kiss,
She cries, Forsooth, let go!
But when we come where comfort is,
She never will say no.

These ladies must have pillows,
And beds by strangers wrought;
Give me a bower of willows,
Of moss and leaves unbought,
And fresh Amaryllis,
With milk and honey fed;
Who, when we court and kiss,
She cries, Forsooth, let go!
But when we come where comfort is,
She never will say no.
Entity physical actions: ['kiss', 'cry', 'say', 'give', 'court', 'come', 'hold', 'give', 'take', 'say', 'goPlease note that some of']
Entity mental actions: ['cares', 'must', 'disdaineth', 'cries', 'gives', 'gives', 'say', 'say', 'fedThese are the mental actions']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Fly, fly, my friends, I have my death wound, fly!
See there that boy, that murd'ring boy, I say,
Who, like a thief, hid in dark bush doth lie
Till bloody bullet get him wrongful prey.
So tyrant he no fitter place could spy,
Nor so fair level in so secret stay,
As that sweet black which veils the heav'nly eye;
There himself with his shot he close doth lay.
Poor passenger, pass now thereby I did,
And stay'd, pleas'd with the prospect of the place,
While that black hue from me the bad guest hid;
But straight I saw motions of lightning grace
And then descried the glist'ring of his dart:
But ere I could fly thence it pierc'd my heart.
Entity physical actions: ['Fly', 'Hid', 'Lay', 'Shot', 'Dart', 'Pierced']
Entity mental actions: ['Think', 'See', 'Hide', 'Lie', 'Spy', 'Stay', 'Plead', 'Hid', 'Descried', 'Pierced']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I saw her in a Broadway car,
The woman I might grow to be;
I felt my lover look at her
And then turn suddenly to me.

Her hair was dull and drew no light
And yet its color was as mine;
Her eyes were strangely like my eyes
Tho' love had never made them shine.

Her body was a thing grown thin,
Hungry for love that never came;
Her soul was frozen in the dark
Unwarmed forever by love's flame.

I felt my lover look at her
And then turn suddenly to me, 
His eyes were magic to defy
The woman I shall never be.
Entity physical actions: ['looked', 'turned', 'felt', 'drew', 'grew', 'was', 'came', 'defy']
Entity mental actions: ['looked', 'turned', 'felt', 'thought', 'defied']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Thrice toss these oaken ashes in the air,
Thrice sit thou mute in this enchanted chair,
Then thrice three times tie up this true love's knot,
And murmur soft "She will, or she will not."

Go burn these pois'nous weeds in yon blue fire,
These screech-owl's feathers and this prickling briar,
This cypress gathered at a dead man's grave,
That all my fears and cares an end may have.

Then come, you fairies! dance with me a round;
Melt her hard heart with your melodious sound.
In vain are all the charms I can devise:
She hath an art to break them with her eyes.
Entity physical actions: ['Toss', 'Sit', 'Tie', 'Burn', 'Feathers', 'Gather', 'Dance', 'Melt', 'Devise', 'Break']
Entity mental actions: ['Think', 'Toss', 'Sit', 'Tie', 'Murmur', 'Burn', 'Gather', 'Feel', 'Devise', 'Break']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Come away, come away, death,
    And in sad cypress let me be laid.
Fly away, fly away, breath;
    I am slain by a fair cruel maid.
My shroud of white, stuck all with yew,
             O, prepare it!
My part of death, no one so true
         Did share it.

Not a flower, not a flower sweet,
    On my black coffin let there be strown.
Not a friend, not a friend greet
    My poor corpse, where my bones shall be thrown.
A thousand thousand sighs to save,
             Lay me, O, where
Sad true lover never find my grave,
             To weep there!
Entity physical actions: ['Come away', 'Fly away', 'Stuck', 'Prepare', 'Share', 'Throw', 'Lay', 'Find', 'Weep']
Entity mental actions: ['Think', 'Remember', 'Sigh', 'Weep', 'Prepare', 'Share', 'Find', 'Lay', 'Throw']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'To me, fair friend, you never can be old,
For as you were when first your eye I eyed,
Such seems your beauty still. Three winters cold
Have from the forests shook three summers pride,
Three beauteous springs to yellow autumn turned
In process of the seasons have I seen,
Three April perfumes in three hot Junes burned,
Since first I saw you fresh, which yet are green.
Ah, yet doth beauty, like a dial-hand,
Steal from his figure, and no pace perceived;
So your sweet hue, which methinks still doth stand,
Hath motion, and mine eye may be deceived:
For fear of which, hear this, thou age unbred:
Ere you were born was beautys summer dead.
Entity physical actions: ['Eyed', 'Shook', 'Turned', 'Burned', 'Perceived', 'Deceived', 'Born']
Entity mental actions: ['Eyed', 'Pride', 'Perceived', 'Deceived', 'Born', 'Dead']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Sigh no more, ladies, sigh no more.
    Men were deceivers ever,
One foot in sea, and one on shore,
    To one thing constant never.
Then sigh not so, but let them go,
    And be you blithe and bonny,
Converting all your sounds of woe
    Into hey nonny, nonny.

Sing no more ditties, sing no more
    Of dumps so dull and heavy.
The fraud of men was ever so
    Since summer first was leafy.
Then sigh not so, but let them go,
    And be you blithe and bonny,
Converting all your sounds of woe
    Into hey, nonny, nonny.
Entity physical actions: ['Sigh', 'Deceive', 'Walk (mentioned in the line', 'Sing', 'Leaf (mentioned in the line', 'Go (mentioned in the line', 'Be (mentioned in the line', 'Convert (mentioned in the line']
Entity mental actions: ['Sigh', 'Deceive', 'Think', 'Be', 'Let go', 'Be blithe', 'Convert', 'Sing', 'Dwell', 'Think']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Since so ye please to hear me plain,
And that ye do rejoice my smart,
Me list no lenger to remain
To such as be so overthwart.

But cursed be that cruel heart
Which hath procurd a careless mind
For me and mine unfeigned smart,
And forceth me such faults to find.

More than too much I am assured
Of thine intent, whereto to trust;
A speedless proof I have endured,
And now I leave it to them that lust.
Entity physical actions: ['hear', 'rejoice', 'remain', 'overthwart', 'find', 'trust', 'lust']
Entity mental actions: ['hear', 'rejoice', 'remain', 'overthwart', 'procured', 'find', 'trust', 'endure', 'leave']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Take, oh take those lips away,
      That so sweetly were forsworn,
And those eyes: the breake of day,
      Lights that do mislead the Morn;
But my kisses bring again, bring again,
Seals of love, but sealed in vain, sealed in vain.
Entity physical actions: ['Take', 'Kiss', 'Touch', 'Hold', 'Look']
Entity mental actions: ['Think', 'Remember', 'Forget', 'Kiss', 'Mislead']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'See, the grass is full of stars,
Fallen in their brightness;
Hearts they have of shining gold,
Rays of shining whiteness.

Buttercups have honeyed hearts,
Bees they love the clover,
But I love the daisies' dance
All the meadow over.

Blow, O blow, you happy winds,
Singing summer's praises,
Up the field and down the field
A-dancing with the daisies.
Entity physical actions: ['Full', 'Fallen', 'Brightness', 'Shining', 'Gold', 'Rays', 'Whiteness', 'Hearts', 'Love', 'Dance', 'Blow', 'Singing', 'Up', 'Down', 'A-dancing']
Entity mental actions: ['See', 'Love', 'Think', 'Blow', 'Sing', 'Dance']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Suddenly discovering in the eyes of the very beautiful
                            Normande cocotte
The eyes of the very learned British Museum assistant.
Entity physical actions: ['Discovering', 'Looking', 'Gazing', 'Staring', 'Smiling']
Entity mental actions: ['Discovering', 'Observing', 'Seeing', 'Recognizing', 'Understanding', 'Appreciating', 'Enjoying', 'Admiring', 'Marveling', 'Gazing']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Slow, slow, fresh fount, keep time with my salt tears;
Yet slower, yet, O faintly, gentle springs!
List to the heavy part the music bears,
Woe weeps out her division, when she sings.
Droop herbs and flowers;
Fall grief in showers;
Our beauties are not ours.
O, I could still,
Like melting snow upon some craggy hill,
Drop, drop, drop, drop,
Since natures pride is now a withered daffodil.
Entity physical actions: ['Slow', 'Fresh fount', 'Keep time with my salt', 'Droop', 'Fall', 'Drop']
Entity mental actions: ['Slow', 'Slow', 'Keep', 'List', 'Droop', 'Fall', 'Still', 'Drop']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Why didst thou promise such a beauteous day,
And make me travel forth without my cloak,
To let base clouds oertake me in my way,
Hiding thy bravery in their rotten smoke?
Tis not enough that through the cloud thou break,
To dry the rain on my storm-beaten face,
For no man well of such a salve can speak
That heals the wound and cures not the disgrace:
Nor can thy shame give physic to my grief;
Though thou repent, yet I have still the loss:
The offenders sorrow lends but weak relief
To him that bears the strong offences cross.
   Ah! but those tears are pearl which thy love sheds,
   And they are rich and ransom all ill deeds.
Entity physical actions: ['Travel', 'Break', 'Dry', 'Cure', 'Repent', 'Bear', 'Lend', 'Shed', 'Weep', 'Ransom']
Entity mental actions: ['Promised', 'Travel', 'Make', 'Hiding', 'Break', 'Dry', 'Speak', 'Repent', 'Bear', 'Lend', 'Give', 'Shed', 'Ransom']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When she rises in the morning
I linger to watch her;
She spreads the bath-cloth underneath the window
And the sunbeams catch her
Glistening white on the shoulders,
While down her sides the mellow
Golden shadow glows as
She stoops to the sponge, and her swung breasts
Sway like full-blown yellow
Gloire de Dijon roses.

She drips herself with water, and her shoulders
Glisten as silver, they crumple up
Like wet and falling roses, and I listen
For the sluicing of their rain-dishevelled petals.
In the window full of sunlight
Concentrates her golden shadow
Fold on fold, until it glows as
Mellow as the glory roses.
Entity physical actions: ['Rises', 'Spreads', 'Stoops', 'Drips', 'Listens', 'Crumple', 'SluiceThese are the physical actions']
Entity mental actions: ['Watches', 'Spreads', 'Stoops', 'Listens', 'Drips', 'Crumple', 'Concentrates', 'Glows']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Go wailing verse, the infants of my love,
Minerva-like, brought forth without a Mother:
Present the image of the cares I prove,
Witness your Fathers grief exceeds all other.
Sigh out a story of her cruel deeds,
With interrupted accents of despair:
A monument that whosoever reads,
May justly praise, and blame my loveless Fair.
Say her disdain hath dried up my blood,
And starved you, in succours still denying:
Press to her eyes, importune me some good;
Waken her sleeping pity with your crying.
Knock at that hard heart, beg till you have moved her;
And tell thunkind, how dearly I have loved her.
Entity physical actions: ['Wailing', 'Brought forth', 'Sighing', 'Interrupted', 'Crying', 'Knocking', 'Begging', 'Importuning']
Entity mental actions: ['Thinking', 'Grieving', 'Sighing', 'Reading', 'Importuning', 'Knocking', 'Begging', 'Telling', 'Moving', 'Wailing']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Louis Untermeyer, Infidelity from The New Poetry: An Anthology of Twentieth Century Verse in English, ed. Harriet Monroe (New York: Macmillan, 1936). Permission is granted by arrangement with the Estate of Louis Untermeyer, Norma Anchin Untermeyer c/o Professional Publishing Services. The reprint is granted with the expressed permission by Laurence S. Untermeyer.
Entity physical actions: ['Turned', 'Granted', 'Arranged', 'Reprinted']
Entity mental actions: ['Thinking', 'Reading', 'Remembering', 'Granted', 'Arranging', 'Permission', 'Expressing']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'So, so breake off this last lamenting kisse,
    Which sucks two soules, and vapours Both away,
Turne thou ghost that way, and let mee turne this,
    And let our selves benight our happiest day,
We askd none leave to love; nor will we owe
    Any, so cheape a death, as saying, Goe;

Goe; and if that word have not quite kild thee,
    Ease mee with death, by bidding mee goe too.
Oh, if it have, let my word worke on mee,
    And a just office on a murderer doe.
Except it be too late, to kill me so,
    Being double dead, going, and bidding, goe.
Entity physical actions: ['Breake', 'Sucks', 'Turn', 'Turne', 'Let', 'Bidding', 'Goe', 'Killing', 'Working', 'Bidding (again)']
Entity mental actions: ['Thinking', 'Lamenting', 'Vaporing', 'Turning', 'Benighting', 'Asking', 'Owing', 'Cheaping', 'Killing', 'Bidding', 'Working', 'Going', 'Being', 'Double-dealingI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Long have I longd to see my love againe,
Still have I wisht, but never could obtaine it;
Rather than all the world (if I might gaine it)
Would I desire my loves sweet precious gaine.
Yet in my soule I see him everie day,
See him, and see his still sterne countenaunce,
But (ah) what is of long continuance,
Where majestie and beautie beares the sway?
Sometimes, when I imagine that I see him,
(As love is full of foolish fantasies)
Weening to kisse his lips, as my loves fees,
I feele but aire: nothing but aire to bee him.
Thus with Ixion, kisse I clouds in vaine:
Thus with Ixion, feele I endles paine.
Entity physical actions: ['longd', 'wisht', 'obtaine', 'desire', 'gaine', 'kisse', 'feele', 'kisse', 'vaine', 'paine']
Entity mental actions: ['long', 'wisht', 'obtaine', 'desire', 'see', 'imagine', 'weening', 'kisse', 'feele', 'vaine', 'paine']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Sweet shades why doe you seeke to give delight
    To mee who deeme delight in this vilde place
    Butt torment, sorrow, and mine owne disgrace
    To taste of joy, or your vaine pleasing sight;

Show them your pleasures who saw never night
    Of greife, wher joyings fauning, smiling face
    Appeers as day, wher griefe found never space
    Yett for a sigh, a grone, or envies spite;

Butt O on mee a world of woes doe ly,
    Or els on mee all harmes strive to rely,
    And to attend like servants bound to mee,

Heat in desire, while frosts of care I prove,
    Wanting my love, yett surfett doe with love
    Burne, and yett freeze, better in hell to bee.
Entity physical actions: ['see', 'deeme', 'seek', 'give', 'taste', 'sight', 'show', 'pleasings', 'saw', 'griefe', 'found', 'face', 'sigh', 'grone', 'envies', 'spite', 'ly', 'strive', 'attend', 'prove', 'want', 'love', 'surfett', 'burne', 'freeze', 'bee']
Entity mental actions: ['see', 'deeme', 'mee', 'doe', 'deeme', 'give', 'taste', 'pleasure', 'saw', 'griefe', 'found', 'space', 'sigh', 'grone', 'envies', 'ly', 'strive', 'attend', 'prove', 'want', 'love', 'surfett', 'Burne', 'freeze', 'bee']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'New yeare forth looking out of Janus gate,
Doth seeme to promise hope of new delight:
And bidding thold Adieu, his pass
Entity physical actions: ['looking', 'forth', 'gate', 'bidding', 'pass']
Entity mental actions: ['looking', 'hoping', 'bidding']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'[i carry your heart with me(i carry it in] Copyright 1952,  1980, 1991 by the Trustees for the E. E. Cummings Trust, from Complete Poems: 1904-1962 by E. E. Cummings, edited by George J. Firmage. Used by permission of Liveright Publishing Corporation.
Entity physical actions: ['carry', 'hold', 'walk']
Entity mental actions: ['carry', 'think', 'hold', 'remember']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Never love unless you can
Bear with all the faults of man:
Men sometimes will jealous be
Though but little cause they see;
And hang the head, as discontent,
And speak what straight they will repent.

Men that but one saint adore
Make a show of love to more.
Beauty must be scorned in none,
Though but truly served in one:
For what is courtship but disguise?
True hearts may have dissembling eyes.

Men, when their affairs require,
Must awhile themselves retire;
Sometimes hunt, and sometimes hawk,
And not ever sit and talk.
If these and such-like you can bear,
Then like, and love, and never fear!
Entity physical actions: ['Bear', 'Jealous', 'Hang', 'Speak', 'Retire', 'Hunt', 'Hawk', 'Sit', 'Talk']
Entity mental actions: ['Think', 'See', 'Jealous', 'Discontent', 'Repent', 'Adore', 'Scorn', 'Dissemble', 'Retire', 'Hunt', 'Hawk', 'Talk']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Strephon kissed me in the spring,
Robin in the fall,
But Colin only looked at me
And never kissed at all.

Strephon's kiss was lost in jest,
Robin's lost in play,
But the kiss in Colin's eyes
Haunts me night and day.
Entity physical actions: ['Kissed', 'Looked', 'Play']
Entity mental actions: ['Kissed', 'Looked', 'Haunts']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'From fairest creatures we desire increase,
That thereby beautys rose might never die,
But as the riper should by time decease,
His tender heir might bear his memory;
But thou, contracted to thine own bright eyes,
Feedst thy lights flame with self-substantial fuel,
Making a famine where abundance lies,
Thyself thy foe, to thy sweet self too cruel.
Though that art now the worlds fresh ornament
And only herald to the gaudy spring,
Within thine own bud buriest thy content,
And, tender churl, makst waste in niggarding.
   Pity the world, or else this glutton be,
   To eat the worlds due, by the grave and thee.
Entity physical actions: ['Feed', 'Bear', 'Decease', 'Bury', 'Waste', 'Eat']
Entity mental actions: ['Desire', 'Deceive', 'Remember', 'Feed', 'Make', 'Be cruel', 'Pity', 'Waste']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Desolate and lone
All night long on the lake
Where fog trails and mist creeps,
The whistle of a boat
Calls and cries unendingly,
Like some lost child
In tears and trouble
Hunting the harbor's breast
And the harbor's eyes.
Entity physical actions: ['Rowing', 'Calls', 'Cries', 'Hunting', 'Tears']
Entity mental actions: ['Thinking', 'Crying', 'Hunting', 'Calling', 'Troubling']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Bilbea, I was in Babylon on Saturday night.
I saw nothing of you anywhere.
I was at the old place and the other girls were there,
But no Bilbea.

Have you gone to another house? or city?
Why dont you write?
I was sorry. I walked home half-sick.

Tell me how it goes.
Send me some kind of a letter.
And take care of yourself.
Entity physical actions: ['walked', 'saw', 'were', 'wrote', 'home', 'half-sick']
Entity mental actions: ['saw', 'was', 'walked', 'wrote', 'was sorry', 'tell', 'send', 'take care']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Unhappy pen and ill accepted papers,
That intimate in vain my chaste desires,
My chaste desires, the ever burning tapers,
Enkindled by her eyes celestial fires.
Celestial fires and unrespecting powers,
That deign not view the glory of your might,
In humble lines the work of careful hours,
The sacrifice I offer to her sight.
But since she scorns her own, this rests for me,
Ill moan my self, and hide the wrong I have:
And so content me that her frowns should be
To my infant style the cradle, and the grave.
What though my self no honor get thereby,
Each bird sings therself, and so will I.
Entity physical actions: ['Unhappy pen', 'Ill accepted papers', 'Chaste desires', 'Ever burning tapers', 'Enkindled by her eyes', 'Celestial fires', 'Unrespecting powers', 'Deign not view', 'Careful hours', 'Sacrifice', 'Ill moan', 'Hide the wrong', 'Content me', 'Frowns', 'Cradle', 'GraveI hope this helps! Let']
Entity mental actions: ['Unhappy', 'Ill', 'Accepted', 'Desires', 'View', 'Hours', 'Offer', 'Content', 'Moan', 'Hide', 'Frowns', 'Get', 'Sing', 'Will']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'My love looks like a girl to-night,
      But she is old.
The plaits that lie along her pillow
      Are not gold,
But threaded with filigree silver,
      And uncanny cold.

She looks like a young maiden, since her brow
      Is smooth and fair,
Her cheeks are very smooth, her eyes are closed.
      She sleeps a rare
Still winsome sleep, so still, and so composed.

Nay, but she sleeps like a bride, and dreams her dreams
      Of perfect things.
She lies at last, the darling, in the shape of her dream,
      And her dead mouth sings
By its shape, like the thrushes in clear evenings.
Entity physical actions: ['looks', 'lies', 'sleeps', 'dreams', 'sings']
Entity mental actions: ['looks', 'is', 'lies', 'dreams', 'sings']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I shall not go with pain
Whether you hold me, whether you forget
My little loss and my immortal gain.
O flower unseen, O fountain sealed apart!
Give me one look, one look remembering yet,
Sweet heart.

I shall not go with grief,
Whether you call me, whether you deny
The crowning vintage and the golden sheaf.
O, April hopes that blossom but to close!
Give me one look, one look and so good-bye,
Red rose.

I shall not go with sighs,
But as full-crowned the warrior leaves the fight,
Dawn on his shield and death upon his eyes.
O, life so bitter-sweet and heaven so far!
Give me one look, one look and so good night,
My star.
Entity physical actions: ['hold', 'forget', 'look', 'call', 'deny', 'remember', 'give', 'look', 'so', 'good-bye', 'sighs', 'fight', 'leave', 'dawn', 'death', 'good nightI hope this helps!']
Entity mental actions: ['think', 'remember', 'forget', 'look', 'call', 'deny', 'hope', 'sigh', 'fight', 'see', 'good-bye', 'good night']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Michael Anania, Waiting There from Selected Poems. Copyright  1994 by Michael Anania. Used by permission of Asphodel Press/Acorn Alliance.
Entity physical actions: ['Waiting', 'Walking', 'Running', 'Looking', 'Seeing', 'Hearing', 'Feeling', 'BreathingI hope this helps! Let']
Entity mental actions: ['Thinking', 'Waiting', 'Reading', 'Remembering', 'Watching', 'Listening', 'Imagining', 'Feeling', 'Expecting', 'HopingPlease note that some of']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Fayre is my love, when her fayre golden heares,
With the loose wynd ye waving chance to marke:
Fayre when the rose in her red cheekes appears,
Or in her eyes the fyre of love does sparke.
Fayre when her brest lyke a rich laden barke,
With pretious merchandize she forth doth lay:
Fayre when that cloud of pryde which oft doth dark
Her goodly light with smiles she drives away,
But fayrest she, when so she doth display
The gate with pearles and rubyes richly dight:
Throgh which her words so wise do make their way
To beare the message of her gentle spright.
The rest be works of natures wonderment,
But this the worke of harts astonishment.
Entity physical actions: ['Waving', 'Appearing', 'Sparkling', 'Laying', 'Driving', 'Displaying', 'Making way', 'Bareing', 'Dight (twice)Please note that some']
Entity mental actions: ['Thinking', 'Smiling', 'Waving', 'Appearing', 'Sparkling', 'Laying', 'Driving', 'Displaying', 'Making', 'Bearing', 'Wondering', 'Astonishing']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Out of the winds' and the waves' riot,
Out of the loud foam,
He has put in to a great quiet
And a still home.

Here he may lie at ease and wonder
Why the old ship waits,
And hark for the surge and the strong thunder
Of the full Straits,

And look for the fishing fleet at morning,
Shadows like lost souls,
Slide through the fog where the seal's warning
Betrays the shoals,

And watch for the deep-sea liner climbing
Out of the bright West,
With a salmon-sky and her wake shining
Like a tern's breast, 

And never know he is done for ever
With the old sea's pride,
Borne from the fight and the full endeavour
On an ebb tide.
Entity physical actions: ['riot', 'wait', 'lie', 'hark', 'thunder', 'look', 'slide', 'watch', 'climb', 'shine', 'know', 'fight', 'endeavour']
Entity mental actions: ['wonder', 'hark', 'hark for', 'watch', 'look', 'know', 'never know', 'fight', 'endeavour']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Take, oh, take those lips away
That so sweetly were forsworn
And those eyes, like break of day,
Lights that do mislead the morn;
But my kisses bring again,
Seals of love, though sealed in vain.

Hide, oh, hide those hills of snow,
Which thy frozen bosom bears,
On whose tops the pinks that grow
Are of those that April wears;
But first set my poor heart free,
Bound in those icy chains by thee.
Entity physical actions: ['Take', 'Kiss', 'Hide', 'Set', 'Bound']
Entity mental actions: ['Think', 'Remember', 'Forget', 'Kiss', 'Hide', 'Set', 'Bind']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Here take my picture; though I bid farewell
Thine, in my heart, where my soul dwells, shall dwell.
'Tis like me now, but I dead, 'twill be more
When we are shadows both, than 'twas before.
When weather-beaten I come back, my hand
Perhaps with rude oars torn, or sun beams tann'd,
My face and breast of haircloth, and my head
With care's rash sudden storms being o'erspread,
My body'a sack of bones, broken within,
And powder's blue stains scatter'd on my skin;
If rival fools tax thee to'have lov'd a man
So foul and coarse as, oh, I may seem then,
This shall say what I was, and thou shalt say,
"Do his hurts reach me? doth my worth decay?
Or do they reach his judging mind, that he
Should now love less, what he did love to see?
That which in him was fair and delicate,
Was but the milk which in love's childish state
Did nurse it; who now is grown strong enough
To feed on that, which to disus'd tastes seems tough."
Entity physical actions: ['took', 'bids', 'dwells', 'dead', 'come', 'torn', 'tan', 'spread', 'broken', 'scattered', 'tax', 'lovd', 'reach', 'decay', 'judging', 'nurse', 'grown', 'feedI hope this helps! Let']
Entity mental actions: ['thought', 'bid', 'dwell', 'dead', 'farewell', 'shall', 'more', 'like', 'come', 'back', 'torn', 'tan', 'spread', 'broken', 'blue', 'stains', 'seem', 'foul', 'coarse', 'decay', 'reach', 'mind', 'love', 'childish', 'strong', 'feedI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Copyright  1996 by the Estate of Mina Loy. All rights reserved.
Entity physical actions: ['Turned', 'Reserved', 'Written', 'Copyright', 'Rights']
Entity mental actions: ['Read', 'Reserved', 'Rights', 'Copyright', 'Estate']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Where the bee sucks, there suck I:
In a cowslips bell I lie;
There I couch when owls do cry.
On the bats back I do fly
After summer merrily.   
Merrily, merrily shall I live now
Under the blossom that hangs on the bough.
Entity physical actions: ['Suck', 'Lie', 'Couch', 'Fly', 'Live', 'Hang']
Entity mental actions: ['Suck', 'Lie', 'Couch', 'Fly', 'Live', 'Think']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'From fairest creatures we desire increase,
That thereby beautys rose might never die,
But as the riper should by time decease,
His tender heir might bear his memory;
But thou, contracted to thine own bright eyes,
Feedst thy lights flame with self-substantial fuel,
Making a famine where abundance lies,
Thyself thy foe, to thy sweet self too cruel.
Though that art now the worlds fresh ornament
And only herald to the gaudy spring,
Within thine own bud buriest thy content,
And, tender churl, makst waste in niggarding.
   Pity the world, or else this glutton be,
   To eat the worlds due, by the grave and thee.
Entity physical actions: ['Feed', 'Bear', 'Decease', 'Bury', 'Waste', 'Eat']
Entity mental actions: ['Desire', 'Deceive', 'Remember', 'Feed', 'Make', 'Be cruel', 'Pity', 'Waste']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When I remember plain heroic strength
And shining virtue shown by Ypres pools,
Then read the blither written by knaves for fools
In praise of English soldiers lying at length,
Who purely dream what England shall be made
Gloriously new, free of the old stains
By us, who pay the price that must be paid,
Will freeze all winter over Ypres plains.
Our silly dreams of peace you put aside
And brotherhood of man, for you will see
An armed mistress, braggart of the tide,
Her children slaves, under your mastery.
We'll have a word there too, and forge a knife,
Will cut the cancer threatens England's life.
Entity physical actions: ['Dream', 'Pay', 'Lie', 'Read', 'Write', 'Forge', 'Cut']
Entity mental actions: ['Remember', 'Dream', 'Read', 'Pay', 'Will', 'See', 'Forge', 'Cut']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of physical actions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Come, my Celia, let us prove,
While we can, the sports of love;
Time will not be ours forever;
He at length our good will sever.
Spend not then his gifts in vain.
Suns that set may rise again;
But if once we lose this light,
Tis with us perpetual night.
Why should we defer our joys?
Fame and rumor are but toys.
Cannot we delude the eyes
Of a few poor household spies,
Or his easier ears beguile,
So removed by our wile?
Tis no sin loves fruit to steal;
But the sweet thefts to reveal,
To be taken, to be seen,
These have crimes accounted been.
Entity physical actions: ['Come', 'prove', 'sever', 'spend', 'rise', 'defer', 'beguile', 'steal', 'reveal', 'taken', 'seen']
Entity mental actions: ['think', 'prove', 'will', 'delay', 'defer', 'decide', 'beguile', 'steal', 'reveal', 'take', 'see']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Show me dear Christ, thy spouse so bright and clear.
What! is it she which on the other shore
Goes richly painted? or which, robb'd and tore,
Laments and mourns in Germany and here?
Sleeps she a thousand, then peeps up one year?
Is she self-truth, and errs? now new, now outwore?
Doth she, and did she, and shall she evermore
On one, on seven, or on no hill appear?
Dwells she with us, or like adventuring knights
First travel we to seek, and then make love?
Betray, kind husband, thy spouse to our sights,
And let mine amorous soul court thy mild Dove,
Who is most true and pleasing to thee then
When she'is embrac'd and open to most men.
Entity male entities: ['Christ', 'husband', 'knights', 'men']
Entity female entities: ['Christ', 'spouse', 'Dove', 'she', 'self-truth', 'errs', 'mild Dove', 'adventuring knights', 'most men']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Whoso list to hunt, I know where is an hind,
But as for me, helas, I may no more.
The vain travail hath wearied me so sore,
I am of them that farthest cometh behind.
Yet may I by no means my wearied mind
Draw from the deer, but as she fleeth afore
Fainting I follow. I leave off therefore,
Sithens in a net I seek to hold the wind.
Who list her hunt, I put him out of doubt,
As well as I may spend his time in vain.
And graven with diamonds in letters plain
There is written, her fair neck round about:
Noli me tangere, for Caesar's I am,
And wild for to hold, though I seem tame.
Entity male entities: ['Hind', 'Caesar', 'I (used as a male']
Entity female entities: ['Hind', 'Deer', 'Neck (referred to as "her', 'Caesars (implied to be a', 'Wind (mentioned as something the']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The motion of gathering loops of water
Must either burst or remain in a moment.
The violet colors through the glass
Throw up little swellings that appear
And spatter as soon as another strikes
And is born; so pure are they of colored
Hues, that we feel the absent strength
Of its power. When they begin they gather
Like sand on the beach: each bubble
Contains a complete eye of water.
Entity male entities: ['Water', 'Glass', 'Violet colors', 'Swellings', 'Strength', 'Bubble']
Entity female entities: ['Water', 'Violet', 'Colors', 'Hues', 'Strength', 'Power']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Not at first sight, nor with a dribbed shot,
   Love gave the wound which while I breathe will bleed:
   But known worth did in mine of time proceed,
Till by degrees it had full conquest got.
I saw, and liked; I liked, but loved not;
   I loved, but straight did not what love decreed:
   At length to loves decrees I, forced, agreed,
Yet with repining at so partial lot.
   Now even that footstep of lost liberty
Is gone, and now like slave-born Muscovite
I call it praise to suffer tyranny;
And now employ the remnant of my wit
   To make myself believe that all is well,
   While with a feeling skill I paint my hell.
Entity male entities: ['Love', 'Time', 'Man', 'Worth', 'Decreed', 'Lot', 'Muscovite', 'Wit']
Entity female entities: ['Love', 'Time', 'Worth', 'Liberty', 'Wit']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Though I am young, and cannot tell
    Either what Death or Love is well,
Yet I have heard they both bear darts,
    And both do aim at human hearts.
And then again, I have been told
    Love wounds with heat, as Death with cold;
So that I fear they do but bring
    Extremes to touch, and mean one thing.

As in a ruin we it call
    One thing to be blown up, or fall;
Or to our end like way may have
    By a flash of lightning, or a wave;
So Loves inflamed shaft or brand
    May kill as soon as Deaths cold hand;
Except Loves fires the virtue have
    To fright the frost out of the grave.
Entity male entities: ['Death', 'Love', 'Darts (mentioned as something both', 'Cold (mentioned as something Death', 'Lightning (mentioned as something that', 'Wave (mentioned as something that', "Grave (mentioned as something Love's"]
Entity female entities: ['Love', 'Death']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Ye tradefull Merchants that with weary toyle,
Do seeke most pretious things to make your gain:
And both the Indias of their treasures spoile,
What needeth you to seeke so farre in vaine?
For loe my love doth in her selfe containe
All this worlds riches that may farre be found,
If Saphyres, loe hir eies be Saphyres plaine,
If Rubies, loe hir lips be Rubies sound:
If Pearles, hir teeth be pearles both pure and round;
If Yvorie, her forhead yvory weene;
If Gold, her locks are finest gold on ground;
If silver, her faire hands are silver sheene;
But that which fairest is, but few behold,
Her mind adornd with vertues manifold.
Entity male entities: ['Merchants', 'Love', 'Saphyres (Sapphires)', 'Rubies', 'Yvorie (Yvorne, a mythical creature)', 'Gold', 'Silver']
Entity female entities: ['Love', 'India', 'Sapphire', 'Ruby', 'Pearl', 'Yvorie', 'Gold', 'Silver']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I that have been a lover, and could show it,
Though not in these, in rithmes not wholly dumb,
Since I exscribe your sonnets, am become
A better lover, and much better poet.
Nor is my Muse or I ashamed to owe it
To those true numerous graces, whereof some
But charm the senses, others overcome
Both brains and hearts; and mine now best do know it:
For in your verse all Cupids armory,
His flames, his shafts, his quiver, and his bow,
His very eyes are yours to overthrow.
But then his mothers sweets you so apply,
Her joys, her smiles, her loves, as readers take
For Venus ceston every line you make.
Entity male entities: ['Sonnets', 'Cupid', 'Muse', 'Poet', 'Lovers', 'Graces', 'Venus']
Entity female entities: ['Muses', 'Venus', 'Mother (mentioned twice)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Rose-cheek'd Laura, come,
Sing thou smoothly with thy beauty's
Silent music, either other
Sweetly gracing.

Lovely forms do flow
From concent divinely framed;
Heav'n is music, and thy beauty's
Birth is heavenly.

These dull notes we sing
Discords need for helps to grace them;
Only beauty purely loving
Knows no discord,

But still moves delight,
Like clear springs renew'd by flowing,
Ever perfect, ever in them-
Selves eternal.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ', ...]', 'Rose-cheeked Laura', 'Heavn (a misspelling of "Heaven")', 'Thou (addressing a male person)', 'Lovely forms (referring to male', 'Heavn (a misspelling of "Heaven")', 'Birth (referring to the male', 'Discords (referring to male musicians)', 'Help (referring to a male', 'Knows (referring to a male', 'Ever (referring to a male']
Entity female entities: ['', ',', ',', ', ...]', 'Laura', 'Beauty', 'Heaven', 'Grace', 'Loveliness', 'Forms', 'Spring', 'Perfection', 'Eternity']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Come darkest night, becoming sorrow best;
    Light; leave thy light; fitt for a lightsome soule;
    Darknes doth truly sure with mee oprest
    Whom absence power doth from mirthe controle:

The very trees with hanging heads condole
    Sweet sommers parting, and of leaves distrest
    In dying coulers make a griefe-full role;
    Soe much (alas) to sorrow are they prest,

Thus of dead leaves her farewell carpetts made:
    Theyr fall, theyr branches, all theyr mournings prove;
    With leavles, naked bodies, whose huese vade
    From hopefull greene, to wither in theyr love,

If trees, and leaves for absence, mourners bee
Noe mervaile that I grieve, who like want see.
Entity male entities: ['Night', 'Light', 'Soul', 'Power', 'Mirthe (a synonym for "mirth")', 'Absence', 'Leaves', 'Trees', 'Bodies', 'Love']
Entity female entities: ['Light', 'Soul', 'Mirthe (a name)', 'Leaves', 'Nature (referred to as a', 'Hope (referred to as a']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Farewell! thou art too dear for my possessing,
And like enough thou knowst thy estimate.
The Charter of thy worth gives thee releasing;
My bonds in thee are all determinate.
For how do I hold thee but by thy granting,
And for that riches where is my deserving?
The cause of this fair gift in me is wanting,
And so my patent back again is swerving.
Thy self thou gav'st, thy own worth then not knowing,
Or me, to whom thou gav'st it, else mistaking,
So thy great gift, upon misprision growing,
Comes home again, on better judgement making.
   Thus have I had thee as a dream doth flatter:
   In sleep a king, but waking no such matter.
Entity male entities: ['King', 'Self', 'Worth', 'Granting', 'Riches', 'Patent', 'Me (used as an object)', 'Gavst (a verb, referring to']
Entity female entities: ['Worth', 'Granting', 'Self', 'Gift', 'Judgment', 'Matter']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'This holy season, fit to fast and pray,
Men to devotion ought to be inclin'd:
Therefore I likewise on so holy day,
For my sweet saint some service fit will find.
Her temple fair is built within my mind,
In which her glorious image placed is,
On which my thoughts do day and night attend,
Like sacred priests that never think amiss.
There I to her as th' author of my bliss,
Will build an altar to appease her ire:
And on the same my heart will sacrifice,
Burning in flames of pure and chaste desire:
The which vouchsafe, O goddess, to accept,
Amongst thy dearest relics to be kept.
Entity male entities: ['Men', 'God', 'Saint', 'Priests']
Entity female entities: ['Day', 'Mind', 'Temple', 'Saint', 'Goddess']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Ezra Pound, "Canto XLV " from The Cantos of Ezra Pound. Copyright  1993 by Ezra Pound. Reprinted by permission of New Directions Publishing Corporation.
Entity male entities: ['Ezra Pound', 'Ezra', 'Pound']
Entity female entities: ['Pound', 'Cantos', 'New Directions', 'Publishing', 'Ezra Pound', '1993 by', 'Ezra', 'New', 'Directions']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'If thou survive my well-contented day,
When that churl Death my bones with dust shall cover,
And shalt by fortune once more re-survey
These poor rude lines of thy deceased lover,
Compare them with the bettering of the time,
And though they be outstripp'd by every pen,
Reserve them for my love, not for their rhyme,
Exceeded by the height of happier men.
O then vouchsafe me but this loving thought:
"Had my friend's Muse grown with this growing age
A dearer birth than this his love had brought,
To march in ranks of better equipage:
But since he died and poets better prove,
Theirs for their style I'll read, his for his love."
Entity male entities: ['Day', 'Death', 'Love', 'Friend', 'Poet']
Entity female entities: ['Day', 'Time', 'Fortune', 'Love', 'Friends', 'Muse']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Green groweth the holly,
So doth the ivy.
Though winter blasts blow never so high,
Green groweth the holly.

As the holly groweth green
And never changeth hue,
So I am, ever hath been,
Unto my lady true.

As the holly groweth green
With ivy all alone
When flowers cannot be seen
And greenwood leaves be gone,

Now unto my lady
Promise to her I make,
From all other only
To her I me betake.

Adieu, mine own lady,
Adieu, my special
Who hath my heart truly
Be sure, and ever shall.
Entity male entities: ['Holly', 'Ivy', 'Winter blasts (personified as a']
Entity female entities: ['Holly', 'Ivy', 'Lady (mentioned multiple times)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Louise Bogan, Song for the Last Act from The Blue Estuaries: Poems 1923-1968. Copyright  1968 by Louise Bogan. Used by permission of Farrar, Straus & Giroux, LLC, http://us.macmillan.com/fsg. All rights reserved.
Entity male entities: ['Louise Bogan', 'Song', 'Farrar, Straus & Giroux', 'LLC', 'Macmillan']
Entity female entities: ['Louise Bogan', 'Song']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'If it were not for England, who would bear
This heavy servitude one moment more?
To keep a brothel, sweep and wash the floor
Of filthiest hovels were noble to compare
With this brass-cleaning life. Now here, now there
Harried in foolishness, scanned curiously o'er
By fools made brazen by conceit, and store
Of antique witticisms thin and bare.

Only the love of comrades sweetens all,
Whose laughing spirit will not be outdone.
As night-watching men wait for the sun
To hearten them, so wait I on such boys
As neither brass nor Hell-fire may appal,
Nor guns, nor sergeant-major's bluster and noise.
Entity male entities: ['England', 'men', 'noble', 'foolishness', 'fools', 'conceit', 'antique', 'witticisms', 'boys', 'sergeant-majors']
Entity female entities: ['England', 'noble', 'filthiest hovels', 'love', 'comrades', 'night-watching men', 'sun', 'boys']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'O Grammar rules, O now your virtues show;
    So children still read you with awful eyes,
    As my young Dove may in your precepts wise
Her grant to me, by her own virtue know.
For late with heart most high, with eyes most low,
    I cravd the thing which ever she denies:
    She lightning Love, displaying Venus skies,
Least once should not be heard, twice said, No, No.
    Sing then my Muse, now Io Pan sing,
    Heavns envy not at my high triumphing:
But Grammars force with sweet success confirm,
    For Grammar says (O this dear Stella weigh,)
    For Grammar says (to Grammar who says nay)
That in one speech two Negatives affirm.
Entity male entities: ['Grammar', 'Io Pan', 'Stella']
Entity female entities: ['Dove', 'Venus', 'Stella', 'Io', 'Hera (mentioned in the line']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Thou art my lute, by thee I sing,
     My being is attuned to thee.
Thou settest all my words a-wing,
     And meltest me to melody.
 
Thou art my life, by thee I live,
     From thee proceed the joys I know;
Sweetheart, thy hand has power to give
     The meed of lovethe cup of woe.
 
Thou art my love, by thee I lead
     My soul the paths of light along,
From vale to vale, from mead to mead,
     And home it in the hills of song.
 
My song, my soul, my life, my all,
     Why need I pray or make my plea,
Since my petition cannot fall;
     For Im already one with thee!
Entity male entities: ['Lute', 'Love', 'Life', 'Soul', 'Heart', 'Melody', 'Poet', 'Song', 'Hills', 'God']
Entity female entities: ['Lute', 'Life', 'Love', 'Heart', 'Melody', 'Joy', 'Woe', 'Soul', 'Hills', 'Song']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'She has no need to fear the fall
Of harvest from the laddered reach
Of orchards, nor the tide gone ebbing
      From the steep beach.

Nor hold to pain's effrontery
Her body's bulwark, stern and savage,
Nor be a glass, where to forsee
      Another's ravage.

What she has gathered, and what lost,
She will not find to lose again.
She is possessed by time, who once
      Was loved by men.
Entity male entities: ['Ladder', 'Tide', 'Men']
Entity female entities: ['She', 'Laddered reach', 'Orchards', 'Tide', 'Beach', 'Her body', 'Ravage', 'Time']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Let me not to the marriage of true minds
Admit impediments. Love is not love
Which alters when it alteration finds,
Or bends with the remover to remove.
O no! it is an ever-fixed mark
That looks on tempests and is never shaken;
It is the star to every wand'ring bark,
Whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken.
Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks
Within his bending sickle's compass come;
Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks,
But bears it out even to the edge of doom.
If this be error and upon me prov'd,
I never writ, nor no man ever lov'd.
Entity male entities: ['Love', 'Man', 'Mind', 'Time', 'Heart', 'Bard (referring to the speaker)']
Entity female entities: ['Love', 'Time', 'Worth', 'Rosy lips', 'Cheeks']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'They came to tell your faults to me,
They named them over one by one;
I laughed aloud when they were done,
I knew them all so well before, 
Oh, they were blind, too blind to see
Your faults had made me love you more.
Entity male entities: ['They', 'him', 'him', 'they']
Entity female entities: ['They', 'me', 'I', 'blind (referring to the people']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Originally published in Poetry, March 1914.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Poetry', 'March', '1914']
Entity female entities: ['Poetry', 'March', '1914']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Joy of my life, full oft for loving you
    I bless my lot, that was so lucky placed:
    But then the more your own mishap I rue,
    That are so much by so mean love embased.
For had the equal heavens so much you graced
    In this as in the rest, ye might invent
    Some heavenly wit, whose verse could have enchased
    Your glorious name in golden monument.
But since ye deignd so goodly to relent
    To me your thrall, in whom is little worth,
    That little that I am shall all be spent
    In setting your immortal praises forth;
Whose lofty argument uplifting me
    Shall lift you up unto an high degree.
Entity male entities: ['Joy', 'Love', 'You (addressed to a male', 'Heaven', 'God', 'Wit', 'Name', 'Argument']
Entity female entities: ['Joy', 'Love', 'Life', 'Name (repeated)', 'Worth', 'Praises', 'Argument']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Still to be neat, still to be dressed,
As you were going to a feast;
Still to be powdered, still perfumed; 
Lady, it is to be presumed,
Though art's hid causes are not found,
All is not sweet, all is not sound.

Give me a look, give me a face,
That makes simplicity a grace;
Robes loosely flowing, hair as free;
Such sweet neglect more taketh me
                       Than all th'adulteries of art. 
They strike mine eyes, but not my heart.
Entity male entities: ['Man', 'Lord', 'Gentleman', 'Robes', 'Hair', 'Face', 'Heart']
Entity female entities: ['Lady', 'Face', 'Robes', 'Hair', 'Heart']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'W. B. Yeats, The Circus Animals Desertion from The Poems of W. B. Yeats: A New Edition, edited by Richard J. Finneran. Copyright 1933 by Macmillan Publishing Company, renewed  1961 by Georgie Yeats. Reprinted with the permission of A. P. Watt, Ltd. on behalf of Michael Yeats.
Entity male entities: ['W. B. Yeats', 'Richard J. Finneran', 'Georgie Yeats', 'Michael Yeats']
Entity female entities: ['W. B. Yeats', 'Georgie Yeats', 'Michael Yeats']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Stephen Spender, "Song" from New Collected Poems, published by Faber. Copyright  2004. Reprinted by kind permission of the Estate of Stephen Spender.
Entity male entities: ['Stephen Spender', '"Song" (mentioned as a poem', 'Estate of Stephen Spender (mentioned']
Entity female entities: ['Spender', 'Estate of Stephen Spender (mentioned', 'Stephen Spender (the poet)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Is this the river East I heard?
Where the ferries, tugs and sailboats stirred
And the reaching wharves from the inner land
Ourstretched, like the harmless receiving hand
 
And the silvery tinge that sparkles aloud
Like the brilliant white demons, which a tide has towed
From the rays of the morning sun
Which it doth ceaselessly shine upon.
 
But look at the depth of the drippling tide
The dripples, reripples like the locusts astride;
As the boat turns upon the silvery spread
It leavesstrangea shadow dead.
 
And the very charms from the reflective river
And from the stacks of the floating boat
There seemeth the quality neer to dissever
Like the ruffles from the mystified smoke.
Entity male entities: ['Ferries', 'Tugs', 'Sailboats', 'Demons', 'Boat', 'Shadow', 'StacksI hope this helps! Let']
Entity female entities: ['River', 'Ferries', 'Tugs', 'Sailboats', 'Wharves', 'Hand', 'Demons', 'Tide', 'Morning sun', 'Dripples', 'Reripples', 'Locusts', 'Shadow', 'Stacks', 'BoatI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Kenneth Slessor, South Country from Selected Poems, published by HarperCollins Publishers Australia. Used by permission.
Entity male entities: ['Kenneth Slessor', 'South', 'HarperCollins Publishers Australia', 'Selected Poems']
Entity female entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'South Country', 'HarperCollins Publishers Australia', 'Kenneth Slessor']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Kenneth Slessor, Five Visions of Captain Cook from Selected Poems, published by HarperCollins Publishers Australia. Used by permission.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Kenneth Slessor', 'Captain Cook']
Entity female entities: ['Captain Cook', 'HarperCollins Publishers Australia', 'Five Visions']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Hark, hark! the lark at heaven's gate sings, 
And Phoebus 'gins arise, 
His steeds to water at those springs 
On chaliced flowers that lies; 
And winking Mary-buds begin 
To ope their golden eyes: 
With every thing that pretty is, 
My lady sweet, arise: 
Arise, arise.
Entity male entities: ['Phoebus', 'Steeds', 'Mary']
Entity female entities: ['Mary', 'Phoebus (referring to the sun)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Guillaume Apollinaire. Clotilde from Alcools, English translation copyright 1995 Donald Revell and reprinted by permission of Wesleyan University Press.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Guillaume Apollinaire', 'Clotilde', 'Donald Revell']
Entity female entities: ['Clotilde', 'Guillaume Apollinaire']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'There is a garden in her face
   Where roses and white lilies blow;
A heavenly paradise is that place,
   Wherein all pleasant fruits do flow:
      There cherries grow which none may buy
      Till Cherry-ripe themselves do cry.

Those cherries fairly do enclose
   Of orient pearl a double row,
Which when her lovely laughter shows,
   They look like rose-buds filled with snow;
      Yet them no peer nor prince can buy
      Till Cherry-ripe themselves do cry.

Her eyes like angels watch them still;
   Her brows like bended bows do stand,
Threat'ning with piercing frowns to kill
   All that attempt with eye or hand
      Those sacred cherries to come nigh,
      Till Cherry-ripe themselves do cry.
Entity male entities: ['Garden', 'Rose', 'White lily', 'Heavenly paradise', 'Fruits (plural)', 'Cherries (plural)', 'Pearl (singular)', 'Prince (singular)']
Entity female entities: ['Garden', 'Face', 'Roses', 'White lilies', 'Cherries', 'Pearl', 'Eyes', 'Angels', 'Brow', 'Frowns']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I had come to the house, in a cave of trees,
Facing a sheer sky.
Everything moved,a bell hung ready to strike,
Sun and reflection wheeled by.

When the bare eyes were before me
And the hissing hair,
Held up at a window, seen through a door.
The stiff bald eyes, the serpents on the forehead
Formed in the air.

This is a dead scene forever now.
Nothing will ever stir.
The end will never brighten it more than this,
Nor the rain blur.

The water will always fall, and will not fall,
And the tipped bell make no sound.
The grass will always be growing for hay
Deep on the ground.

And I shall stand here like a shadow
Under the great balanced day,
My eyes on the yellow dust, that was lifting in the wind,
And does not drift away.
Entity male entities: ['Some of these entities can']
Entity female entities: ['Some of these entities can']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When the first dark had fallen around them
And the leaves were weary of praise,
In the clear silence Beauty found them
And shewed them all her ways.

In the high noon of the heavenly garden
Where the angels sunned with the birds,
Beauty, before their hearts could harden,
Had taught them heavenly words.

When they fled in the burning weather
And nothing dawned but a dream,
Beauty fasted their hands together
And cooled them at her stream.

And when day wearied and night grew stronger,
And they slept as the beautiful must,
Then she bided a little longer,
And blossomed from their dust.
Entity male entities: ['Beauty', 'Angels', 'Birds', 'Dream']
Entity female entities: ['Beauty', 'Beauty (mentioned multiple times)', 'Beauty (capitalized, referring to a']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The buffaloes are gone.
And those who saw the buffaloes are gone.
Those who saw the buffaloes by thousands and how they pawed the prairie sod into dust with their hoofs, their great heads down pawing on in a great pageant of dusk,
Those who saw the buffaloes are gone.
And the buffaloes are gone.
Entity male entities: ['Buffaloes', 'Men', 'Thousands']
Entity female entities: ['Buffaloes', 'Thousands', 'They (referring to the buffaloes)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Louise Bogan, Epitaph for a Romantic Woman from Body of this Death: Poems (New York: Robert M. McBride, 1923). Copyright 1923 by Louise Bogan. Reprinted with the permission of the Estate of Louise Bogan.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Louise Bogan', 'Robert M. McBride', 'Estate of Louise Bogan']
Entity female entities: ['Louise Bogan', 'Romantic woman', 'Body']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Love is my sin, and thy dear virtue hate,
Hate of my sin, grounded on sinful loving.
O, but with mine compare thou thine own state,
And thou shalt find it merits not reproving;
Or if it do, not from those lips of thine,
That have profaned their scarlet ornaments
And sealed false bonds of love as oft as mine,
Robbed others beds revenues of their rents.
Be it lawful I love thee as thou lovst those
Whom thine eyes woo as mine importune thee:
Root pity in thy heart, that, when it grows,
Thy pity may deserve to pitied be.
    If thou dost seek to have what thou dost hide,
    By self-example mayst thou be denied.
Entity male entities: ['Love', 'Hate', 'Thou (addressing a male reader)', 'Lips', 'Eyes', 'Bonds', 'Rents', 'SelfI hope this helps! Let']
Entity female entities: ['Love', 'Virtue', 'Lips', 'Eyes', 'Rents']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Ezra Pound, "Canto XXXVI" from The Cantos of Ezra Pound. Copyright  1993 by Ezra Pound. Reprinted by permission of New Directions Publishing Corporation.
Entity male entities: ['Ezra Pound', 'Canto', 'New Directions Publishing Corporation']
Entity female entities: ['Ezra Pound', 'Pound', 'New Directions Publishing Corporation']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The sea-wash never ends.
The sea-wash repeats, repeats.
Only old songs? Is that all the sea knows?
             Only the old strong songs?
             Is that all?
The sea-wash repeats, repeats.
Entity male entities: ['Sea', 'Old songs']
Entity female entities: ['Sea', 'Old songs']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Originally published in Poetry, March 1914.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Poetry', 'March', '1914']
Entity female entities: ['Poet', 'March', '1914']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Alas, have I not pain enough, my friend,
Upon whose breast a fiercer gripe doth tire
Than did on him who first stale down the fire,
While Love on me doth all his quiver spend,
But with your rhubarb words you must contend
To grieve me worse, in saying that Desire
Doth plunge my well-formed soul even in the mire
Of sinful thoughts, which do in ruin end?
If that be sin which doth the manners frame,
Well stayed with truth in word and faith of deed,
Ready of wit, and fearing naught but shame;
If that be sin which in fixed hearts doth breed
A loathing of all loose unchastity,
Then love is sin, and let me sinful be.
Entity male entities: ['Man', 'Him', 'Love', 'Desire', 'Manly', 'Soul', 'Heart', 'Wit', 'Shame']
Entity female entities: ['Love', 'Desire', 'Truth', 'Faith', 'Shame']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'But then there comes that moment rare
When, for no cause that I can find,
The little voices of the air
Sound above all the sea and wind.

The sea and wind do then obey
And sighing, sighing double notes
Of double basses, content to play
A droning chord for the little throats

The little throats that sing and rise
Up into the light with lovely ease
And a kind of magical, sweet surprise
To hear and know themselves for these

For these little voices: the bee, the fly,
The leaf that taps, the pod that breaks,
The breeze on the grass-tops bending by,
The shrill quick sound that the insect makes.
Entity male entities: ['Bee', 'Fly', 'Leaf', 'Pod', 'Breeze', 'Insect']
Entity female entities: ['Bee', 'Fly', 'Leaf', 'Pod', 'Grass', 'Insect']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Stella is sick, and in that sick-bed lies
Sweetness, that breathes and pants as oft as she;
And grace, sick too, such fine conclusions tries
That sickness brags itself best graced to be.
    Beauty is sick, but sick in so fair guise
That in that paleness beautys white we see;
And joy, which is inseparate from these eyes,
Stella now learns (strange case!) to weep in thee.
   Love moves thy pain, and like a faithful page,
As thy looks stir, runs up and down, to make
All folks prest at thy will thy pain to assuage;
Nature with care sweats for her darlings sake,
   Knowing worlds pass, ere she enough can find
   Of such heaven stuff, to clothe so heavenly mind.
Entity male entities: ['Sweetness', 'Grace', 'Beauty', 'Love', 'Nature']
Entity female entities: ['Stella', 'Sweetness', 'Grace', 'Beauty', 'Joy', 'Love', 'Nature']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Lucks, my fair falcon, and your fellows all,
   How well pleasant it were your liberty!
Ye not forsake me that fair might ye befall.
But they that sometime liked my company:
Like lice away from dead bodies they crawl.
Lo what a proof in light adversity!
But ye my birds, I swear by all your bells,
Ye be my friends, and so be but few else.
Entity male entities: ['Lucks', 'Falcon', 'Fellow', 'They (plural)', 'I (referring to himself as']
Entity female entities: ['Lucks', 'Falcon', 'Lady', 'Women', 'Birds']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Drink to me only with thine eyes,
         And I will pledge with mine;
Or leave a kiss but in the cup,
         And Ill not look for wine.
The thirst that from the soul doth rise
         Doth ask a drink divine;
But might I of Joves nectar sup,
         I would not change for thine.

I sent thee late a rosy wreath,
         Not so much honouring thee
As giving it a hope, that there
         It could not withered be.
But thou thereon didst only breathe,
         And sentst it back to me;
Since when it grows, and smells, I swear,
         Not of itself, but thee.
Entity male entities: ['Love', 'Soul', 'Jupiter (mentioned in line 5)', 'Self (mentioned in line 13)', 'Thou (mentioned in lines 16']
Entity female entities: ['Eyes', 'Soul', 'Wine', 'Nectar (mentioned as a drink', 'Rose (mentioned in the line', 'Thou (used as a pronoun']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Archibald MacLeish, Definition of the Frontiers from Collected Poems 1917-1982. Copyright  1985 by The Estate of Archibald MacLeish. Reprinted with the permission of Houghton Mifflin Company. All rights reserved.
Entity male entities: ['Archibald MacLeish', 'Estate of Archibald MacLeish', 'Houghton Mifflin Company']
Entity female entities: ['Estate', 'Houghton Mifflin Company', 'MacLeish']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'My bands of silk and miniver
Momently grew heavier;
The black gauze was beggarly thin;
The ermine muffled mouth and chin;
I could not suck the moonlight in.

Harlequin in lozenges
Of love and hate, I walked in these
Striped and ragged rigmaroles;
Along the pavement my footsoles
Trod warily on living coals.

Shouldering the thoughts I loathed,
In their corrupt disguises clothed,
Morality I could not tear
From my ribs, to leave them bare
Ivory in silver air.

There I walked, and there I raged;
The spiritual savage caged
Within my skeleton, raged afresh
To feel, behind a carnal mesh,
The clean bones crying in the flesh.
Entity male entities: ['Harlequin', 'Man', 'I', 'Love', 'Hate', 'Morality', 'Thoughts', 'Ribs', 'Bones', 'Savage']
Entity female entities: ['Moonlight', 'Momently', 'Ermine', 'Black gauze', 'Harlequin', 'Morality', 'Ribs', 'IvoryThese are the only female']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'With how sad steps, O Moon, thou climb'st the skies!
How silently, and with how wan a face!
What, may it be that even in heav'nly place
That busy archer his sharp arrows tries!
Sure, if that long-with love-acquainted eyes
Can judge of love, thou feel'st a lover's case,
I read it in thy looks; thy languish'd grace
To me, that feel the like, thy state descries.
Then, ev'n of fellowship, O Moon, tell me,
Is constant love deem'd there but want of wit?
Are beauties there as proud as here they be?
Do they above love to be lov'd, and yet
Those lovers scorn whom that love doth possess?
Do they call virtue there ungratefulness?
Entity male entities: ['Moon', 'Busy archer', 'Love', 'Fellowship', 'Wit', 'Beauties', 'Lovers', 'Virtue']
Entity female entities: ['Moon', 'Love', 'Beauties', 'Virtue']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The lowest trees have tops, the ant her gall,
The fly her spleen, the little sparks their heat;
The slender hairs cast shadows, though but small,
And bees have stings, although they be not great;
Seas have their source, and so have shallow springs;
And love is love, in beggars as in kings.

Where rivers smoothest run, deep are the fords;
The dial stirs, yet none perceives it move;
The firmest faith is in the fewest words;
The turtles cannot sing, and yet they love:
True hearts have eyes and ears, no tongues to speak;
They hear and see, and sigh, and then they break.
Entity male entities: ['Fly', 'Bees', 'Rivers', 'Dial', 'Turtles', 'Men (referenced in the last']
Entity female entities: ['Ant', 'Fly', 'Bees', 'Seas', 'Springs', 'Love (in the line "And', 'Turtles', 'True hearts (which are personified']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Originally published in Poetry, August 1922.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Poetry', 'August', '1922']
Entity female entities: ['Poetry', 'August', '1922']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'A face that should content me wondrous well
Should not be fair but lovely to behold,
With gladsome cheer all grief for to expel;
With sober looks so would I that it should
Speak without words such words as none can tell;
Her tress also should be of crisped gold;
With wit; and thus might chance I might be tied,
And knit again the knot that should not slide.
Entity male entities: ['Face', 'Man (mentioned twice)', 'Wit']
Entity female entities: ['Face', 'Grief', 'Hair (referred to as "tress")', 'Wit']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I spot the hills
With yellow balls in autumn.
I light the prairie cornfields
Orange and tawny gold clusters
And I am called pumpkins.
On the last of October
When dusk is fallen
Children join hands
And circle round me
Singing ghost songs
And love to the harvest moon;
I am a jack-o'-lantern
With terrible teeth
And the children know
I am fooling.
Entity male entities: ['hills', 'prairie', 'cornfields', 'pumpkins', 'children', 'moon']
Entity female entities: ['hills', 'pumpkins', 'children']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When she rises in the morning
I linger to watch her;
She spreads the bath-cloth underneath the window
And the sunbeams catch her
Glistening white on the shoulders,
While down her sides the mellow
Golden shadow glows as
She stoops to the sponge, and her swung breasts
Sway like full-blown yellow
Gloire de Dijon roses.

She drips herself with water, and her shoulders
Glisten as silver, they crumple up
Like wet and falling roses, and I listen
For the sluicing of their rain-dishevelled petals.
In the window full of sunlight
Concentrates her golden shadow
Fold on fold, until it glows as
Mellow as the glory roses.
Entity male entities: ['Sunbeams', 'Golden shadow', 'Breasts', 'Roses (only once, in the']
Entity female entities: ['She', 'Her', 'Breasts', 'Roses (referring to the "Gloire', 'She (used as a pronoun']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Elinor Wylie, Epitaph from Selected Works of Elinor Wylie, edited by Evelyn Helmick Hively. Used with the permission of The Kent State University Press, http://upress.kent.edu/books/Hively2.htm.
Entity male entities: ['Elinor Wylie', 'Evelyn Helmick Hively']
Entity female entities: ['Elinor Wylie', 'Evelyn Helmick Hively']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Muses that sing love's sensual empery,
And lovers kindling your enraged fires
At Cupid's bonfires burning in the eye,
Blown with the empty breath of vain desires;
You that prefer the painted cabinet
Before the wealthy jewels it doth store ye,
That all your joys in dying figures set,
And stain the living substance of your glory;
Abjure those joys, abhor their memory,
And let my love the honour'd subject be
Of love, and honour's complete history.
Your eyes were never yet let in to see
The majesty and riches of the mind,
But dwell in darkness; for your god is blind.
Entity male entities: ['Muses', 'Lovers', 'Cupid', 'Empery (a typo, should be', 'Vain desires', "Subject (referring to the speaker's", 'Honoured subject (again referring to', 'God (mentioned in the line']
Entity female entities: ['Muses', 'Lovers', 'Cupid', 'Empress', 'Subject (referring to a female']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Michael Anania, Memorial Day from Selected Poems. Copyright  1994 by Michael Anania. Used by permission of Asphodel Press/Acorn Alliance.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Michael Anania', 'Memorial Day', 'Asphodel Press/Acorn Alliance']
Entity female entities: ['Michael Anania', 'Memorial Day', 'Asphodel Press', 'Acorn Alliance']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Love like a jugler, comes to play his prise,
    And all minds draw his wonders to admire,
    To see how cuningly hee, wanting eyes,
    Can yett deseave the best sight of desire:

 The wanton child, how hee can faine his fire
    So pretely, as none sees his disguise!
    How finely doe his tricks, while wee fooles hire
    The badge, and office of his tirannies,

For in the end, such jugling hee doth make
    As hee our harts, in stead of eyes doth take
    For men can only by theyr slieghts abuse

The sight with nimble, and delightful skill;
    Butt if hee play, his gaine is our lost will:
    Yett childlike, wee can nott his sports refuse.
Entity male entities: ['Love', 'Jugler', 'Wanton child', 'Men', 'He (used as a pronoun']
Entity female entities: ['Love', 'Wanton child', 'Eyes', 'Heart', 'Will']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Tis true, tis day, what though it be?
O wilt thou therefore rise from me?
Why should we rise because tis light?
Did we lie down because twas night?
Love, which in spite of darkness brought us hither,
Should in despite of light keep us together.

Light hath no tongue, but is all eye;
If it could speak as well as spy,
This were the worst that it could say,
That being well I fain would stay,
And that I loved my heart and honour so,
That I would not from him, that had them, go.

Must business thee from hence remove?
Oh, thats the worst disease of love,
The poor, the foul, the false, love can
Admit, but not the busied man.
He which hath business, and makes love, doth do
Such wrong, as when a married man doth woo.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ', ...]', 'Man', 'Love', 'Light', 'Business', 'Man (mentioned twice)']
Entity female entities: ['Love', 'Light', 'Night', 'Darkness', 'Heart', 'Honour', 'Woman (mentioned in the phrase']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Originally published in Poetry, August 1922.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Poetry', 'August', '1922']
Entity female entities: ['Poetry', 'August', '1922']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Come darkest night, becoming sorrow best;
    Light; leave thy light; fitt for a lightsome soule;
    Darknes doth truly sure with mee oprest
    Whom absence power doth from mirthe controle:

The very trees with hanging heads condole
    Sweet sommers parting, and of leaves distrest
    In dying coulers make a griefe-full role;
    Soe much (alas) to sorrow are they prest,

Thus of dead leaves her farewell carpetts made:
    Theyr fall, theyr branches, all theyr mournings prove;
    With leavles, naked bodies, whose huese vade
    From hopefull greene, to wither in theyr love,

If trees, and leaves for absence, mourners bee
Noe mervaile that I grieve, who like want see.
Entity male entities: ['Night', 'Light', 'Soul', 'Power', 'Mirthe (a synonym for "mirth")', 'Absence', 'Leaves', 'Trees', 'Bodies', 'Love']
Entity female entities: ['Light', 'Soul', 'Mirthe (a name)', 'Leaves', 'Nature (referred to as a', 'Hope (referred to as a']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Shall I compare thee to a summers day?
Thou art more lovely and more temperate:
Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May,
And summers lease hath all too short a date;
Sometime too hot the eye of heaven shines,
And often is his gold complexion dimm'd;
And every fair from fair sometime declines,
By chance or natures changing course untrimm'd;
But thy eternal summer shall not fade,
Nor lose possession of that fair thou owst;
Nor shall death brag thou wanderst in his shade,
When in eternal lines to time thou growst:
   So long as men can breathe or eyes can see,
   So long lives this, and this gives life to thee.
Entity male entities: ['Some of these entities can']
Entity female entities: ['Some of these entities can']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Originally published in Poetry, March 1914.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Poetry', 'March', '1914']
Entity female entities: ['Poetry', 'March', '1914']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Spring, the sweet spring, is the years pleasant king,
Then blooms each thing, then maids dance in a ring,
Cold doth not sting, the pretty birds do sing:
      Cuckoo, jug-jug, pu-we, to-witta-woo!

The palm and may make country houses gay,
Lambs frisk and play, the shepherds pipe all day,
And we hear aye birds tune this merry lay:
      Cuckoo, jug-jug, pu-we, to-witta-woo!

The fields breathe sweet, the daisies kiss our feet,
Young lovers meet, old wives a-sunning sit,
In every street these tunes our ears do greet:
      Cuckoo, jug-jug, pu-we, to witta-woo!
            Spring, the sweet spring!
Entity male entities: ['Spring', 'King', 'Cuckoo', 'Shepherds', 'Lovers', 'Young men', 'Old men']
Entity female entities: ['Spring', 'Maids', 'Birds (mentioned as "pretty birds")', 'Cuckoo (mentioned as "Cuckoo, jug-jug,']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Were you but lying cold and dead,
And lights were paling out of the West,
You would come hither, and bend your head,
And I would lay my head on your breast;
And you would murmur tender words,
Forgiving me, because you were dead:
Nor would you rise and hasten away,
Though you have the will of wild birds,
But know your hair was bound and wound
About the stars and moon and sun:
O would, beloved, that you lay
Under the dock-leaves in the ground,
While lights were paling one by one.
Entity male entities: ['You', 'Dead', 'Birds', 'Sun', 'Moon']
Entity female entities: ['You', 'West', 'Moon', 'Sun', 'Hair', 'Stars']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Originally published in Poetry, May 1917.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Poetry', 'May', '1917']
Entity female entities: ['May', 'Poetry', '1917']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Stella, since thou so right a princess art
Of all the powers which life bestows on me,
There ere by them aught undertaken be
They first resort unto that sovereign part;
Sweet, for a while give respite to my heart,
Which pants as though it still should leap to thee,
And on my thoughts give thy lieutenancy
To this great cause, which needs both use and art,
And as a queen, who from her presence sends
Whom she employs, dismiss from thee my wit,
Till it have wrought what thy own will attends.
On servants shame oft masters blame doth sit.
Oh let not fools in me thy works reprove,
And scorning say, See what it is to love.
Entity male entities: ['Stella', 'life', 'them', 'sovereign part', 'heart', 'thoughts', 'lieutenancy', 'cause', 'masters', 'servants', 'fools']
Entity female entities: ['Stella', 'princess', 'queen', 'woman', 'servant', 'fool']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When I am dead and over me bright April
Shakes out her rain-drenched hair,
Tho' you should lean above me broken-hearted,
I shall not care.

I shall have peace, as leafy trees are peaceful
When rain bends down the bough,
And I shall be more silent and cold-hearted
Than you are now.
Entity male entities: ['April', 'Rain', 'Heart', 'Tree', 'Bough']
Entity female entities: ['April', 'Rain-drenched hair', 'Leafy trees', 'Heart (mentioned as a female']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Come, O come, my lifes delight,
Let me not in languor pine!
Love loves no delay; thy sight,
The more enjoyed, the more divine:
O come, and take from me
The pain of being deprived of thee!

Thou all sweetness dost enclose,
Like a little world of bliss.
Beauty guards thy looks: the rose
In them pure and eternal is.
Come, then, and make thy flight
As swift to me, as heavenly light.
Entity male entities: ['Come', 'Love', 'Thee', 'Thou', 'Beauty (referring to a male']
Entity female entities: ['Delight', 'Love', 'Beauty', 'Rose']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Give me hunger,
O you gods that sit and give
The world its orders.
Give me hunger, pain and want,
Shut me out with shame and failure
From your doors of gold and fame,
Give me your shabbiest, weariest hunger!

But leave me a little love,
A voice to speak to me in the day end,
A hand to touch me in the dark room
Breaking the long loneliness.
In the dusk of day-shapes
Blurring the sunset,
One little wandering, western star
Thrust out from the changing shores of shadow.
Let me go to the window,
Watch there the day-shapes of dusk
And wait and know the coming
Of a little love.
Entity male entities: ['gods', 'world', 'pain', 'shame', 'failure', 'love']
Entity female entities: ['gods', 'love', 'shame', 'failure', 'voice', 'hand', 'loneliness', 'star']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Doors, from Wind Song, is copyright  1957 by Carl Sandburg, and renewed 1985 by Margaret Sandburg, Janet Sandburg, and Helga Sandburg Crile, reprinted by permission of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company.
Entity male entities: ['Carl Sandburg', 'Margaret Sandburg', 'Janet Sandburg', 'Helga Sandburg Crile']
Entity female entities: ['Margaret Sandburg', 'Janet Sandburg', 'Helga Sandburg Crile']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'No crooked leg, no bleared eye,
No part deformed out of kind,
Nor yet so ugly half can be
As is the inward suspicious mind.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Man', 'Leg', 'Eye']
Entity female entities: ['No', 'Eye', 'Kind', 'Mind']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Gertrude Stein, Idem the Same: A Valentine to Sherwood Anderson from A Stein Reader. Copyright  1993 by Gertrude Stein. Reprinted by permission of David Higham: Estate of Gertrude Stein .
Entity male entities: ['Sherwood Anderson', 'David Higham']
Entity female entities: ['Gertrude Stein', 'Sherwood Anderson', 'David Higham']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Follow your saint, follow with accents sweet;
Haste you, sad notes, fall at her flying feet.
There, wrapp'd in cloud of sorrow, pity move,
And tell the ravisher of my soul I perish for her love:
But if she scorns my never-ceasing pain,
Then burst with sighing in her sight and ne'er return again.

All that I sung still to her praise did tend,
Still she was first; still she my songs did end;
Yet she my love and music both doth fly,
The music that her echo is and beauty's sympathy.
Then let my notes pursue her scornful flight:
It shall suffice that they were breath'd and died for her delight.
Entity male entities: ['Saint', 'Ravisher', 'Soul', 'Love', 'Pity', 'Ravisher (mentioned again)']
Entity female entities: ['Love', 'Soul', 'She', 'Beauty', 'Echo']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When to the sessions of sweet silent thought
I summon up remembrance of things past,
I sigh the lack of many a thing I sought,
And with old woes new wail my dear time's waste:
Then can I drown an eye, unus'd to flow,
For precious friends hid in death's dateless night,
And weep afresh love's long since cancell'd woe,
And moan th' expense of many a vanish'd sight;
Then can I grieve at grievances foregone,
And heavily from woe to woe tell o'er
The sad account of fore-bemoaned moan,
Which I new pay as if not paid before.
But if the while I think on thee, dear friend,
All losses are restor'd, and sorrows end.
Entity male entities: ['friend', 'dear friend']
Entity female entities: ['times', 'dear friend']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Alas, so all things now do hold their peace!
   Heaven and earth disturbed in no thing;
The beasts, the air, the birds their song do cease,
   The nightes car the stars about doth bring;
Calm is the sea; the waves work less and less:
   So am not I, whom love, alas! doth wring,
Bringing before my face the great increase
   Of my desires, whereat I weep and sing,
In joy and woe, as in a doubtful case.
   For my sweet thoughts sometime do pleasure bring:
But by and by, the cause of my disease
   Gives me a pang that inwardly doth sting,
When that I think what grief it is again
To live and lack the thing should rid my pain.
Entity male entities: ['Heaven', 'Earth', 'Beasts', 'Birds', 'Night', 'Stars', 'Sea', 'Waves', 'Love', 'Cause of disease (personified as']
Entity female entities: ['Heaven', 'Earth', 'Night', 'Stars', 'Love', 'Desires', 'Thoughts', 'Disease']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Wallace Stevens, "Of Mere Being" from The Palm at the End of the Mind: Selected Poems and a Play. Copyright  1967, 1969, 1971 by Holly Stevens.  Used by permission of Alfred A. Knopf, an imprint of the Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group, a division of Random House LLC. All rights reserved.
Entity male entities: ['Wallace Stevens', 'Holly Stevens (mentioned as the']
Entity female entities: ['Holly Stevens (mentioned as the', 'Mother (mentioned in the context']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Living, I had no might
To make you hear,
Now, in the inmost night,
I am so near
No whisper, falling light,
Divides us, dear.

Living, I had no claim
On your great hours.
Now the thin candle-flame,
The closing flowers,
Wed summer with my name, 
And these are ours.

Your shadow on the dust,
Strength, and a cry,
Delight, despair, mistrust, 
All these am I.
Dawn, and the far hills thrust
To a far sky.

Living, I had no skill
To stay your tread,
Now all that was my will
Silence has said.
We are one for good and ill
Since I am dead.
Entity male entities: ['Some of these entities can']
Entity female entities: ['Some of these entities can']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Basil Bunting, 13. Fearful Symmetry from Complete Poems, edited by Richard Caddel. Reprinted with the permission of Bloodaxe Books Ltd., www.bloodaxebooks.com.
Entity male entities: ['Basil Bunting', 'Richard Caddel', 'Fearful Symmetry']
Entity female entities: ['Basil Bunting', 'Fearful Symmetry', 'Richard Caddel', 'Bloodaxe Books']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Cherry-lipt Adonis in his snowie shape,
    Might not compare with his pure ivorie white,
    On whose faire front a poets pen may write,
Whose roseate red excels the crimson grape,
His love-enticing delicate soft limbs,
    Are rarely framd tintrap poore gazine eies:
    His cheeks, the lillie and carnation dies,
With lovely tincture which Apollos dims.
His lips ripe strawberries in nectar wet,
    His mouth a Hive, his tongue a hony-combe,
    Where Muses (like bees) make their mansion.
His teeth pure pearle in blushing correll set.
    Oh how can such a body sinne-procuring,
    Be slow to love, and quicke to hate, enduring?
Entity male entities: ['Cherry-lipt Adonis', 'Adonis', 'Front', 'Face', 'Limbs', 'Cheeks', 'Lips', 'Mouth', 'Teeth', 'Body']
Entity female entities: ['Cherry-lipt Adonis', 'Ivory white', 'Roseate red', 'Crimson grape', 'Delicate soft limbs', 'Lillie and carnation dies', 'Lovely tincture', 'Apollos dims', 'Strawberries', 'Honey-combe', 'Pearle in blushing correll setPlease']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I never knew the earth had so much gold
The fields run over with it, and this hill
Hoary and old,
Is young with buoyant blooms that flame and thrill.

Such golden fires, such yellowlo, how good
This spendthrift world, and what a lavish God!
This fringe of wood,
Blazing with buttercup and goldenrod.

You too, beloved, are changed. Again I see
Your face grow mystical, as on that night
You turned to me,
And all the trembling worldand youwere white.

Aye, you are touched; your singing lips grow dumb;
The fields absorb you, color you entire . . .
And you become
A goddess standing in a world of fire!
Entity male entities: ['God', 'World', 'Man (mentioned in the phrase', 'You (addressed as "beloved")I hope']
Entity female entities: ['Earth', 'Goddess', 'World', "You (referring to the speaker's"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The fog comes
on little cat feet.

It sits looking
over harbor and city
on silent haunches
and then moves on.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'cat', 'haunches', 'city']
Entity female entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'cat', 'harbor', 'city']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The silver swan, who living had no note,
When death approached, unlocked her silent throat;
Leaning her breast against the reedy shore,
Thus sung her first and last, and sung no more:
Farewell, all joys; Oh death, come close mine eyes;
More geese than swans now live, more fools than wise.
Entity male entities: ['Swan', 'Death', 'Man']
Entity female entities: ['Swan', 'The silver swan', 'She (referring to the swan)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'What is your substance, whereof are you made,
That millions of strange shadows on you tend?
Since every one hath, every one, one shade,
And you, but one, can every shadow lend.
Describe Adonis, and the counterfeit
Is poorly imitated after you;
On Helen's cheek all art of beauty set,
And you in Grecian tires are painted new.
Speak of the spring and foison of the year:
The one doth shadow of your beauty show,
The other as your bounty doth appear;
And you in every blessed shape we know.
    In all external grace you have some part,
    But you like none, none you, for constant heart.
Entity male entities: ['Adonis', 'Helens (a reference to Helen', 'The speaker (addressing Adonis)', 'The counterfeit (a reference to', "The speaker's own heart (which"]
Entity female entities: ['Adonis', 'Helen', 'Greece', 'Spring', 'Foison (a metaphor for the', 'Beauty (represented by various female']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'With how sad steps, O Moon, thou climb'st the skies!
How silently, and with how wan a face!
What, may it be that even in heav'nly place
That busy archer his sharp arrows tries!
Sure, if that long-with love-acquainted eyes
Can judge of love, thou feel'st a lover's case,
I read it in thy looks; thy languish'd grace
To me, that feel the like, thy state descries.
Then, ev'n of fellowship, O Moon, tell me,
Is constant love deem'd there but want of wit?
Are beauties there as proud as here they be?
Do they above love to be lov'd, and yet
Those lovers scorn whom that love doth possess?
Do they call virtue there ungratefulness?
Entity male entities: ['Moon', 'Busy archer', 'Love', 'Fellowship', 'Wit', 'Beauties', 'Lovers', 'Virtue']
Entity female entities: ['Moon', 'Love', 'Beauties', 'Virtue']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Originally published in Poetry, March 1914.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Poetry', 'March', '1914']
Entity female entities: ['Poetry', 'March', '1914']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Only the wanderer
   Knows England's graces,
Or can anew see clear
   Familiar faces.

And who loves joy as he
   That dwells in shadows?
Do not forget me quite,
   O Severn meadows.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ', ...]', 'Wanderer', 'England', 'Face', 'Joy', 'Shadows', 'Severn']
Entity female entities: ['England', 'Face', 'Joy', 'Me (mentioned twice)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Methought I saw the grave where Laura lay,
Within that temple where the vestal flame
Was wont to burn; and, passing by that way,
To see that buried dust of living fame,
Whose tomb fair Love, and fairer Virtue kept:
All suddenly I saw the Fairy Queen;
At whose approach the soul of Petrarch wept,
And, from thenceforth, those Graces were not seen:
For they this queen attended; in whose stead
Oblivion laid him down on Lauras hearse:
Hereat the hardest stones were seen to bleed,
And groans of buried ghosts the heavens did pierce:
Where Homers spright did tremble all for grief,
And cursed the access of that celestial thief!
Entity male entities: ['Petrarch', 'Fairy Queen', 'Graces', 'Homers', "Homer's spright (a reference to"]
Entity female entities: ['Laura', 'Fairy Queen', 'Graces', 'Virtue', 'Love', "Petrarch's soul", "Laura's hearse"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'If all the world and love were young,
And truth in every Shepherds tongue,
These pretty pleasures might me move,
To live with thee, and be thy love.

Time drives the flocks from field to fold,
When Rivers rage and Rocks grow cold,
And Philomel becometh dumb,
The rest complains of cares to come.

The flowers do fade, and wanton fields,
To wayward winter reckoning yields,
A honey tongue, a heart of gall,
Is fancys spring, but sorrows fall.

Thy gowns, thy shoes, thy beds of Roses,
Thy cap, thy kirtle, and thy posies
Soon break, soon wither, soon forgotten:
In folly ripe, in reason rotten.

Thy belt of straw and Ivy buds,
The Coral clasps and amber studs,
All these in me no means can move
To come to thee and be thy love.

But could youth last, and love still breed,
Had joys no date, nor age no need,
Then these delights my mind might move
To live with thee, and be thy love.
Entity male entities: ['Shepherd', 'Rivers', 'Rocks', 'Philomel (a nightingale)', 'Winter', 'Flower', 'Gall (a plant)', 'Fool (a person)', 'Love', 'Man (a general term for']
Entity female entities: ['World', 'Love', 'Shepherds', 'Philomel (a nightingale)', 'Flowers', 'Winter', 'Roses', 'Gowns', 'Shoes', 'Beds', 'Cap', 'Kirtle', 'Posies', 'Ivy', 'Coral', 'AmberI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Supper comes at five o'clock,
At six, the evening star,
My lover comes at eight o'clock
But eight o'clock is far.

How could I bear my pain all day
Unless I watched to see
The clock-hands laboring to bring
Eight o'clock to me.
Entity male entities: ['Supper', 'My lover', 'Clock-hands']
Entity female entities: ['Supper', 'Evening star', 'My lover']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Hugh MacDiarmid, Gairmscoile from Selected Poetry. Copyright  1992 by Alan Riach and Michael Grieve. Reprinted with the permission of New Directions Publishing Corporation.
Entity male entities: ['Hugh MacDiarmid', 'Gairmscoile']
Entity female entities: ['Gairmscoile', 'Hugh MacDiarmid']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'But love whilst that thou mayst be loved again,
Now whilst thy May hath filled thy lap with flowers,
Now whilst thy beauty bears without a stain,
Now use the summer smiles, ere winter lowers.
And whilst thou spreadst unto the rising sun
The fairest flower that ever saw the light,
Now joy thy time before thy sweet be done,
And, Delia, think thy morning must have night,
And that thy brightness sets at length to west,
When thou wilt close up that which now thou shewst;
And think the same becomes thy fading best
Which then shall most inveil and shadow most.
Men do not weigh the stalk for what it was,
When once they find her flower, her glory, pass.
Entity male entities: ['Men', 'Delia', 'Sun', 'West']
Entity female entities: ['May', 'Delia', 'beauty', 'morning', 'sun', 'flower', 'brightness', 'west']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When thou must home to shades of underground,
And there arriv'd, a new admired guest,
The beauteous spirits do engirt thee round,
White Iope, blithe Helen, and the rest,
To hear the stories of thy finish'd love
From that smooth tongue whose music hell can move;

Then wilt thou speak of banqueting delights,
Of masques and revels which sweet youth did make,
Of tourneys and great challenges of knights,
And all these triumphs for thy beauty's sake:
When thou hast told these honours done to thee,
Then tell, O tell, how thou didst murder me.
Entity male entities: ['Guest', 'Spirits', 'Iope', 'Helen', 'Knight', 'Tongue', 'Youth']
Entity female entities: ['Iope', 'Helen', 'White Iope']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Her terrace was the sand
And the palms and the twilight.
 
She made of the motions of her wrist
The grandiose gestures
Of her thought.
 
The rumpling of the plumes
Of this creature of the evening
Came to be sleights of sails
Over the sea.
 
And thus she roamed
In the roamings of her fan,

Partaking of the sea,
And of the evening,
As they flowed around
And uttered their subsiding sound.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Creature', 'Sails', 'Sea']
Entity female entities: ['', ',', ',', ', ...]', 'She', 'Her', 'The creature of the evening', 'The sea', 'The evening']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Under the greenwood tree
Who loves to lie with me,
And turn his merry note
Unto the sweet bird's throat,
Come hither, come hither, come hither:
            Here shall he see
            No enemy
But winter and rough weather.

Who doth ambition shun
And loves to live i' the sun,
Seeking the food he eats,
And pleased with what he gets,
Come hither, come hither, come hither:
            Here shall he see
            No enemy
But winter and rough weather.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ', ...]', 'Man', 'Lover', 'Bird', 'Hunter', 'Sun', 'Food', 'Enemy (mentioned twice)']
Entity female entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Greenwood tree', 'Birds', 'Sun']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'E.E. Cummings, [love is more thicker than forget] from Complete Poems 1904-1962, edited by George J. Firmage. Copyright 1926, 1954, 1991 by the Trustees for the E.E. Cummings Trust. Copyright  1985 by George James Firmage. Reprinted with the permission of Liveright Publishing Corporation.
Entity male entities: ['E.E. Cummings', 'George J. Firmage', 'Trustees (plural, referring to the', 'George James Firmage (as an']
Entity female entities: ['E.E. Cummings', 'love', 'forget']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'And if I did, what then?
Are you aggrievd therefore?
The sea hath fish for every man,
And what would you have more?

   Thus did my mistress once,
Amaze my mind with doubt;
And poppd a question for the nonce
To beat my brains about.

   Whereto I thus replied:
Each fisherman can wish
That all the seas at every tide
Were his alone to fish.

   And so did I (in vain)
But since it may not be,
Let such fish there as find the gain,
And leave the loss for me.

   And with such luck and loss
I will content myself,
Till tides of turning time may toss
Such fishers on the shelf.

   And when they stick on sands,
That every man may see,
Then will I laugh and clap my hands,
As they do now at me.
Entity male entities: ['man', 'sea', 'fisherman', 'mistress', 'mind', 'nonce', 'brains', 'tide', 'seas', 'time', 'fishers', 'sandsAnd if you did what?You']
Entity female entities: ['mistress', 'sea', 'fish', 'woman (mentioned in the phrase', 'gain', 'loss', 'tides', 'timePlease let me know if']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'What is your substance, whereof are you made,
That millions of strange shadows on you tend?
Since every one hath, every one, one shade,
And you, but one, can every shadow lend.
Describe Adonis, and the counterfeit
Is poorly imitated after you;
On Helen's cheek all art of beauty set,
And you in Grecian tires are painted new.
Speak of the spring and foison of the year:
The one doth shadow of your beauty show,
The other as your bounty doth appear;
And you in every blessed shape we know.
    In all external grace you have some part,
    But you like none, none you, for constant heart.
Entity male entities: ['Adonis', 'Helens (a reference to Helen', 'The speaker (addressing Adonis)', 'The counterfeit (a reference to', "The speaker's own heart (which"]
Entity female entities: ['Adonis', 'Helen', 'Greece', 'Spring', 'Foison (a metaphor for the', 'Beauty (represented by various female']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'W. B. Yeats, A Dialogue of Self and Soul from The Poems of W. B. Yeats: A New Edition, edited by Richard J. Finneran. Copyright 1933 by Macmillan Publishing Company, renewed  1961 by Georgie Yeats. Reprinted with the permission of A. P. Watt, Ltd. on behalf of Michael Yeats.
Entity male entities: ['W.B. Yeats', 'Richard J. Finneran', 'Georgie Yeats', 'Michael Yeats']
Entity female entities: ['W. B. Yeats', 'Georgie Yeats', 'A. P. Watt']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'He protested all his life long
The newspapers lied about him villainously;
That he was not at fault for Minerva's fall,
But only tried to help her.
Poor soul so sunk in sin he could not see
That even trying to help her, as he called it,
He had broken the law human and divine.
Passers by, an ancient admonition to you:
If your ways would be ways of pleasantness,
And all your pathways peace,
Love God and keep his commandments.
Entity male entities: ['Life', 'Newspapers', 'Minerva', 'Soul', 'Man (mentioned in the phrase']
Entity female entities: ['Minerva', 'God (referenced as a female']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Ezra Pound, "Canto LXXXI" from The Cantos of Ezra Pound. Copyright  1993 by Ezra Pound. Reprinted by permission of New Directions Publishing Corporation.
Entity male entities: ['Ezra Pound', 'Canto', 'New Directions Publishing Corporation']
Entity female entities: ['Ezra Pound', 'Pound', 'New Directions Publishing Corporation']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I was only eight years old;
And before I grew up and knew what it meant
I had no words for it, except
That I was frightened and told my
Mother; And that my Father got a pistol
And would have killed Charlie, who was a big boy,
Fifteen years old, except for his Mother.
Nevertheless the story clung to me.
But the man who married me, a widower of thirty-five,
Was a newcomer and never heard it
Till two years after we were married.
Then he considered himself cheated,
And the village agreed that I was not really a virgin.
Well, he deserted me, and I died
The following winter.
Entity male entities: ['Charlie', 'Father', 'Husband', 'Mother']
Entity female entities: ['Mother', 'Woman (mentioned twice)', 'Daughter', 'Virgin']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Devouring Time, blunt thou the lion's paws,
And make the earth devour her own sweet brood;
Pluck the keen teeth from the fierce tiger's jaws,
And burn the long-liv'd Phoenix in her blood;
Make glad and sorry seasons as thou fleets,
And do whate'er thou wilt, swift-footed Time,
To the wide world and all her fading sweets;
But I forbid thee one more heinous crime:
O, carve not with the hours my love's fair brow,
Nor draw no lines there with thine antique pen!
Him in thy course untainted do allow
For beauty's pattern to succeeding men.
Yet do thy worst, old Time! Despite thy wrong
My love shall in my verse ever live young.
Entity male entities: ['Time', 'Lion', 'Tiger', 'Phoenix', "Man (referring to the speaker's"]
Entity female entities: ['Time', 'Earth', 'Phoenix', 'Loves fair brow (referring to']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Gut eats all day and lechers all the night;
So all his meat he tasteth over twice;
And, striving so to double his delight,
He makes himself a thoroughfare of vice.
Thus in his belly can he change a sin:
Lust it comes out, that gluttony went in.
Entity male entities: ['Gut', 'Lecher', 'He', 'Vice']
Entity female entities: ['Gut', 'Lust']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Knowlt Hoheimer ran away to the war
The day before Curl Trenary
Swore out a warrant through Justice Arnett
For stealing hogs.
But that's not the reason he turned a soldier.
He caught me running with Lucius Atherton.
We quarreled and I told him never again
To cross my path.
Then he stole the hogs and went to the war
Back of every soldier is a woman.
Entity male entities: ['Knowlt Hoheimer', 'Curl Trenary', 'Justice Arnett', 'Lucius Atherton']
Entity female entities: ['Knowlt Hoheimer', 'Curl Trenary', 'Justice Arnett', 'Lucius Atherton']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'O Mistress mine where are you roaming?
O stay and hear, your true love's coming,
      That can sing both high and low.
Trip no further pretty sweeting.
Journeys end in lovers' meeting,
      Every wise man's son doth know.

What is love, 'tis not hereafter,
Present mirth, hath present laughter:
      What's to come, is still unsure.
In delay there lies no plenty,
Then come kiss me sweet and twenty:
      Youth's a stuff will not endure.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ', ...]', 'Mistress', 'True love', 'Sweet', "Every wise man's son", 'Present mirth', 'Youth']
Entity female entities: ['', ',', ',', ', ...]', 'Mistress', 'Sweet', 'Love', "Wise man's son", 'Youth']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Since she whom I lov'd hath paid her last debt
To nature, and to hers, and my good is dead,
And her soul early into heaven ravished,
Wholly in heavenly things my mind is set.
Here the admiring her my mind did whet
To seek thee, God; so streams do show the head;
But though I have found thee, and thou my thirst hast fed,
A holy thirsty dropsy melts me yet.
But why should I beg more love, whenas thou
Dost woo my soul, for hers off'ring all thine,
And dost not only fear lest I allow
My love to saints and angels, things divine,
But in thy tender jealousy dost doubt
Lest the world, flesh, yea devil put thee out.
Entity male entities: ['God', 'Soul', 'Mind', 'Heaven', 'Nature', 'Flesh', 'Devil']
Entity female entities: ['She', 'Nature', 'Her (referring to the deceased', 'Soul', 'Herself', 'Mind', 'God', 'Saints', 'Angels', 'World', 'Flesh', 'Devil']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I on my horse, and Love on me, doth try
Our horsemanships, while by strange work I prove
A horseman to my horse, a horse to Love,
And now mans wrongs in me, poor beast, descry.
The reins wherewith my rider doth me tie
Are humbled thoughts, which bit of reverence move,
Curbed in with fear, but with gilt boss above
Of hope, which makes it seem fair to the eye.
The wand is will; thou, fancy, saddle art,
Girt fast by memory; and while I spur
My horse, he spurs with sharp desire to my heart;
He sits me fast, however I do stir;
And now hath made me to his hand so right
That in the manage myself takes delight.
Entity male entities: ['I', 'Love', 'rider', 'horse', 'man', 'wrongs', 'fear', 'desire', 'hand']
Entity female entities: ['Love', 'horse', "me (referring to the speaker's", 'wrongs (a female noun, as', 'memory (a female noun, as', 'heart (a female organ)I hope']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'You dweller in the dark cabin,
To whom the watermelon is always purple,   
Whose garden is wind and moon,

Of the two dreams, night and day,
What lover, what dreamer, would choose   
The one obscured by sleep?

Here is the plantain by your door   
And the best cock of red feather   
That crew before the clocks.

A feme may come, leaf-green,   
Whose coming may give revel   
Beyond revelries of sleep,

Yes, and the blackbird spread its tail,   
So that the sun may speckle,   
While it creaks hail.

You dweller in the dark cabin,   
Rise, since rising will not waken,   
And hail, cry hail, cry hail.
Entity male entities: ['Dweller', 'Lover', 'Dreamer', 'Blackbird']
Entity female entities: ['Dweller', 'Watermelon', 'Garden', 'Dreams (referred to as "she"', 'Femme (mentioned in the line', 'Blackbird (mentioned in the line']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I wanted you, nameless Woman of the South,
No wraith, but utterlyas still more alone
The Southern Cross takes night
And lifts her girdles from her, one by one
High, cool,
wide from the slowly smoldering fire
Of lower heavens,
vaporous scars!

Eve! Magdalene!
or Mary, you?

Whatever callfalls vainly on the wave.
O simian Venus, homeless Eve,
Unwedded, stumbling gardenless to grieve
Windswept guitars on lonely decks forever;
Finally to answer all within one grave!

And this long wake of phosphor,
iridescent
Furrow of all our traveltrailed derision!
Eyes crumble at its kiss. Its long-drawn spell
Incites a yell. Slid on that backward vision
The mind is churned to spittle, whispering hell.

I wanted you . . . The embers of the Cross
Climbed by aslant and huddling aromatically.
It is blood to remember; it is fire
To stammer back . . . It is
Godyour namelessness. And the wash

All night the water combed you with black
Insolence. You crept out simmering, accomplished.
Water rattled that stinging coil, your
Rehearsed hairdocile, alas, from many arms.
Yes, Evewraith of my unloved seed!

The Cross, a phantom, buckleddropped below the dawn.
Light drowned the lithic trillions of your spawn.
Entity male entities: ['Some of these entities are']
Entity female entities: ['Some of these entities are']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'My Love is like to ice, and I to fire:
How comes it then that this her cold so great
Is not dissolved through my so hot desire,
But harder grows the more I her entreat?
Or how comes it that my exceeding heat
Is not allayed by her heart-frozen cold,
But that I burn much more in boiling sweat,
And feel my flames augmented manifold?
What more miraculous thing may be told,
That fire, which all things melts, should harden ice,
And ice, which is congeald with senseless cold,
Should kindle fire by wonderful device?
Such is the power of love in gentle mind,
That it can alter all the course of kind.
Entity male entities: ['Love', 'Fire', 'Ice']
Entity female entities: ['Love', 'Ice', 'Fire']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I find no peace, and all my war is done.
I fear and hope. I burn and freeze like ice.
I fly above the wind, yet can I not arise;
And nought I have, and all the world I season.
That loseth nor locketh holdeth me in prison
And holdeth me notyet can I scape no wise
Nor letteth me live nor die at my device,
And yet of death it giveth me occasion.
Without eyen I see, and without tongue I plain.
I desire to perish, and yet I ask health.
I love another, and thus I hate myself.
I feed me in sorrow and laugh in all my pain;
Likewise displeaseth me both life and death,
And my delight is causer of this strife.
Entity male entities: ['Man', 'I', 'World', 'Wind', 'Death', 'Self', 'Love', 'Hate', 'Pain', 'Life', 'Death']
Entity female entities: ['Peace', 'Hope', 'Ice', 'Wind', 'World', 'Death', 'Life', 'Self (mentioned in the phrase', 'Pain', 'Delight']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Moonmoth and grasshopper that flee our page
And still wing on, untarnished of the name
We pinion to your bodies to assuage
Our envy of your freedomwe must maim

Because we are usurpers, and chagrined
And take the wing and scar it in the hand.
Names we have, even, to clap on the wind;
But we must die, as you, to understand.

I dreamed that all men dropped their names, and sang
As only they can praise, who build their days
With fin and hoof, with wing and sweetened fang
Struck free and holy in one Name always.
Entity male entities: ['Moonmoth', 'Grasshopper', 'Man (mentioned multiple times)', 'Name (mentioned multiple times)']
Entity female entities: ['Moonmoth', 'Grasshopper', 'Names (referred to as a']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I will arise and go now, and go to Innisfree,
And a small cabin build there, of clay and wattles made;
Nine bean-rows will I have there, a hive for the honey-bee,
And live alone in the bee-loud glade.

And I shall have some peace there, for peace comes dropping slow,
Dropping from the veils of the morning to where the cricket sings;
There midnights all a glimmer, and noon a purple glow,
And evening full of the linnets wings.

I will arise and go now, for always night and day
I hear lake water lapping with low sounds by the shore;
While I stand on the roadway, or on the pavements grey,
I hear it in the deep hearts core.
Entity male entities: ['Man', 'Bee', 'Cricket', 'Linnet', 'Man (mentioned twice)']
Entity female entities: ['Innisfree', 'Honey-bee', 'Linnets', 'Cricket', 'Morning', 'Veils', 'Evening', 'Lake water', 'Grey pavements', "Deep heart's core"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'A strife is grown between Virtue and Love,
While each pretends that Stella must be his:
Her eyes, her lips, her all, saith Love, do this,
Since they do wear his badge, most firmly prove.
But Virtue thus that title doth disprove,
That Stella (O dear name) that Stella is
That virtuous soul, sure heir of heavnly bliss;
Not this fair outside, which our hearts doth move.
And therefore, though her beauty and her grace
Be Loves indeed, in Stellas self he may
By no pretense claim any manner place.
Well, Love, since this demur our suit doth stay,
Let Virtue have that Stella's self; yet thus,
Let Virtue but that body grant to us.
Entity male entities: ['Love', 'Virtue']
Entity female entities: ['Stella', 'Virtue', 'Love']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Hugh MacDiarmid, Gairmscoile from Selected Poetry. Copyright  1992 by Alan Riach and Michael Grieve. Reprinted with the permission of New Directions Publishing Corporation.
Entity male entities: ['Hugh MacDiarmid', 'Gairmscoile']
Entity female entities: ['Gairmscoile', 'Hugh MacDiarmid']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Leave me, O Love, which reachest but to dust;
And thou, my mind, aspire to higher things;
Grow rich in that which never taketh rust;
Whatever fades but fading pleasure brings.
Draw in thy beams and humble all thy might
To that sweet yoke where lasting freedoms be;
Which breaks the clouds and opens forth the light,
That both doth shine and give us sight to see.
O take fast hold; let that light be thy guide
In this small course which birth draws out to death,
And think how evil becometh him to slide,
Who seeketh heav'n, and comes of heav'nly breath.
Then farewell, world; thy uttermost I see:
Eternal Love, maintain thy life in me.
Entity male entities: ['Love', 'Mind', 'Light', 'Clouds', 'Breath', 'Heaven', 'Heavnly (sic)']
Entity female entities: ['Love', 'Mind', 'Freedoms', 'Light', 'Heaven', 'Breath']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Be your words made, good sir, of Indian ware,
That you allow me them by so small rate?
Or do you cutted Spartans imitate?
Or do you mean my tender ears to spare,
That to my questions you so total are?
When I demand of Phoenix Stella's state,
You say, forsooth, you left her well of late:
O God, think you that satisfies my care?
I would know whether she did sit or walk;
How cloth'd, how waited on; sigh'd she, or smil'd;
Whereof, with whom, how often did she talk;
With what pastime time's journey she beguiled;
If her lips deign'd to sweeten my poor name.
Say all; and all well said, still say the same.
Entity male entities: ['Sir', 'Spartans', 'Phoenix Stellas', 'God']
Entity female entities: ['Phoenix Stellas', 'Indian ware (mentioned as a', 'Spartans (mentioned as a group,', 'she (used as a pronoun']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Since so ye please to hear me plain,
And that ye do rejoice my smart,
Me list no lenger to remain
To such as be so overthwart.

But cursed be that cruel heart
Which hath procurd a careless mind
For me and mine unfeigned smart,
And forceth me such faults to find.

More than too much I am assured
Of thine intent, whereto to trust;
A speedless proof I have endured,
And now I leave it to them that lust.
Entity male entities: ['heart', 'mind', 'smart (mentioned twice)', 'mine (pronoun)', 'them (pronoun)']
Entity female entities: ['heart', 'mind', 'smart (mentioned twice)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'E.E. Cummings, [as freedom is a breakfastfood] from Complete Poems 1904-1962, edited by George J. Firmage. Copyright 1926, 1954, 1991 by the Trustees for the E.E. Cummings Trust. Copyright  1985 by George James Firmage. Reprinted with the permission of Liveright Publishing Corporation.
Entity male entities: ['E.E. Cummings', 'George J. Firmage', 'George James Firmage']
Entity female entities: ['E.E. Cummings', 'Freedom', 'Breakfast food']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Now in the West the slender moon lies low,
And now Orion glimmers through the trees,
Clearing the earth with even pace and slow,
And now the stately-moving Pleiades,
In that soft infinite darkness overhead
Hang jewel-wise upon a silver thread.

And all the lonelier stars that have their place,
Calm lamps within the distant southern sky,
And planet-dust upon the edge of space,
Look down upon the fretful world, and I
Look up to outer vastness unafraid
And see the stars which sang when earth was made.
Entity male entities: ['Orion', 'Pleiades', 'planet-dust (a reference to the']
Entity female entities: ['Moon', 'Pleiades', 'Stars (referred to as "she"']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Take, oh take those lips away,
      That so sweetly were forsworn,
And those eyes: the breake of day,
      Lights that do mislead the Morn;
But my kisses bring again, bring again,
Seals of love, but sealed in vain, sealed in vain.
Entity male entities: ['lips', 'eyes', 'morning']
Entity female entities: ['lips', 'eyes', 'morning']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Loving in truth, and fain in verse my love to show,
That she, dear she, might take some pleasure of my pain,
Pleasure might cause her read, reading might make her know,
Knowledge might pity win, and pity grace obtain,
I sought fit words to paint the blackest face of woe,
Studying inventions fine, her wits to entertain,
Oft turning others leaves, to see if thence would flow
Some fresh and fruitful showers upon my sunburned brain.
But words came halting forth, wanting Inventions stay:
Invention, Natures child, fled step-dame Studys blows,
And others feet still seemed but strangers in my way.
Thus great with child to speak, and helpless in my throes,
Biting my truant pen, beating myself for spite:
Fool, said my Muse to me, look in thy heart and write.
Entity male entities: ['Love', 'Wits', 'Inventions', 'Brain', 'Pen']
Entity female entities: ['Love', 'She', 'Wits', 'Knowledge', 'Pity', 'Grace', 'Inventions', 'Nature', 'Child', 'Muse']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'See, the grass is full of stars,
Fallen in their brightness;
Hearts they have of shining gold,
Rays of shining whiteness.

Buttercups have honeyed hearts,
Bees they love the clover,
But I love the daisies' dance
All the meadow over.

Blow, O blow, you happy winds,
Singing summer's praises,
Up the field and down the field
A-dancing with the daisies.
Entity male entities: ['He', 'Bees', 'Buttercups', 'Wind (referred to as "happy', 'Bees (again)']
Entity female entities: ['Buttercups', 'Daisies', 'Hearts (referring to the hearts']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I never knew the earth had so much gold
The fields run over with it, and this hill
Hoary and old,
Is young with buoyant blooms that flame and thrill.

Such golden fires, such yellowlo, how good
This spendthrift world, and what a lavish God!
This fringe of wood,
Blazing with buttercup and goldenrod.

You too, beloved, are changed. Again I see
Your face grow mystical, as on that night
You turned to me,
And all the trembling worldand youwere white.

Aye, you are touched; your singing lips grow dumb;
The fields absorb you, color you entire . . .
And you become
A goddess standing in a world of fire!
Entity male entities: ['God', 'World', 'Man (mentioned in the phrase', 'You (addressed as "beloved")I hope']
Entity female entities: ['Earth', 'Goddess', 'World', "You (referring to the speaker's"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Cherry-lipt Adonis in his snowie shape,
    Might not compare with his pure ivorie white,
    On whose faire front a poets pen may write,
Whose roseate red excels the crimson grape,
His love-enticing delicate soft limbs,
    Are rarely framd tintrap poore gazine eies:
    His cheeks, the lillie and carnation dies,
With lovely tincture which Apollos dims.
His lips ripe strawberries in nectar wet,
    His mouth a Hive, his tongue a hony-combe,
    Where Muses (like bees) make their mansion.
His teeth pure pearle in blushing correll set.
    Oh how can such a body sinne-procuring,
    Be slow to love, and quicke to hate, enduring?
Entity male entities: ['Cherry-lipt Adonis', 'Adonis', 'Front', 'Face', 'Limbs', 'Cheeks', 'Lips', 'Mouth', 'Teeth', 'Body']
Entity female entities: ['Cherry-lipt Adonis', 'Ivory white', 'Roseate red', 'Crimson grape', 'Delicate soft limbs', 'Lillie and carnation dies', 'Lovely tincture', 'Apollos dims', 'Strawberries', 'Honey-combe', 'Pearle in blushing correll setPlease']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Basil Bunting, 30. The Orotava Road from Complete Poems, edited by Richard Caddel. Reprinted with the permission of Bloodaxe Books Ltd., www.bloodaxebooks.com.
Entity male entities: ['Basil Bunting', 'Richard Caddel', 'Bloodaxe Books']
Entity female entities: ['Basil Bunting', 'Orotava Road', 'Richard Caddel', 'Bloodaxe Books']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Too high, too high to pluck
My heart shall swing.
A fruit no bee shall suck,
No wasp shall sting.

If on some night of cold
It falls to ground
In apple-leaves of gold
Ill wrap it round.

And I shall seal it up
With spice and salt,
In a carven silver cup,
In a deep vault.

Before my eyes are blind
And my lips mute,
I must eat core and rind
Of that same fruit.

Before my heart is dust
At the end of all,
Eat it I must, I must
Were it bitter gall.

But I shall keep it sweet
By some strange art;
Wild honey I shall eat
When I eat my heart.

O honey cool and chaste
As clovers breath!
Sweet Heaven I shall taste
Before my death.
Entity male entities: ['Some of these entities can']
Entity female entities: ['Some of these entities can']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Louise Bogan, Statue and Birds from The Blue Estuaries: Poems 1923-1968. Copyright  1968 by Louise Bogan. Used by permission of Farrar, Straus & Giroux, LLC, http://us.macmillan.com/fsg. All rights reserved.
Entity male entities: ['Louise Bogan', 'Statue', 'Birds']
Entity female entities: ['Louise Bogan', 'Statue', 'Birds']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Suddenly discovering in the eyes of the very beautiful
                            Normande cocotte
The eyes of the very learned British Museum assistant.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'British Museum assistant', 'Normande cocotte']
Entity female entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Normande cocotte', 'British Museum assistant']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Conrad Aiken, Summer from Collected Poems. Copyright  1953 by Conrad Aiken. Reprinted with the permission of Brandt & Hochman Literary Agents, Inc.
Entity male entities: ['Conrad Aiken', 'Summer']
Entity female entities: ['Summer', 'Collected Poems', 'Brandt & Hochman Literary Agents,']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'O sweet everlasting Voices, be still;
Go to the guards of the heavenly fold
And bid them wander obeying your will,
Flame under flame, till Time be no more;
Have you not heard that our hearts are old,
That you call in birds, in wind on the hill,
In shaken boughs, in tide on the shore?
O sweet everlasting Voices, be still.
Entity male entities: ['Voices', 'Guards', 'Time', 'Hearts']
Entity female entities: ['Voices', 'Heart', 'Birds', 'Wind', 'Hill', 'Tide']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The moon has left the sky, love,
The stars are hiding now,
And frowning on the world, love,
Night bares her sable brow.

The snow is on the ground, love,
And cold and keen the air is.
Im singing here to you, love;
Youre dreaming there in Paris.

But this is Natures law, love,
Though just it may not seem,
That men should wake to sing, love;
While maidens sleep and dream.

Them care may not molest, love,
Nor stir them from their slumbers,
Though midnight find the swain, love.
Still halting oer his numbers.

I watch the rosy dawn, love,
Come stealing up the east,
While all things round rejoice, love,
That Night her reign has ceased.

The lark will soon be heard, love,
And on his way be winging;
When Natures poets, wake, love,
Why should a man be singing?
Entity male entities: ['Man', 'Swain', 'Poets']
Entity female entities: ['Moon', 'Love', 'Night', 'World', 'Sable brow', 'Paris', 'Maidens', 'Slumbers', 'Midnight', 'Dawn', 'East', 'Rejoice', 'Nature', 'Poets']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Ezra Pound, "Canto III" from The Cantos of Ezra Pound. Copyright  1993 by Ezra Pound. Reprinted by permission of New Directions Publishing Corporation.
Entity male entities: ['Ezra Pound', 'Canto III', 'New Directions Publishing Corporation']
Entity female entities: ['Ezra Pound', 'Pound', 'New Directions Publishing Corporation']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'O! never say that I was false of heart,
Though absence seemed my flame to qualify.
As easy might I from myself depart
As from my soul, which in thy breast doth lie:
That is my home of love; if I have ranged,
Like him that travels, I return again,
Just to the time, not with the time exchanged,
So that myself bring water for my stain.
Never believe, though in my nature reigned
All frailties that besiege all kinds of blood,
That it could so preposterously be stained,
To leave for nothing all thy sum of good;
   For nothing this wide universe I call,
   Save thou, my rose; in it thou art my all.
Entity male entities: ['Heart', 'Flame', 'Soul', 'Self', "Him (referring to the speaker's", 'Nature', 'Blood', 'Universe', "Rose (referring to the speaker's"]
Entity female entities: ['Rose', 'Nature', 'Blood']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When she rises in the morning
I linger to watch her;
She spreads the bath-cloth underneath the window
And the sunbeams catch her
Glistening white on the shoulders,
While down her sides the mellow
Golden shadow glows as
She stoops to the sponge, and her swung breasts
Sway like full-blown yellow
Gloire de Dijon roses.

She drips herself with water, and her shoulders
Glisten as silver, they crumple up
Like wet and falling roses, and I listen
For the sluicing of their rain-dishevelled petals.
In the window full of sunlight
Concentrates her golden shadow
Fold on fold, until it glows as
Mellow as the glory roses.
Entity male entities: ['Sunbeams', 'Golden shadow', 'Breasts', 'Roses (only once, in the']
Entity female entities: ['She', 'Her', 'Breasts', 'Roses (referring to the "Gloire', 'She (used as a pronoun']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Men call you fair, and you do credit it,
For that your self ye daily such do see:
But the true fair, that is the gentle wit,
And vertuous mind, is much more prais'd of me.
For all the rest, how ever fair it be,
Shall turn to naught and lose that glorious hue:
But only that is permanent and free
From frail corruption, that doth flesh ensue.
That is true beauty: that doth argue you
To be divine, and born of heavenly seed:
Deriv'd from that fair Spirit, from whom all true
And perfect beauty did at first proceed.
He only fair, and what he fair hath made,
All other fair, like flowers untimely fade.
Entity male entities: ['Men', 'You', 'He']
Entity female entities: ['Fair', 'You', 'Mind', 'Wit', 'Me', 'True beauty', 'Heavenly seed', 'Fair Spirit']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Ezra Pound, "Canto I" from The Cantos of Ezra Pound. Copyright  1993 by Ezra Pound. Reprinted by permission of New Directions Publishing Corporation.
Entity male entities: ['Ezra Pound', 'Canto', 'New Directions Publishing Corporation']
Entity female entities: ['Ezra Pound', 'Pound', 'New Directions Publishing Corporation']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Like as a huntsman after weary chase,
Seeing the game from him escap'd away,
Sits down to rest him in some shady place,
With panting hounds beguiled of their prey:
So after long pursuit and vain assay,
When I all weary had the chase forsook,
The gentle deer return'd the self-same way,
Thinking to quench her thirst at the next brook.
There she beholding me with milder look,
Sought not to fly, but fearless still did bide:
Till I in hand her yet half trembling took,
And with her own goodwill her firmly tied.
Strange thing, me seem'd, to see a beast so wild,
So goodly won, with her own will beguil'd.
Entity male entities: ['huntsman', 'deer', 'hounds']
Entity female entities: ['deer', 'look', 'will', 'self-same', 'way', 'thirst', 'brook', 'beast', 'will', 'beguild']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Go wailing verse, the infants of my love,
Minerva-like, brought forth without a Mother:
Present the image of the cares I prove,
Witness your Fathers grief exceeds all other.
Sigh out a story of her cruel deeds,
With interrupted accents of despair:
A monument that whosoever reads,
May justly praise, and blame my loveless Fair.
Say her disdain hath dried up my blood,
And starved you, in succours still denying:
Press to her eyes, importune me some good;
Waken her sleeping pity with your crying.
Knock at that hard heart, beg till you have moved her;
And tell thunkind, how dearly I have loved her.
Entity male entities: ['Father', 'Love', 'Minerva', 'Fair']
Entity female entities: ['Love', 'Mother', 'Minerva', 'Fair', 'She (referring to the unnamed']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Louis Untermeyer, Infidelity from The New Poetry: An Anthology of Twentieth Century Verse in English, ed. Harriet Monroe (New York: Macmillan, 1936). Permission is granted by arrangement with the Estate of Louis Untermeyer, Norma Anchin Untermeyer c/o Professional Publishing Services. The reprint is granted with the expressed permission by Laurence S. Untermeyer.
Entity male entities: ['Louis Untermeyer', 'Laurence S. Untermeyer']
Entity female entities: ['Louis Untermeyer', 'Harriet Monroe', 'Norma Anchin Untermeyer', 'Laurence S. Untermeyer']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'O come, soft rest of cares! come, Night!
       Come, naked Virtues only tire,
The reaped harvest of the light
    Bound up in sheaves of sacred fire,
       Love calls to war:
             Sighs his alarms,
       Lips his swords are,
             The fields his arms.

Come, Night, and lay thy velvet hand
    On glorious Days outfacing face;
And all thy crowned flames command
    For torches to our nuptial grace.
       Love calls to war:
             Sighs his alarms,
       Lips his swords are,
             The field his arms.
Entity male entities: ['Love', 'Virtues', 'War', 'Sighs', 'Lips', 'Arms', 'Night']
Entity female entities: ['Night', 'Virtues', 'Love', 'Lips', 'Fields']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Stephen Spender, The Truly Great from Collected Poems 1928-1953. Copyright  1955 by Stephen Spender. Reprinted by permission of Ed Victor Ltd.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Stephen Spender', 'The Truly Great', 'Ed Victor']
Entity female entities: ['', 'Stephen Spender,', 'The Truly Great,', 'Collected Poems,', '1928-1953,', 'Ed Victor Ltd.]']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'New yeare forth looking out of Janus gate,
Doth seeme to promise hope of new delight:
And bidding thold Adieu, his pass
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Janus', 'Adieu']
Entity female entities: ['Janus', 'Gate']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'My love is as a fever, longing still
For that which longer nurseth the disease,
Feeding on that which doth preserve the ill,
Th uncertain sickly appetite to please.
My reason, the physician to my love,
Angry that his prescriptions are not kept,
Hath left me, and I desperate now approve
Desire is death, which physic did except.
Past cure I am, now reason is past care,
And frantic-mad with evermore unrest;
My thoughts and my discourse as madmens are,
At random from the truth vainly expressed:
    For I have sworn thee fair, and thought thee bright,
    Who art as black as hell, as dark as night.
Entity male entities: ['Love', 'Reason', 'Physician', 'Desire', 'Madman']
Entity female entities: ['Love', 'Reason', 'Desire', 'Madness']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Most happy letters, fram'd by skilful trade,
With which that happy name was first design'd:
The which three times thrice happy hath me made,
With gifts of body, fortune, and of mind.
The first my being to me gave by kind,
From mother's womb deriv'd by due descent,
The second is my sovereign Queen most kind,
That honour and large richesse to me lent.
The third my love, my life's last ornament,
By whom my spirit out of dust was raised:
To speak her praise and glory excellent,
Of all alive most worthy to be praised.
Ye three Elizabeths for ever live,
That three such graces did unto me give.
Entity male entities: ['King', 'Father', 'Love']
Entity female entities: ['Elizabeth', 'Mother', 'Queen', 'Love', 'Spirit', 'Life']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Although you hide in the ebb and flow
Of the pale tide when the moon has set,
The people of coming days will know
About the casting out of my net,
And how you have leaped times out of mind
Over the little silver cords,
And think that you were hard and unkind,
And blame you with many bitter words.
Entity male entities: ['Moon', 'People', 'Net', 'Fish (referred to as "you"']
Entity female entities: ['Moon', 'People', 'Net', 'Little silver cords']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'So in Pieria, from the wedded bliss
Of Time and Memory, the Muses came
To be the means of rich oblivion,
And rest from cares.  And when the Thunderer
Took heaven, then the Titans warred on him
For pity of mankind. But the great law,
Which is the law of music, not of bread,
Set Atlas for a pillar, manacled
His brother to the rocks of the Scythia,
And under Aetna fixed the furious Typhon.
So should thought rule, not force. And Amphion,
Pursuing justice, entered Thebes and slew
His mother's spouse; but when he would make sure
And fortify the city, then he took
The lyre that Hermes gave, and played, and watched
The stones move and assemble, till a wall
Engirded Thebes and kept the citadel
Beyond the reach of arrows and of fire.
What other power but harmony can build
A city, and what gift so magical
As that by which a city lifts its walls?
So men, in years to come, shall feel the power
Of this man moving through the high-ranged thought
Which plans for beauty, builds for larger life.
The stones shall rise in towers to answer him.
Entity male entities: ['Time', 'Memory', 'Muses', 'Atlas', 'Typhon', 'Amphion', 'Hermes']
Entity female entities: ['Muses', 'Memory', 'Typhon (mentioned as a female', "Amphion's mother (mentioned in the", 'Hermes (mentioned in the context', 'Mankind (mentioned in the line', 'Time (mentioned in the line', 'Atlas (mentioned in the line', 'Aetna (mentioned in the line', 'Scythia (mentioned in the line']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Kenneth Slessor, Winter Dawn from Selected Poems, published by HarperCollins Publishers Australia. Used by permission.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Kenneth Slessor', 'Winter Dawn', 'HarperCollins Publishers Australia']
Entity female entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Winter Dawn', 'HarperCollins Publishers Australia', 'Kenneth Slessor']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When I consider everything that grows
Holds in perfection but a little moment,
That this huge stage presenteth nought but shows
Whereon the stars in secret influence comment;
When I perceive that men as plants increase,
Cheered and check'd even by the selfsame sky,
Vaunt in their youthful sap, at height decrease,
And wear their brave state out of memory;
Then the conceit of this inconstant stay
Sets you most rich in youth before my sight,
Where wasteful Time debateth with Decay
To change your day of youth to sullied night;
And all in war with Time for love of you,
As he takes from you, I engraft you new.
Entity male entities: ['Men', 'Stars', 'Sky', 'Time', 'Decay', 'Youth']
Entity female entities: ['Earth', 'Stars', 'Sky', 'Plants', 'Youth', 'Time', 'Decay', 'Love']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Shall I compare thee to a summers day?
Thou art more lovely and more temperate:
Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May,
And summers lease hath all too short a date;
Sometime too hot the eye of heaven shines,
And often is his gold complexion dimm'd;
And every fair from fair sometime declines,
By chance or natures changing course untrimm'd;
But thy eternal summer shall not fade,
Nor lose possession of that fair thou owst;
Nor shall death brag thou wanderst in his shade,
When in eternal lines to time thou growst:
   So long as men can breathe or eyes can see,
   So long lives this, and this gives life to thee.
Entity male entities: ['Some of these entities can']
Entity female entities: ['Some of these entities can']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When thou must home to shades of underground,
And there arrived, a new admired guest,
The beauteous spirits do engirt thee round,
White Iope, blithe Helen, and the rest,
To hear the stories of thy finished love
From that smooth tongue whose music hell can move;

Then wilt thou speak of banqueting delights,
Of masques and revels which sweet youth did make,
Of tourneys and great challenges of knights,
And all these triumphs for thy beautys sake:
When thou hast told these honours done to thee,
Then tell, O tell, how thou didst murder me!
Entity male entities: ['Guest', 'Spirits', 'Iope', 'Helen', 'Knight', 'Tongue', 'Youth']
Entity female entities: ['Iope', 'Helen', 'White Iope']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'There was a man whom Sorrow named his friend,
And he, of his high comrade Sorrow dreaming,
Went walking with slow steps along the gleaming
And humming sands, where windy surges wend:
And he called loudly to the stars to bend
From their pale thrones and comfort him, but they
Among themselves laugh on and sing alway:
And then the man whom Sorrow named his friend
Cried out, Dim sea, hear my most piteous story!
The sea swept on and cried her old cry still,
Rolling along in dreams from hill to hill.
He fled the persecution of her glory
And, in a far-off, gentle valley stopping,
Cried all his story to the dewdrops glistening.
But naught they heard, for they are always listening,
The dewdrops, for the sound of their own dropping.
And then the man whom Sorrow named his friend
Sought once again the shore, and found a shell,
And thought, I will my heavy story tell
Till my own words, re-echoing, shall send
Their sadness through a hollow, pearly heart;
And my own tale again for me shall sing,
And my own whispering words be comforting,
And lo! my ancient burden may depart.
Then he sang softly nigh the pearly rim;
But the sad dweller by the sea-ways lone
Changed all he sang to inarticulate moan
Among her wildering whirls, forgetting him.
Entity male entities: ['Man', 'Sorrow', 'Friend', 'Stars', 'Sea', 'Glory', 'Valley', 'Dewdrops', 'Shore', 'Man']
Entity female entities: ['Sea', 'Stars', 'Dewdrops', 'Valley', 'Shell']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The moon has left the sky, love,
The stars are hiding now,
And frowning on the world, love,
Night bares her sable brow.

The snow is on the ground, love,
And cold and keen the air is.
Im singing here to you, love;
Youre dreaming there in Paris.

But this is Natures law, love,
Though just it may not seem,
That men should wake to sing, love;
While maidens sleep and dream.

Them care may not molest, love,
Nor stir them from their slumbers,
Though midnight find the swain, love.
Still halting oer his numbers.

I watch the rosy dawn, love,
Come stealing up the east,
While all things round rejoice, love,
That Night her reign has ceased.

The lark will soon be heard, love,
And on his way be winging;
When Natures poets, wake, love,
Why should a man be singing?
Entity male entities: ['Man', 'Swain', 'Poets']
Entity female entities: ['Moon', 'Love', 'Night', 'World', 'Sable brow', 'Paris', 'Maidens', 'Slumbers', 'Midnight', 'Dawn', 'East', 'Rejoice', 'Nature', 'Poets']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Strephon kissed me in the spring,
Robin in the fall,
But Colin only looked at me
And never kissed at all.

Strephon's kiss was lost in jest,
Robin's lost in play,
But the kiss in Colin's eyes
Haunts me night and day.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Strephon', 'Robin', 'Colin']
Entity female entities: ['Strephon', 'Robin', 'Colin']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Ezra Pound, "Canto IV" from The Cantos of Ezra Pound. Copyright  1993 by Ezra Pound. Reprinted by permission of New Directions Publishing Corporation.
Entity male entities: ['Ezra Pound', 'Canto', 'New Directions Publishing Corporation']
Entity female entities: ['Ezra Pound', 'Pound', 'New Directions Publishing Corporation']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Not mine own fears, nor the prophetic soul
Of the wide world dreaming on things to come,
Can yet the lease of my true love control,
Suppos'd as forfeit to a confin'd doom.
The mortal moon hath her eclipse endur'd
And the sad augurs mock their own presage;
Incertainties now crown themselves assur'd
And peace proclaims olives of endless age.
Now with the drops of this most balmy time
My love looks fresh, and Death to me subscribes,
Since, spite of him, I'll live in this poor rhyme,
While he insults o'er dull and speechless tribes;
And thou in this shalt find thy monument,
When tyrants' crests and tombs of brass are spent.
Entity male entities: ['Soul', 'Love', 'Moon', 'Death', 'Man', 'Tyrants']
Entity female entities: ['Moon', 'Love', 'Death', 'Olive']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Hart Crane, "Cutty Sark" from The Complete Poems of Hart Crane, edited by Marc SImon. Copyright  1933, 1958, 1966 by Liveright Publishing Corporation. Copyright  1986 by Marc Simon. Used by permission of Liveright Publishing.
Entity male entities: ['Hart Crane', 'Cutty Sark']
Entity female entities: ['Cutty Sark', 'Hart Crane']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When Nature made her chief work, Stella's eyes,
In colour black why wrapt she beams so bright?
Would she in beamy black, like painter wise,
Frame daintiest lustre, mix'd of shades and light?
Or did she else that sober hue devise,
In object best to knit and strength our sight;
Lest, if no veil these brave gleams did disguise,
They, sunlike, should more dazzle than delight?
Or would she her miraculous power show,
That, whereas black seems beauty's contrary,
She even in black doth make all beauties flow?
Both so, and thus, she, minding Love should be
Plac'd ever there, gave him this mourning weed
To honour all their deaths who for her bleed.
Entity male entities: ['Nature', 'Stella (mentioned as a female', 'Painter (mentioned as a male', 'Sun (mentioned as a male', 'Love (mentioned as a male']
Entity female entities: ['Stella', 'Nature', 'Stella', 'Love']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Ezra Pound, "Canto IV" from The Cantos of Ezra Pound. Copyright  1993 by Ezra Pound. Reprinted by permission of New Directions Publishing Corporation.
Entity male entities: ['Ezra Pound', 'Canto', 'New Directions Publishing Corporation']
Entity female entities: ['Ezra Pound', 'Pound', 'New Directions Publishing Corporation']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Only the wanderer
   Knows England's graces,
Or can anew see clear
   Familiar faces.

And who loves joy as he
   That dwells in shadows?
Do not forget me quite,
   O Severn meadows.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ', ...]', 'Wanderer', 'England', 'Face', 'Joy', 'Shadows', 'Severn']
Entity female entities: ['England', 'Face', 'Joy', 'Me (mentioned twice)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Kind are her answers,
But her performance keeps no day;
Breaks time, as dancers
From their own music when they stray:
All her free favors
And smooth words wing my hopes in vain.
O did ever voice so sweet but only feign?
Can true love yield such delay,
Converting joy to pain?

Lost is our freedom,
When we submit to women so:
Why do we need em,
When in their best they work our woe?
There is no wisdom
Can alter ends, by Fate prefixed.
O why is the good of man with evil mixed?
Never were days yet called two,
But one night went betwixt.
Entity male entities: ['Day', 'Dancers', 'Voice', 'Man', 'Fate', 'Good', 'Evil', 'Night']
Entity female entities: ['Day', 'Dancers', 'Voice', 'Women', 'Freedom', 'Evil', 'Good', 'Night']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Desolate and lone
All night long on the lake
Where fog trails and mist creeps,
The whistle of a boat
Calls and cries unendingly,
Like some lost child
In tears and trouble
Hunting the harbor's breast
And the harbor's eyes.
Entity male entities: ['Boat', 'Child', 'Man']
Entity female entities: ['Lake', 'Fog', 'Mist', 'Boat', 'Child', 'Tears', 'Trouble', 'Harbor']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'No longer mourn for me when I am dead
Than you shall hear the surly sullen bell
Give warning to the world that I am fled
From this vile world with vilest worms to dwell; 
Nay, if you read this line, remember not
The hand that writ it; for I love you so, 
That I in your sweet thoughts would be forgot, 
If thinking on me then should make you woe.
O, if (I say) you look upon this verse, 
When I (perhaps) compounded am with clay,
Do not so much as my poor name rehearse,
But let your love even with my life decay,
Lest the wise world should look into your moan, 
And mock you with me after I am gone.
Entity male entities: ['World', 'Bell', 'Worms', 'Hand', 'You (addressed as male)', 'I (addressed as male)']
Entity female entities: ['World', 'Worms', 'Love', 'Thoughts', 'Moan']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Tir'd with all these, for restful death I cry,
As, to behold desert a beggar born,
And needy nothing trimm'd in jollity,
And purest faith unhappily forsworn,
And gilded honour shamefully misplac'd,
And maiden virtue rudely strumpeted,
And right perfection wrongfully disgrac'd,
And strength by limping sway disabled,
And art made tongue-tied by authority,
And folly, doctor-like, controlling skill,
And simple truth miscall'd simplicity,
And captive good attending captain ill.
Tir'd with all these, from these would I be gone,
Save that, to die, I leave my love alone.
Entity male entities: ['Beggar', 'Born', 'Honour', 'Maiden', 'Virtue', 'Strength', 'Authority', 'Folly', 'Doctor', 'Captain']
Entity female entities: ['Maiden', 'Beggar', 'Virtue', 'Shame', 'Disgrace', 'Perfection', 'Rudely', 'Strumpeted', 'Good', 'Love']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Notes:
Macbeth: IV.i 10-19; 35-38
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ', ...]', 'Macbeth', 'Banquo', 'Macduff']
Entity female entities: ['', ',', ',', ', ...]', 'Lady Macbeth', 'Lady Macduff', "Macbeth's wife"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I wanted you, nameless Woman of the South,
No wraith, but utterlyas still more alone
The Southern Cross takes night
And lifts her girdles from her, one by one
High, cool,
wide from the slowly smoldering fire
Of lower heavens,
vaporous scars!

Eve! Magdalene!
or Mary, you?

Whatever callfalls vainly on the wave.
O simian Venus, homeless Eve,
Unwedded, stumbling gardenless to grieve
Windswept guitars on lonely decks forever;
Finally to answer all within one grave!

And this long wake of phosphor,
iridescent
Furrow of all our traveltrailed derision!
Eyes crumble at its kiss. Its long-drawn spell
Incites a yell. Slid on that backward vision
The mind is churned to spittle, whispering hell.

I wanted you . . . The embers of the Cross
Climbed by aslant and huddling aromatically.
It is blood to remember; it is fire
To stammer back . . . It is
Godyour namelessness. And the wash

All night the water combed you with black
Insolence. You crept out simmering, accomplished.
Water rattled that stinging coil, your
Rehearsed hairdocile, alas, from many arms.
Yes, Evewraith of my unloved seed!

The Cross, a phantom, buckleddropped below the dawn.
Light drowned the lithic trillions of your spawn.
Entity male entities: ['Some of these entities are']
Entity female entities: ['Some of these entities are']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'What length of verse can serve brave Mopsas good to show,
Whose virtues strange, and beauties such, as no man them may know?
Thus shrewdly burden, then, how can my Muse escape?
The gods must help, and precious things must serve to show her shape.

Like great god Saturn, fair, and like fair Venus, chaste;
As smooth as Pan, as Juno mild, like goddess Iris fast.
With Cupid she foresees, and goes god Vulcans pace;
And for a taste of all these gifts, she borrows Momus grace.

Her forehead jacinth-like, her cheeks of opal hue,
Her twinkling eyes bedecked with pearl, her lips of sapphire blue,
Her hair pure crapall stone, her mouth, O heavenly wide,
Her skin like burnished gold, her hands like silver ore untried.

As for those parts unknown, which hidden sure are best,
Happy be they which believe, and never seek the rest.
Entity male entities: ['Saturn', 'Venus', 'Pan', 'Vulcan', 'Cupid', 'Momus', 'Jupiter (mentioned in the last']
Entity female entities: ['Mopsas', 'Venus', 'Juno', 'Iris', 'Cupid', 'Vulcan', 'Momus', 'Crapall (referring to the hair)', 'Heavenly (referring to the lips)', 'Gold (referring to the skin)', 'Silver (referring to the hands)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'From you have I been absent in the spring,
When proud-pied April, dressed in all his trim,
Hath put a spirit of youth in everything,
That heavy Saturn laughed and leaped with him.
Yet nor the lays of birds, nor the sweet smell
Of different flowers in odour and in hue,
Could make me any summers story tell,
Or from their proud lap pluck them where they grew:
Nor did I wonder at the lilys white,
Nor praise the deep vermilion in the rose;
They were but sweet, but figures of delight
Drawn after you,  you pattern of all those.
    Yet seemd it winter still, and, you away,
    As with your shadow I with these did play.
Entity male entities: ['April', 'Saturn', 'lilies', 'rose']
Entity female entities: ['April', 'Lily', 'Rose']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Elinor Wylie, Cold Blooded Creatures from Selected Works of Elinor Wylie, edited by Evelyn Helmick Hively (Kent, Ohio: The Kent State University Press, 2005). Reprinted with the permission of The Kent State University Press.
Entity male entities: ['Elinor Wylie', 'Evelyn Helmick Hively', 'Cold Blooded Creatures']
Entity female entities: ['Elinor Wylie', 'Evelyn Helmick Hively', 'Cold Blooded Creatures']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Kenneth Fearing, "X Minus X" from Collected Poems of Kenneth Fearing. Published by Random House, 1940. Reprinted by the permission of Russell & Volkening, Inc., as agents for the author. Copyright  1994 by Jubal Fearing and Phoebe Fearing.
Entity male entities: ['Kenneth Fearing', 'Jubal Fearing', 'Russell', 'Volkening']
Entity female entities: ['X Minus X', 'Jubal Fearing', 'Phoebe Fearing']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I shall not go with pain
Whether you hold me, whether you forget
My little loss and my immortal gain.
O flower unseen, O fountain sealed apart!
Give me one look, one look remembering yet,
Sweet heart.

I shall not go with grief,
Whether you call me, whether you deny
The crowning vintage and the golden sheaf.
O, April hopes that blossom but to close!
Give me one look, one look and so good-bye,
Red rose.

I shall not go with sighs,
But as full-crowned the warrior leaves the fight,
Dawn on his shield and death upon his eyes.
O, life so bitter-sweet and heaven so far!
Give me one look, one look and so good night,
My star.
Entity male entities: ['Man', 'Him', 'He', 'Boy', 'Warrior', 'Dawn', 'Life', 'Star']
Entity female entities: ['Flower', 'Heart', 'Rose', 'April', 'Star']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Alas, 'tis true I have gone here and there
And made myself a motley to the view,
Gor'd mine own thoughts, sold cheap what is most dear,
Made old offences of affections new.
Most true it is that I have look'd on truth
Askance and strangely: but, by all above,
These blenches gave my heart another youth,
And worse essays prov'd thee my best of love.
Now all is done, have what shall have no end!
Mine appetite, I never more will grind
On newer proof, to try an older friend,
A god in love, to whom I am confin'd.
Then give me welcome, next my heaven the best,
Even to thy pure and most most loving breast.
Entity male entities: ['Gord', 'Mine own thoughts', 'Self', 'Affections', 'Love', 'God', 'Heaven', 'Breast']
Entity female entities: ['Love', 'Truth', 'Heart', 'Affections', 'Best', 'Breast']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Kenneth Slessor, In A/C with Ghosts from Selected Poems, published by HarperCollins Publishers Australia. Used by permission.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Kenneth Slessor', 'Ghosts']
Entity female entities: ['Kenneth', 'Ghosts', 'HarperCollins Publishers Australia', 'In', 'Selected Poems']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Originally published in Poetry, December 1914.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Poetry', 'December', '1914']
Entity female entities: ['Poetry', 'December', '1914']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'If all the world and love were young,
And truth in every Shepherds tongue,
These pretty pleasures might me move,
To live with thee, and be thy love.

Time drives the flocks from field to fold,
When Rivers rage and Rocks grow cold,
And Philomel becometh dumb,
The rest complains of cares to come.

The flowers do fade, and wanton fields,
To wayward winter reckoning yields,
A honey tongue, a heart of gall,
Is fancys spring, but sorrows fall.

Thy gowns, thy shoes, thy beds of Roses,
Thy cap, thy kirtle, and thy posies
Soon break, soon wither, soon forgotten:
In folly ripe, in reason rotten.

Thy belt of straw and Ivy buds,
The Coral clasps and amber studs,
All these in me no means can move
To come to thee and be thy love.

But could youth last, and love still breed,
Had joys no date, nor age no need,
Then these delights my mind might move
To live with thee, and be thy love.
Entity male entities: ['Shepherd', 'Rivers', 'Rocks', 'Philomel (a nightingale)', 'Winter', 'Flower', 'Gall (a plant)', 'Fool (a person)', 'Love', 'Man (a general term for']
Entity female entities: ['World', 'Love', 'Shepherds', 'Philomel (a nightingale)', 'Flowers', 'Winter', 'Roses', 'Gowns', 'Shoes', 'Beds', 'Cap', 'Kirtle', 'Posies', 'Ivy', 'Coral', 'AmberI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'So oft as I her beauty do behold,
And therewith do her cruelty compare,
I marvel of what substance was the mould
The which her made at once so cruel-fair.
Not earth; for her high thoughts more heavenly are:
Not water; for her love doth burn like fire:
Not air; for she is not so light or rare:
Not fire; for she doth freeze with faint desire.

Then needs another element inquire
Whereof she might be made; that is, the sky.
For to the heaven her haughty looks aspire,
And eke her love is pure immortal high.
Then since to heaven ye likened are the best,
Be like in mercy as in all the rest.
Entity male entities: ['Beauty', 'Love', 'Fire', 'Sky']
Entity female entities: ['Beauty', 'Cruelty', 'Love', 'Substance', 'Mould', 'Heaven', 'High thoughts', 'Desire', 'Sky']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Weret aught to me I bore the canopy,
With my extern the outward honouring,
Or laid great bases for eternity,
Which proves more short than waste or ruining;
Have I not seen dwellers on form and favour
Lose all, and more, by paying too much rent,
For compound sweet forgoing simple savour,
Pitiful thrivers, in their gazing spent?
No;let me be obsequious in thy heart,
And take thou my oblation, poor but free,
Which is not mixd with seconds, knows no art,
But mutual render, only me for thee.
   Hence, thou subornd informer! a true soul,
   When most impeachd, stands least in thy control.
Entity male entities: ['Man', 'Honor', 'Base', 'Dweller', 'Renter', 'Thriver', 'Soul']
Entity female entities: ['Weret', 'Dwellers', 'Heart', 'Soul']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'It is most true, that eyes are formed to serve
The inward light; and that the heavenly part
Ought to be king, from whose rules who do swerve,
Rebels to Nature, strive for their own smart.
    It is most true, what we call Cupids dart,
An image is, which for ourselves we carve;
And, fools, adore in temple of our heart,
Till that good god make Church and churchman starve.
    True, that true beauty virtue is indeed,
Whereof this beauty can be but a shade,
Which elements with mortal mixture breed;
True, that on earth we are but pilgrims made,
    And should in soul up to our country move;
True; and yet true, that I must Stella love.
Entity male entities: ['Eyes', 'Cupid', 'God', 'Churchman', 'Stella']
Entity female entities: ['Nature', 'Cupid', 'Stella']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Michael Anania, Waiting There from Selected Poems. Copyright  1994 by Michael Anania. Used by permission of Asphodel Press/Acorn Alliance.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Michael Anania', 'Waiting', 'Asphodel Press/Acorn Alliance']
Entity female entities: ['Michael Anania', 'Waiting There', 'Asphodel Press', 'Acorn Alliance']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I joy to see how in your drawen work,
Your selfe unto the Bee ye doe compare;
And me unto the Spyder that doth lurke,
In close awayt to catch her unaware.
Right so your selfe were caught in cunning snare
Of a deare for, and thralled to his love:
In whose streight bands ye now captived are
So firmely, that ye never may remove.
But as your whole worke is woven all about,
With woodbynd flowers and fragrant Enlantine:
So sweet your prison you in time shall prove,
With many deare delights bedecked fyne,
And all thensforth eternall peace shall see
Betweene the Spyder and the gentle Bee.
Entity male entities: ['Self', 'Bee', 'Spider', 'Deer', 'Love']
Entity female entities: ['Bee', 'Spider', 'Enlantine (a type of flower)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'W. B. Yeats, Byzantium from The Poems of W. B. Yeats: A New Edition, edited by Richard J. Finneran. Copyright 1933 by Macmillan Publishing Company, renewed  1961 by Georgie Yeats. Reprinted with the permission of A. P. Watt, Ltd. on behalf of Michael Yeats.
Entity male entities: ['W. B. Yeats', 'Richard J. Finneran', 'Georgie Yeats', 'Michael Yeats']
Entity female entities: ['W. B. Yeats', 'Georgie Yeats', 'Michael Yeats']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When forty winters shall besiege thy brow
And dig deep trenches in thy beautys field,
Thy youths proud livery, so gazed on now,
Will be a tattered weed, of small worth held.
Then being asked where all thy beauty lies
Where all the treasure of thy lusty days
To say within thine own deep-sunken eyes
Were an all-eating shame and thriftless praise.
How much more praise deserved thy beautys use 
If thou couldst answer "This fair child of mine
Shall sum my count and make my old excuse", 
Proving his beauty by succession thine.
    This were to be new made when thou art old,
    And see thy blood warm when thou feelst it cold.
Entity male entities: ['Winters', 'Youths', 'Beauty', 'Days', 'Lusty days', 'Child', 'Blood']
Entity female entities: ['Beauty', 'Youth', 'Beauty', 'Lusty days', 'Child (referring to a female', 'Blood']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Basil Bunting, Briggflatts (Part 1) from Complete Poems, edited by Richard Caddel. Reprinted with the permission of Bloodaxe Books Ltd., www.bloodaxebooks.com.
Entity male entities: ['Basil Bunting', 'Brigg', 'Richard Caddel', 'Bloodaxe Books']
Entity female entities: ['Basil Bunting', 'Briggflatts (Part 1)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'By a peninsula the painter sat and
Sketched the uneven valley groves.
The apostle gave alms to the
Meek. The volcano burst
In fusive sulphur and hurled
Rocks and ore into the air
Heavens sudden change at
The drawing tempestuous,
Darkening shade of dense clouded hues.
The wanderer soon chose
His spot of rest; they bore the
Chosen hero upon their shoulders,
Whom they strangely admired, as
The beach-tide summer of people desired.
Entity male entities: ['Painter', 'Apostle', 'Volcano', 'Rock', 'Hero', 'Wanderer']
Entity female entities: ['Meek', 'Hero']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Archibald MacLeish, Ancestral from Collected Poems 1917-1982. Copyright  1985 by The Estate of Archibald MacLeish. Reprinted with the permission of Houghton Mifflin Company. All rights reserved.
Entity male entities: ['Archibald MacLeish', 'Ancestral']
Entity female entities: ['Ancestral', 'Estate of Archibald MacLeish']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Farewell love and all thy laws forever;
Thy baited hooks shall tangle me no more.
Senec and Plato call me from thy lore
To perfect wealth, my wit for to endeavour.
In blind error when I did persever,
Thy sharp repulse, that pricketh aye so sore,
Hath taught me to set in trifles no store
And scape forth, since liberty is lever.
Therefore farewell; go trouble younger hearts
And in me claim no more authority.
With idle youth go use thy property
And thereon spend thy many brittle darts,
For hitherto though I have lost all my time,
Me lusteth no lenger rotten boughs to climb.
Entity male entities: ['Love', 'Seneca', 'Plato', 'Wit', 'Youth']
Entity female entities: ['Love', 'Laws', 'Seneca', 'Plato']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Out of the winds' and the waves' riot,
Out of the loud foam,
He has put in to a great quiet
And a still home.

Here he may lie at ease and wonder
Why the old ship waits,
And hark for the surge and the strong thunder
Of the full Straits,

And look for the fishing fleet at morning,
Shadows like lost souls,
Slide through the fog where the seal's warning
Betrays the shoals,

And watch for the deep-sea liner climbing
Out of the bright West,
With a salmon-sky and her wake shining
Like a tern's breast, 

And never know he is done for ever
With the old sea's pride,
Borne from the fight and the full endeavour
On an ebb tide.
Entity male entities: ['Winds', 'Waves', 'Foam', 'He (referring to a male', 'Old ship', 'Fishing fleet (the fleet is', 'Seals (seals are male animals)', 'Deep-sea liner (a ship, which', 'Terns (terns are male birds)', 'Old seas pride (the phrase']
Entity female entities: ['Winds', 'Waves', 'Foam', 'Fishing fleet (referred to as', 'Seals', 'Deep-sea liner (referred to as', 'Salmon-sky (a celestial body)', 'Terns (a type of bird)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Kenneth Slessor, Talbingo from Selected Poems, published by HarperCollins Publishers Australia. Used by permission.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ', ...]', 'Kenneth Slessor', 'Talbingo']
Entity female entities: ['', ',', ',', ', ...]', 'Talbingo', 'HarperCollins Publishers Australia', 'Kenneth Slessor']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Sir Charles into my chamber coming in,
When I was writing of my Fairy Queen;
I praysaid hewhen Queen Mab you do see
Present my service to her Majesty:
And tell her I have heard Fame's loud report
Both of her beauty and her stately court.
When I Queen Mab within my fancy viewed,
My thoughts bowed low, fearing I should be rude;
Kissing her garment thin which fancy made,
I knelt upon a thought, like one that prayed;
And then, in whispers soft, I did present
His humble service which in mirth was sent;
Thus by imagination I have been
In Fairy court and seen the Fairy Queen.
Entity male entities: ['Sir Charles', 'Queen Mab', 'Fairy Queen']
Entity female entities: ['Fairy Queen', 'Queen Mab', 'Lady (mentioned in the phrase']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'With how sad steps, O moon, thou climbst the skies!
How silently, and with how wan a face!
What! may it be that even in heavenly place
That busy archer his sharp arrows tries?
Sure, if that long-with-love-acquainted eyes
Can judge of love, thou feelst a lovers case:
I read it in thy looks; thy languished grace
To me, that feel the like, thy state descries.
Then, even of fellowship, O Moon, tell me,
Is constant love deemed there but want of wit?
Are beauties there as proud as here they be?
Do they above love to be loved, and yet
    Those lovers scorn whom that love doth possess?
    Do they call virtue thereungratefulness?
Entity male entities: ['Moon', 'Archer', 'Lover', 'Man (mentioned in line 10)', 'Fellow (mentioned in line 14)', 'Love (mentioned in lines 16', 'Beauty (mentioned in line 19)', 'Virtue (mentioned in line 20)']
Entity female entities: ['Moon', 'Eyes', 'Grace', 'Love', 'Beauties', 'Virtue']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Mina Loy, The Song of the Nightingale is Like the Scent of Syringa from Lunar Baedeker and Times-Tables (Highlands, NC: Jonathan Williams Publisher, 1958). Copyright 1958 by Mina Loy. Reprinted with the permission of Roger L. Conover for the Estate of Mina Loy.
Entity male entities: ['Mina Loy', 'Roger L. Conover']
Entity female entities: ['Mina Loy', 'Nightingale', 'Syringa', 'Lunar Baedeker', 'Times-Tables']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Ay, beshrew you! by my fay,
These wanton clerks be nice alway!
Avaunt, avaunt, my popinjay!
What, will ye do nothing but play?
Tilly, vally, straw, let be I say!
Gup, Christian Clout, gup, Jack of the Vale!
With Mannerly Margery Milk and Ale.

By God, ye be a pretty pode,
And I love you an whole cart-load.
Straw, James Foder, ye play the fode,
I am no hackney for your rod:
Go watch a bull, your back is broad!
Gup, Christian Clout, gup, Jack of the Vale!
With Mannerly Margery Milk and Ale.

Ywis ye deal uncourteously;
What, would ye frumple me? now fy!
What, and ye shall be my pigesnye?
By Christ, ye shall not, no hardely:
I will not be japed bodily!
Gup, Christian Clout, gup, Jack of the Vale!
With Mannerly Margery Milk and Ale.

Walk forth your way, ye cost me nought;
Now have I found that I have sought:
The best cheap flesh that I ever bought.
Yet, for his love that all hath wrought,
Wed me, or else I die for thought.
Gup, Christian Clout, your breath is stale!
Go, Mannerly Margery Milk and Ale!
Gup, Christian Clout, gup, Jack of the Vale!
With Mannerly Margery Milk and Ale.
Entity male entities: ['Ay', 'beshrew', 'clerks', 'popinjay', 'Christian Clout', 'Jack of the Vale', 'Mannerly Margery Milk', 'Ale', 'James Foder', 'rod', 'bull', 'back', 'pigesnye', 'Christ', 'hardely', 'Christian Clout (again)', 'Mannerly Margery Milk and Ale', 'thought', 'Wed', 'staleI hope this helps! Let']
Entity female entities: ['Margery', 'Milk', 'Ale']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Wine comes in at the mouth
And love comes in at the eye;
Thats all we shall know for truth
Before we grow old and die.
I lift the glass to my mouth,
I look at you, and I sigh.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Wine', 'Love', 'Eye']
Entity female entities: ['', ',', ',', ']', 'Wine', 'Love', 'Eye']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Hart Crane, At Melvilles Tomb from The Complete Poems of Hart Crane by Hart Crane, edited by Marc SImon. Copyright  1933, 1958, 1966 by Liveright Publishing Corporation. Copyright  1986 by Marc Simon. Used by permission of Liveright Publishing.
Entity male entities: ['Hart Crane', 'Melville', 'Marc Simon']
Entity female entities: ['Melville', 'Wife', 'Tomb']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Take, oh, take those lips away
That so sweetly were forsworn
And those eyes, like break of day,
Lights that do mislead the morn;
But my kisses bring again,
Seals of love, though sealed in vain.

Hide, oh, hide those hills of snow,
Which thy frozen bosom bears,
On whose tops the pinks that grow
Are of those that April wears;
But first set my poor heart free,
Bound in those icy chains by thee.
Entity male entities: ['lips', 'eyes', 'hills', 'bosom', 'heart']
Entity female entities: ['lips', 'eyes', 'hills', 'bosom', 'pinks (April wears)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When by thy scorn, O murd'ress, I am dead
         And that thou think'st thee free
From all solicitation from me,
Then shall my ghost come to thy bed,
And thee, feign'd vestal, in worse arms shall see;
Then thy sick taper will begin to wink,
And he, whose thou art then, being tir'd before,
Will, if thou stir, or pinch to wake him, think
         Thou call'st for more,
And in false sleep will from thee shrink;
And then, poor aspen wretch, neglected thou
Bath'd in a cold quicksilver sweat wilt lie
         A verier ghost than I.
What I will say, I will not tell thee now,
Lest that preserve thee; and since my love is spent,
I'had rather thou shouldst painfully repent,
Than by my threat'nings rest still innocent.
Entity male entities: ['Murdress', 'He', 'Thou', 'He', 'He (again)']
Entity female entities: ['Murdress', 'Vestal', 'Aspen', 'Love', 'Ghost']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Come Sleep! O Sleep, the certain knot of peace,
The baiting-place of wit, the balm of woe,
The poor man's wealth, the prisoner's release,
Th' indifferent judge between the high and low.
With shield of proof shield me from out the prease
Of those fierce darts despair at me doth throw:
O make in me those civil wars to cease;
I will good tribute pay, if thou do so.
Take thou of me smooth pillows, sweetest bed,
A chamber deaf to noise and blind to light,
A rosy garland and a weary head:
And if these things, as being thine by right,
Move not thy heavy grace, thou shalt in me,
Livelier than elsewhere, Stella's image see.
Entity male entities: ['Sleep', 'Wit', 'Man', 'Prisoner', 'Judge', 'High', 'Low', 'Despair', 'Me', 'Grace']
Entity female entities: ['Sleep', 'Peace', 'Woe', 'Wealth', 'Release', 'Judge', 'High', 'Low', 'Stella (mentioned as a female']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Tis true, tis day, what though it be?
O wilt thou therefore rise from me?
Why should we rise because tis light?
Did we lie down because twas night?
Love, which in spite of darkness brought us hither,
Should in despite of light keep us together.

Light hath no tongue, but is all eye;
If it could speak as well as spy,
This were the worst that it could say,
That being well I fain would stay,
And that I loved my heart and honour so,
That I would not from him, that had them, go.

Must business thee from hence remove?
Oh, thats the worst disease of love,
The poor, the foul, the false, love can
Admit, but not the busied man.
He which hath business, and makes love, doth do
Such wrong, as when a married man doth woo.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ', ...]', 'Man', 'Love', 'Light', 'Business', 'Man (mentioned twice)']
Entity female entities: ['Love', 'Light', 'Night', 'Darkness', 'Heart', 'Honour', 'Woman (mentioned in the phrase']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'How much do you love me, a million bushels?
Oh, a lot more than that, Oh, a lot more.

And tomorrow maybe only half a bushel?
Tomorrow maybe not even a half a bushel.

And is this your heart arithmetic?
This is the way the wind measures the weather.
Entity male entities: ['Love', 'More', 'Tomorrow', 'Wind']
Entity female entities: ['Love', 'Me', 'Tomorrow']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Lyke as the Culver on the bared bough,
Sits mourning for the absence of her mate:
And in her songs sends many a wishfull vow,
For his returne that seemes to linger late,
So I alone now left disconsolate,
Mourne to my selfe the absence of my love:
And wandring here and there all desolate,
Seek with my playnts to match that mournful dove:
Ne joy of ought that under heaven doth hove,
Can comfort me, but her owne joyous sight:
Whose sweet aspect both God and man can move,
In her unspotted pleasauns to delight.
Dark is my day, whyles her fayre light I mis,
And dead my life that wants such lively blis.
Entity male entities: ['Culver', 'Mate', 'Love', 'God', 'Man']
Entity female entities: ['Lyke', 'Love', 'Mate', 'Dove', 'She', 'Woman', 'God', 'Man']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I might!unhappy wordO me, I might,
And then would not, or could not, see my bliss;
Till now wrapt in a most infernal night,
I find how heav'nly day, wretch! I did miss.
Heart, rend thyself, thou dost thyself but right;
No lovely Paris made thy Helen his,
No force, no fraud robb'd thee of thy delight,
Nor Fortune of thy fortune author is;
But to myself myself did give the blow,
While too much wit, forsooth, so troubled me
That I respects for both our sakes must show:
And yet could not by rising morn foresee
How fair a day was near: O punish'd eyes,
That I had been more foolish,or more wise!
Entity male entities: ['Man', 'Wretch', 'Heart', 'Paris', 'Fortune', 'Author', 'Wit', 'Morning']
Entity female entities: ['Helen', 'Paris', 'Fortune', 'self (mentioned twice)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Copyright  1996 by the Estate of Mina Loy. All rights reserved.
Entity male entities: ['Estate', 'Mina Loy', 'Rights']
Entity female entities: ['Mina Loy', 'Estate of Mina Loy']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Where the bee sucks, there suck I:
In a cowslips bell I lie;
There I couch when owls do cry.
On the bats back I do fly
After summer merrily.   
Merrily, merrily shall I live now
Under the blossom that hangs on the bough.
Entity male entities: ['', ',', ',', ',', ',', ']', 'Bee', 'Cow', 'Owl', 'Bat', 'Man']
Entity female entities: ['', ',', ',', ',', ']', 'Cowslips', 'Bell', 'Owls', 'Bats']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When I remember plain heroic strength
And shining virtue shown by Ypres pools,
Then read the blither written by knaves for fools
In praise of English soldiers lying at length,
Who purely dream what England shall be made
Gloriously new, free of the old stains
By us, who pay the price that must be paid,
Will freeze all winter over Ypres plains.
Our silly dreams of peace you put aside
And brotherhood of man, for you will see
An armed mistress, braggart of the tide,
Her children slaves, under your mastery.
We'll have a word there too, and forge a knife,
Will cut the cancer threatens England's life.
Entity male entities: ['Men', 'Soldiers', 'England', 'Ypres', 'Knaves', 'Masters']
Entity female entities: ['England', 'Ypres', 'Woman', 'Mother', 'Mistress']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'But love whilst that thou mayst be loved again,
Now whilst thy May hath filed thy lap with flowers,
Now whilst thy beauty bears without a stain,
Now use the summer smiles, ere winter lowers.
And whilst thou spreadst unto the rising sun
The fairest flower that ever saw the light,
Now joy thy time before thy sweet be done,
And, Delia, think thy morning must have night,
And that thy brightness sets at length to west,
When thou wilt close up that which now thou shewst;
And think the same becomes they fading best
Which then shall most inveil and shadow most.
Men do not weigh the stalk for what it was,
When once they find her flower, her glory, pass.
Entity male entities: ['May', 'Sun', 'Man', 'Delia (referring to a male', 'West']
Entity female entities: ['May', 'Delia', 'beauty', 'morning', 'sun', 'flower', 'brightness', 'west']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'There is a garden in her face
Where roses and white lilies grow;
A heav'nly paradise is that place
Wherein all pleasant fruits do flow.
There cherries grow which none may buy,
Till "Cherry ripe" themselves do cry.

Those cherries fairly do enclose
Of orient pearl a double row,
Which when her lovely laughter shows,
They look like rose-buds fill'd with snow;
Yet them nor peer nor prince can buy,
Till "Cherry ripe" themselves do cry.

Her eyes like angels watch them still,
Her brows like bended bows do stand,
Threat'ning with piercing frowns to kill
All that attempt with eye or hand
Those sacred cherries to come nigh,
Till "Cherry ripe" themselves do cry.
Entity male entities: ['Garden', 'Heaven', 'Paradise', 'Flowers (roses, white lilies, cherries)', 'Fruits (roses, cherries)', 'Pearl', 'Prince']
Entity female entities: ['Garden', 'Face', 'Roses', 'White lilies', 'Heaven', 'Paradise', 'Flowers', 'Cherries', 'Pearls', 'Eyes', 'Angels', 'Brow', 'FrownsI hope this helps! Let']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Unto the boundless Ocean of thy beauty
Runs this poor river, charged with streams of zeal:
Returning thee the tribute of my duty,
Which here my love, my youth, my plaints reveal.
Here I unclasp the book of my charged soul,
Where I have cast th'accounts of all my care:
Here have I summed my sighs, here I enroll
How they were spent for thee; look what they are.
Look on the dear expenses of my youth,
And see how just I reckon with thine eyes:
Examine well thy beauty with my truth,
And cross my cares ere greater sum arise.
Read it sweet maid, though it be done but slightly;
Who can show all his love, doth love but lightly.
Entity male entities: ['River', 'Love', 'Youth', 'Duty', 'Soul', 'Eyes', 'Truth', 'Cares', 'Maid (sweet maid)']
Entity female entities: ['Ocean', 'Beauty', 'Youth', 'Maid']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The wisest scholar of the wight most wise
By Phoebus doom, with sugared sentence says
That Virtue, if it once met with our eyes,
Strange flames of love it in our souls would raise;
But, for that man with pain this truth descries,
While he each thing in senses balance weighs,
And so nor will nor can behold those skies
Which inward sun to heroic mind displays,
Virtue of late, with virtuous care to stir
Love of herself, takes Stellas shape, that she
To mortal eyes might sweetly shine in her.
It is most true, for since I her did see,
Virtues great beauty in that face I prove,
And find theffect, for I do burn in love.
Entity male entities: ['Phoebus', 'Man', 'Virtue', 'Love', 'Heroic mind', 'Stella', 'Mortal eyes', 'Man (mentioned twice)']
Entity female entities: ['Virtue', 'Stella', 'Love', 'Virtuous care', 'Stellas (mentioned in the line']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of male entities. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity male entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity female entities: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'There is a garden in her face
   Where roses and white lilies blow;
A heavenly paradise is that place,
   Wherein all pleasant fruits do flow:
      There cherries grow which none may buy
      Till Cherry-ripe themselves do cry.

Those cherries fairly do enclose
   Of orient pearl a double row,
Which when her lovely laughter shows,
   They look like rose-buds filled with snow;
      Yet them no peer nor prince can buy
      Till Cherry-ripe themselves do cry.

Her eyes like angels watch them still;
   Her brows like bended bows do stand,
Threat'ning with piercing frowns to kill
   All that attempt with eye or hand
      Those sacred cherries to come nigh,
      Till Cherry-ripe themselves do cry.
Entity positive emotions: ['Some of these emotions are']
Entity negative emotions: ['Some of these emotions are']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Here take my picture; though I bid farewell
Thine, in my heart, where my soul dwells, shall dwell.
'Tis like me now, but I dead, 'twill be more
When we are shadows both, than 'twas before.
When weather-beaten I come back, my hand
Perhaps with rude oars torn, or sun beams tann'd,
My face and breast of haircloth, and my head
With care's rash sudden storms being o'erspread,
My body'a sack of bones, broken within,
And powder's blue stains scatter'd on my skin;
If rival fools tax thee to'have lov'd a man
So foul and coarse as, oh, I may seem then,
This shall say what I was, and thou shalt say,
"Do his hurts reach me? doth my worth decay?
Or do they reach his judging mind, that he
Should now love less, what he did love to see?
That which in him was fair and delicate,
Was but the milk which in love's childish state
Did nurse it; who now is grown strong enough
To feed on that, which to disus'd tastes seems tough."
Entity positive emotions: ['Some of these emotions are']
Entity negative emotions: ['Some of these emotions are']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Love is my sin, and thy dear virtue hate,
Hate of my sin, grounded on sinful loving.
O, but with mine compare thou thine own state,
And thou shalt find it merits not reproving;
Or if it do, not from those lips of thine,
That have profaned their scarlet ornaments
And sealed false bonds of love as oft as mine,
Robbed others beds revenues of their rents.
Be it lawful I love thee as thou lovst those
Whom thine eyes woo as mine importune thee:
Root pity in thy heart, that, when it grows,
Thy pity may deserve to pitied be.
    If thou dost seek to have what thou dost hide,
    By self-example mayst thou be denied.
Entity positive emotions: ['Love', 'Hate', 'Pity']
Entity negative emotions: ['Hate', 'Sin', 'Virtue', 'Love', 'Pity', 'Reproving', 'False bonds', 'Robbery', 'Loss', 'Denial']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The sea-wash never ends.
The sea-wash repeats, repeats.
Only old songs? Is that all the sea knows?
             Only the old strong songs?
             Is that all?
The sea-wash repeats, repeats.
Entity positive emotions: ['Joy', 'Contentment', 'Nostalgia', 'Wonder']
Entity negative emotions: ['Sadness', 'Boredom', 'Frustration', 'Disappointment', 'Nostalgia']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The heart and service to you proffer'd
With right good will full honestly,
Refuse it not, since it is offer'd,
But take it to you gentlely.

And though it be a small present,
Yet good, consider graciously
The thought, the mind, and the intent
Of him that loves you faithfully.

It were a thing of small effect
To work my woe thus cruelly,
For my good will to be abject:
Therefore accept it lovingly.

Pain or travel, to run or ride,
I undertake it pleasantly;
Bid ye me go, and straight I glide
At your commandement humbly.

Pain or pleasure, now may you plant
Even which it please you steadfastly;
Do which you list, I shall not want
To be your servant secretly.

And since so much I do desire
To be your own assuredly,
For all my service and my hire
Reward your servant liberally.
Entity positive emotions: ['Some of these words may']
Entity negative emotions: ['Some of these words may']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When I beeheld the Image of my deere
    With greedy lookes mine eyes would that way bend,
    Fear, and desire did inwardly contend;
    Feare to bee markd, desire to drawe still neere,

And in my soule a speritt wowld apeer,
    Which boldnes waranted, and did pretend
    To bee my genius, yett I durst nott lend
    My eyes in trust wher others seemed soe cleere,

Then did I search from whence this danger rose,
    If such unworthynes in mee did rest
    As my stervd eyes must nott with sight bee blest;
    When jealousie her poyson did disclose;

Yett in my hart unseense of jealous eye
The truer Image shall in triumph lye.
Entity positive emotions: ['Joy', 'Desire', 'Boldness', 'Spirit', 'Triumph']
Entity negative emotions: ['Fear', 'Desire', 'Jealousy', 'Unworthiness']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Give me hunger,
O you gods that sit and give
The world its orders.
Give me hunger, pain and want,
Shut me out with shame and failure
From your doors of gold and fame,
Give me your shabbiest, weariest hunger!

But leave me a little love,
A voice to speak to me in the day end,
A hand to touch me in the dark room
Breaking the long loneliness.
In the dusk of day-shapes
Blurring the sunset,
One little wandering, western star
Thrust out from the changing shores of shadow.
Let me go to the window,
Watch there the day-shapes of dusk
And wait and know the coming
Of a little love.
Entity positive emotions: ['Some of these emotions are']
Entity negative emotions: ['Some of these emotions are']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Follow your saint, follow with accents sweet;
Haste you, sad notes, fall at her flying feet.
There, wrapp'd in cloud of sorrow, pity move,
And tell the ravisher of my soul I perish for her love:
But if she scorns my never-ceasing pain,
Then burst with sighing in her sight and ne'er return again.

All that I sung still to her praise did tend,
Still she was first; still she my songs did end;
Yet she my love and music both doth fly,
The music that her echo is and beauty's sympathy.
Then let my notes pursue her scornful flight:
It shall suffice that they were breath'd and died for her delight.
Entity positive emotions: ['Some of these emotions are']
Entity negative emotions: ['Some of these emotions are']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Living, I had no might
To make you hear,
Now, in the inmost night,
I am so near
No whisper, falling light,
Divides us, dear.

Living, I had no claim
On your great hours.
Now the thin candle-flame,
The closing flowers,
Wed summer with my name, 
And these are ours.

Your shadow on the dust,
Strength, and a cry,
Delight, despair, mistrust, 
All these am I.
Dawn, and the far hills thrust
To a far sky.

Living, I had no skill
To stay your tread,
Now all that was my will
Silence has said.
We are one for good and ill
Since I am dead.
Entity positive emotions: ['Living', 'Near', 'Hours', 'Name', 'Summer', 'Delight', 'Hills', 'SkyThese are the positive emotions']
Entity negative emotions: ['Despair', 'Mistrust', 'Delight', 'Dawn', 'Ill']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Some may have blamed you that you took away
The verses that could move them on the day
When, the ears being deafened, the sight of the eyes blind
With lightning, you went from me, and I could find
Nothing to make a song about but kings,
Helmets, and swords, and half-forgotten things
That were like memories of youbut now
We'll out, for the world lives as long ago;
And while we're in our laughing, weeping fit,
Hurl helmets, crowns, and swords into the pit.
But, dear, cling close to me; since you were gone,
My barren thoughts have chilled me to the bone.
Entity positive emotions: ['Joy', 'Laughter', 'Weeping', 'Happiness', 'Memories']
Entity negative emotions: ['Blamed', 'Deafened', 'Blind', 'Gone', 'Chilled', 'Weeping', 'Laughing', 'Forgotten', 'Barren', 'Bone']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'And if I did, what then?
Are you aggrievd therefore?
The sea hath fish for every man,
And what would you have more?

   Thus did my mistress once,
Amaze my mind with doubt;
And poppd a question for the nonce
To beat my brains about.

   Whereto I thus replied:
Each fisherman can wish
That all the seas at every tide
Were his alone to fish.

   And so did I (in vain)
But since it may not be,
Let such fish there as find the gain,
And leave the loss for me.

   And with such luck and loss
I will content myself,
Till tides of turning time may toss
Such fishers on the shelf.

   And when they stick on sands,
That every man may see,
Then will I laugh and clap my hands,
As they do now at me.
Entity positive emotions: ['Amaze', 'Delight', 'Doubt', 'Laughter', 'Contentment', 'Joy', 'Happiness', 'SatisfactionAnd if you did what?If']
Entity negative emotions: ['Aggrieved', 'Doubt', 'Amaze', 'Doubt', 'Disappointment', 'Loss', 'Vain', 'PainIf you did something, it']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I was only eight years old;
And before I grew up and knew what it meant
I had no words for it, except
That I was frightened and told my
Mother; And that my Father got a pistol
And would have killed Charlie, who was a big boy,
Fifteen years old, except for his Mother.
Nevertheless the story clung to me.
But the man who married me, a widower of thirty-five,
Was a newcomer and never heard it
Till two years after we were married.
Then he considered himself cheated,
And the village agreed that I was not really a virgin.
Well, he deserted me, and I died
The following winter.
Entity positive emotions: ['Frightened', 'Loved', 'Married', 'Happy', 'Agreed']
Entity negative emotions: ['Frightened', 'Afraid', 'Angry', 'Cheated', 'Deserted', 'Died']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Madam, withouten many words
    Once I am sure ye will or no ...
And if ye will, then leave your bourds
    And use your wit and show it so,
And with a beck ye shall me call;
    And if of one that burneth alway
Ye have any pity at all,
    Answer him fair with & {.} or nay.
If it be &, {.} I shall be fain;
    If it be nay, friends as before;
Ye shall another man obtain,
    And I mine own and yours no more.
Entity positive emotions: ['Joy', 'Happiness', 'Love', 'Pity', 'Fain (a feeling of willingness', 'Beck (a gesture or signal', 'Fair (a polite or courteous', 'Nay (a negative response)', 'Pity (a feeling of sympathy', 'Wit (intelligence or cleverness)']
Entity negative emotions: ['Burneth', 'Pity', 'No', 'Nay', 'Fain', 'Sorrow', 'Grief', 'Misery', 'Distress', 'Disappointment']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Be your words made, good sir, of Indian ware,
That you allow me them by so small rate?
Or do you cutted Spartans imitate?
Or do you mean my tender ears to spare,
That to my questions you so total are?
When I demand of Phoenix Stella's state,
You say, forsooth, you left her well of late:
O God, think you that satisfies my care?
I would know whether she did sit or walk;
How cloth'd, how waited on; sigh'd she, or smil'd;
Whereof, with whom, how often did she talk;
With what pastime time's journey she beguiled;
If her lips deign'd to sweeten my poor name.
Say all; and all well said, still say the same.
Entity positive emotions: ['Some of these emotions are']
Entity negative emotions: ['Some of these emotions are']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Loving in truth, and fain in verse my love to show,
That she, dear she, might take some pleasure of my pain,
Pleasure might cause her read, reading might make her know,
Knowledge might pity win, and pity grace obtain,
I sought fit words to paint the blackest face of woe,
Studying inventions fine, her wits to entertain,
Oft turning others leaves, to see if thence would flow
Some fresh and fruitful showers upon my sunburned brain.
But words came halting forth, wanting Inventions stay:
Invention, Natures child, fled step-dame Studys blows,
And others feet still seemed but strangers in my way.
Thus great with child to speak, and helpless in my throes,
Biting my truant pen, beating myself for spite:
Fool, said my Muse to me, look in thy heart and write.
Entity positive emotions: ['Some of these emotions are']
Entity negative emotions: ['Some of these emotions are']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Now thou has loved me one whole day,
Tomorrow when you leavst, what wilt thou say?
Wilt thou then antedate some new-made vow?
            Or say that now
We are not just those persons which we were?
Or, that oaths made in reverential fear
Of Love, and his wrath, any may forswear?
Or, as true deaths true marriages untie,
So lovers contracts, images of those,
Bind but till sleep, deaths image, them unloose?
            Or, your own end to justify,
For having purposed change and falsehood, you
Can have no way but falsehood to be true?
Vain lunatic, against these scapes I could
            Dispute and conquer, if I would,
            Which I abstain to do,
For by tomorrow, I may think so too.
Entity positive emotions: ['Some of these words may']
Entity negative emotions: ['Some of these words may']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When I was fair and young, then favor graced me.
Of many was I sought their mistress for to be.
But I did scorn them all and answered them therefore:
Go, go, go, seek some other where; importune me no more.

How many weeping eyes I made to pine in woe,
How many sighing hearts I have not skill to show,
But I the prouder grew and still this spake therefore:
Go, go, go, seek some other where, importune me no more.

Then spake fair Venus son, that proud victorious boy,
Saying: You dainty dame, for that you be so coy,
I will so pluck your plumes as you shall say no more:
Go, go, go, seek some other where, importune me no more.

As soon as he had said, such change grew in my breast
That neither night nor day I could take any rest.
Wherefore I did repent that I had said before:
Go, go, go, seek some other where, importune me no more.
Entity positive emotions: ['Some of these emotions are']
Entity negative emotions: ['Some of these emotions are']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When I was fair and young, then favor graced me.
Of many was I sought their mistress for to be.
But I did scorn them all and answered them therefore:
Go, go, go, seek some other where; importune me no more.

How many weeping eyes I made to pine in woe,
How many sighing hearts I have not skill to show,
But I the prouder grew and still this spake therefore:
Go, go, go, seek some other where, importune me no more.

Then spake fair Venus son, that proud victorious boy,
Saying: You dainty dame, for that you be so coy,
I will so pluck your plumes as you shall say no more:
Go, go, go, seek some other where, importune me no more.

As soon as he had said, such change grew in my breast
That neither night nor day I could take any rest.
Wherefore I did repent that I had said before:
Go, go, go, seek some other where, importune me no more.
Entity positive emotions: ['Some of these emotions are']
Entity negative emotions: ['Some of these emotions are']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Go wailing verse, the infants of my love,
Minerva-like, brought forth without a Mother:
Present the image of the cares I prove,
Witness your Fathers grief exceeds all other.
Sigh out a story of her cruel deeds,
With interrupted accents of despair:
A monument that whosoever reads,
May justly praise, and blame my loveless Fair.
Say her disdain hath dried up my blood,
And starved you, in succours still denying:
Press to her eyes, importune me some good;
Waken her sleeping pity with your crying.
Knock at that hard heart, beg till you have moved her;
And tell thunkind, how dearly I have loved her.
Entity positive emotions: ['Love', 'Joy', 'Gratitude', 'Hope', 'Pity', 'Kindness', 'Empathy', 'Devotion', 'Longing', 'Passion']
Entity negative emotions: ['Grief', 'Despair', 'Disdain', 'Cruelty', 'Starvation', 'Pity', 'Sleeping', 'Unmoved', 'Unkindness']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When I was fair and young, then favor graced me.
Of many was I sought their mistress for to be.
But I did scorn them all and answered them therefore:
Go, go, go, seek some other where; importune me no more.

How many weeping eyes I made to pine in woe,
How many sighing hearts I have not skill to show,
But I the prouder grew and still this spake therefore:
Go, go, go, seek some other where, importune me no more.

Then spake fair Venus son, that proud victorious boy,
Saying: You dainty dame, for that you be so coy,
I will so pluck your plumes as you shall say no more:
Go, go, go, seek some other where, importune me no more.

As soon as he had said, such change grew in my breast
That neither night nor day I could take any rest.
Wherefore I did repent that I had said before:
Go, go, go, seek some other where, importune me no more.
Entity positive emotions: ['Some of these emotions are']
Entity negative emotions: ['Some of these emotions are']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'When Nature made her chief work, Stella's eyes,
In colour black why wrapt she beams so bright?
Would she in beamy black, like painter wise,
Frame daintiest lustre, mix'd of shades and light?
Or did she else that sober hue devise,
In object best to knit and strength our sight;
Lest, if no veil these brave gleams did disguise,
They, sunlike, should more dazzle than delight?
Or would she her miraculous power show,
That, whereas black seems beauty's contrary,
She even in black doth make all beauties flow?
Both so, and thus, she, minding Love should be
Plac'd ever there, gave him this mourning weed
To honour all their deaths who for her bleed.
Entity positive emotions: ['Bright', 'Beautiful', 'Delight', 'Flow', 'Love']
Entity negative emotions: ['Wrapt', 'Bright', 'Dazzle', 'Disguise', 'Dearth', 'FlowThese are the negative emotions']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'So oft as I her beauty do behold,
And therewith do her cruelty compare,
I marvel of what substance was the mould
The which her made at once so cruel-fair.
Not earth; for her high thoughts more heavenly are:
Not water; for her love doth burn like fire:
Not air; for she is not so light or rare:
Not fire; for she doth freeze with faint desire.

Then needs another element inquire
Whereof she might be made; that is, the sky.
For to the heaven her haughty looks aspire,
And eke her love is pure immortal high.
Then since to heaven ye likened are the best,
Be like in mercy as in all the rest.
Entity positive emotions: ['Beauty', 'Love', 'Haughty looks', 'Pure', 'Immortal', 'High', 'BestThese are the words that']
Entity negative emotions: ['Cruelty', 'Haughty', 'Faint desire', 'Burn', 'Freeze', 'High thoughts', 'Immortal', 'PureNote that some of these']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Love is a sickness full of woes,
All remedies refusing;
A plant that with most cutting grows,
Most barren with best using.
Why so?
More we enjoy it, more it dies;
If not enjoyed, it sighting cries,
Heigh ho!

Love is a torment of the mind,
A tempest everlasting;
And Jove hath made it of a kind
Not well, not full, nor fasting.
Why so?
More we enjoy it, more it dies;
If not enjoyed, it sighing cries,
Heigh ho!
Entity positive emotions: ['Love', 'Enjoy', 'Sight', 'Cries', 'Heigh ho!']
Entity negative emotions: ['Woes', 'Sickness', 'Torment', 'Mind', 'Tempest', 'Dies', 'Sighing cries', 'Heigh ho!']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Full fathom five thy father lies;
Of his bones are coral made;
Those are pearls that were his eyes:
Nothing of him that doth fade,
But doth suffer a sea-change
Into something rich and strange.
Sea-nymphs hourly ring his knell:
                                             Ding-dong.
Hark! now I hear them,ding-dong, bell.
Entity positive emotions: ['/ Ding-dong.")', 'Delight (in "Hark! now I']
Entity negative emotions: ['/ Ding-dong.")', 'Fear (not explicitly mentioned, but']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Wine comes in at the mouth
And love comes in at the eye;
Thats all we shall know for truth
Before we grow old and die.
I lift the glass to my mouth,
I look at you, and I sigh.
Entity positive emotions: ['Love', 'Sigh']
Entity negative emotions: ['Sigh', 'Die']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Here take my picture; though I bid farewell
Thine, in my heart, where my soul dwells, shall dwell.
'Tis like me now, but I dead, 'twill be more
When we are shadows both, than 'twas before.
When weather-beaten I come back, my hand
Perhaps with rude oars torn, or sun beams tann'd,
My face and breast of haircloth, and my head
With care's rash sudden storms being o'erspread,
My body'a sack of bones, broken within,
And powder's blue stains scatter'd on my skin;
If rival fools tax thee to'have lov'd a man
So foul and coarse as, oh, I may seem then,
This shall say what I was, and thou shalt say,
"Do his hurts reach me? doth my worth decay?
Or do they reach his judging mind, that he
Should now love less, what he did love to see?
That which in him was fair and delicate,
Was but the milk which in love's childish state
Did nurse it; who now is grown strong enough
To feed on that, which to disus'd tastes seems tough."
Entity positive emotions: ['Some of these emotions are']
Entity negative emotions: ['Some of these emotions are']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'I might!unhappy wordO me, I might,
And then would not, or could not, see my bliss;
Till now wrapt in a most infernal night,
I find how heav'nly day, wretch! I did miss.
Heart, rend thyself, thou dost thyself but right;
No lovely Paris made thy Helen his,
No force, no fraud robb'd thee of thy delight,
Nor Fortune of thy fortune author is;
But to myself myself did give the blow,
While too much wit, forsooth, so troubled me
That I respects for both our sakes must show:
And yet could not by rising morn foresee
How fair a day was near: O punish'd eyes,
That I had been more foolish,or more wise!
Entity positive emotions: ['Some of these words may']
Entity negative emotions: ['Some of these words may']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'The wisest scholar of the wight most wise
By Phoebus doom, with sugared sentence says
That Virtue, if it once met with our eyes,
Strange flames of love it in our souls would raise;
But, for that man with pain this truth descries,
While he each thing in senses balance weighs,
And so nor will nor can behold those skies
Which inward sun to heroic mind displays,
Virtue of late, with virtuous care to stir
Love of herself, takes Stellas shape, that she
To mortal eyes might sweetly shine in her.
It is most true, for since I her did see,
Virtues great beauty in that face I prove,
And find theffect, for I do burn in love.
Entity positive emotions: ['Love', 'Joy', 'Wonder', 'Beauty', 'Burning', 'Sweetly shine']
Entity negative emotions: ['Pain', 'Suffering', 'Burning', 'Love (in the sense of', 'Senselessness (or lack of sense)', 'Blindness (of the mind)', 'Disillusionment (or loss of illusion)', 'Loss (of something valuable or', 'Grief (or sorrow)', 'Melancholy (or depression)']

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'
Entity positive emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]
Entity negative emotions: ["Of course! I'd be happy"]

Story: I will provide you with some sample text. From this text, please provide a list of all examples of positive emotions. Limit each answer in the list to 1 to 2 words. When writing your answer, generate it as: '[List: 1., 2., 3., ...]'Go, dumb-born book,
Tell her that sang me once that song of Lawes:
Hadst thou but song
As thou hast subjects known,
Then were there cause in thee that should condone
Even my faults that heavy upon me lie
And build her glories their longevity.

Tell her that sheds
Such treasure in the air,
Recking naught else but that her graces give
Life to the moment,
I would bid them live
As roses might, in magic amber laid,
Red overwrought with orange and all made
One substance and one colour
Braving time.

Tell her that goes
With song upon her lips
But sings not out the song, nor knows
The maker of it, some other mouth,
May be as fair as hers,
Might, in new ages, gain her worshippers,
When our two dusts with Wallers shall be laid,
Siftings on siftings in oblivion,
Till change hath broken down
All things save Beauty alone.
Entity positive emotions: ['Some of these emotions are']
Entity negative emotions: ['Some of these emotions are']

